As chaos and confusion set in , we should not lose sight of President Pervez Musharraf 's partial responsibility for this turn of events . At the very least , he can not be absolved from his government 's failure to provide Bhutto with adequate security .
Afghanistan is a prime example , as is the failure to settle the Kashmir imbroglio with India .
Both failures have strengthened domestic terrorist groups .
The potential charges are serious : conspiring to destabilize the government that was elected last February , unlawfully removing the country 's top judges in November 2007 , and failing to provide adequate security to Benazir Bhutto before her assassination last December .
What Pakistan 's military strategists failed to realize was that groups like LET and JuD had local agendas as well -- converting Pakistan into a theocracy .
The Afghan Taliban , removed from power and routed from the country by the end of 2001 , needed only a few years to revive itself , owing to the failure of the Afghan government and its international backers to rebuild and stabilize the country .
The delusion is based on two false assumptions : that the Iranians and the Syrians can succeed in Iraq where the US has failed , and that the international community can afford to pay the price of ensuring their cooperation .
The January 2008 semester exams at schools in Gaza operated by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East -LRB- UNRWA -RRB- found 50-60 % failure rates in mathematics and a 40 % failure rate in Arabic -- the children 's native language . Despite this , Ayman insists , `` I want to be an educated person . I want to be an engineer to build my country . ''
Water and sewage systems are failing ; garbage is piling up in the streets .
The Warriors of God is one of a handful of radical , al-Qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the Gaza Strip in recent months , first coming to public attention in June after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on Israel from Gaza .
But Hamas 's failure to establish and implement Islamic law is not the only issue that rankles .
Yet this policy has failed .
We now risk failing to meet the Millennium Development GOAL , set out by the United Nations , of reversing the spread of AIDS , TB and malaria by 2015 . This failure will make remote any hope of reaching the other Millennium goals in the fight against poverty .
IRVING , TEXAS -- When OPEC members met in Vienna recently , the Saudis failed to control the meeting , OPEC 's production ceiling remained unchanged , and member countries are setting their own output levels .
There should be no doubt as to the answer to this question , except in the minds of politicians who fail to raise it because they refuse to think beyond the coming presidential election .
Why do so many governments try to achieve this end , and why do almost all of them fail ?
Piecemeal deregulation is doomed to fail .
Europe simply could not afford the failure of the euro project , so it 's leaders did what was necessary .
The European Commission recently lost much of its standing in the eyes of ordinary Europeans with the vitriolic fights between the Council and the Commission over the defunct Stability Pact and the failure to approve the draft constitution .
In the Airtours\/First Choice case , the Court ruled that the Commission failed to prove that the three leading tour operators , if merged , `` would have an incentive to cease competing with each other . '' The Court rejected the Commission 's conclusion that the merger would enable them `` to interpret each other 's business strategies more easily and to adopt those strategies themselves . ''
Moreover , the Commission `` failed to identify or demonstrate clearly '' how the merged operators would enforce any `` common policy . ''
The most important lesson of APEC 's failure is a recognition of the enormous difficulty found in constructing a broad enough , and yet politically acceptable , package when trade negotiations are limited to particular beneficiaries .
In fact , there is a sense that we can not afford to fail .
The world has been amply warned about Blix 's weaknesses because he has a track record of compounded failure .
Despite his grave failings as IAEA chief before 1991 , Blix once again came to lead UN disarmament inspectors , this time in tandem with another Swede , Ambassador Rolf Ekéus .
Even after the Gulf war , he failed to realize that the Iraqi officials , who were again assuring the UN that they were hiding nothing , were but consummate liars .
Annan 's failures in such situations are almost invariably glossed over .
Oblivious , apparently , to the dreadfulness of the situation , they failed to sound the alarm properly and did nothing to intervene .
Yet when thousands or hundreds of thousands of people were exposed to mortal threats that he had the authority and duty to avert , alleviate , or at least announce , he failed abjectly .
All sides realize that failure to achieve this would most likely result in a nuclear chain reaction with Japan , South Korea , and perhaps even Taiwan embarking on their own nuclear weapons development programs .
Those sites that do offer such testing find it much more difficult to diagnose TB among patients infected with both diseases , because current diagnostic tests fail to detect active TB in 60-80 % of people with HIV\/AIDS .
Indeed , the attacks represent more than a failure of police work . They represent a collapse of governance ; these are the wages of the sins of administrative incompetence and political malfeasance .
When a bloody coup against Corazon Aquino 's fledgling democratic government failed , the leader of the putsch escaped from a floating prison -- and then successfully ran for senator .
Now , they are gradually coming to understand that the government has failed them .
An energy crisis in this case is almost certain if those who press for energy independence fail to provide a workable alternative in a timely manner .
Of course , these efforts will almost surely fail to replace oil within a reasonable time , as they are not market-driven and require heavy subsidies .
Indeed , because oil prices were rising while the dollar was declining , capacity expansion by oil firms failed to meet forecasts for non-OPEC production in the last three years .
True , many African countries currently suffer from instability , state failure , regional strife , violent internal political competition , and other assorted ills , including , massacres and large-scale brutality , civil war , massive movements of refugees , economic disruption , and environmental damage .
Clearly , failure would impose huge political costs that leaders will be impelled to take all necessary steps to avoid .
In Europe , we by and large failed to heed the warning signals of America 's sub-prime mortgage crisis when it erupted in the late summer of 2007 , and thus were unprepared when the next phase of the crisis engulfed European banks , too .
Authority to build coalitions , push governments to fulfill deadlines , generate support or take the blame for failure must come from that traditional source of leadership , the nation state .
If these three fail to agree in a crisis , Europe will be opting out ; if united on taking action , Europe will be committed .
That these collateralized mortgage obligations -LRB- CMOs , or bonds backed by a pool of mortgages -RRB- found a ready market , both in the US and abroad , reflects failure on several fronts .
The European Central Bank has also failed to tackle local bubbles in Europe .
I hope that spirit will spread far beyond San José , and that other regions will join us in recognizing that while our borders may define our territories , having the courage to reach across them defines our character -- and , ultimately , our future success or failure .
Despite his intellectual status and prestige , Qutb had failed to persuade the majority of like-minded inmates under conditions of repression .
After this spectacular Russian failure , however , Putin 's `` managed democracy '' looks anachronistic and faces the threat of a real democracy in its neighbor spreading to Russia .
He failed , because he gave in to petty protectionist interests , imposing a timber embargo against Finland and Sweden , a fish embargo against Norway , and various agricultural embargos against Lithuania , Ukraine , Moldova , Georgia , and others .
Even now , in the midst of an inflationary crisis , the NBU wants to move in small steps , evidently failing to grasp the severity of the crisis .
Putin or his collaborators seem to be setting up Medvedev for a failure , suggesting that their jealousy of Medvedev 's limited power is greater than their interest in defending Russia 's national interests .
There is no denying that advanced democracies largely failed to preempt the financial and sovereign-debt crises , while most emerging economies pursued better economic policies .
Dramatic , rapid change could result in prolonged failure .
Despite strong scientific evidence showing sharp declines in the populations of all three , every proposal for tougher trade controls on these marine species -- along with more than 30 species of coral -- failed to secure the necessary two-thirds majority .
The assassination of the President of Iraq 's Governing Council makes it crystal clear that the US is failing to create the minimal law-and-order needed for any sort of orderly transfer of power to take place by June 30th .
While Iraq - an attempt to import democracy by force - is failing , the paradoxical conditions of an Arab democracy under Israeli occupation may be a threat that Arab rulers have not yet comprehended .
The Hamas victory is , first and foremost , an indication of the total failure of the traditional Palestinian leadership to create a body politic .
Palestine is not yet a state , but it is already a failed one .
In the elections , Hamas received its dividend for doing what the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority failed to do .
But the fundamental problem is that , until now , at every historical juncture , the Palestinians refused to accept a compromise and consequently failed in nation-building .
It was this failure that brought Hamas to power .
Will Olmert Survive ? After Israel 's inability last summer to achieve a conclusive victory over Hezbollah in southern Lebanon , public pressure forced Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's government to appoint a commission to examine the causes of this surprising failure .
Precisely because Israelis are aware of the constant security threat facing their country , they have always believed that their leaders should be able to lead Israel in war -- but also to ask the military tough questions when diplomacy may fail .
In measured but devastating prose , the Winograd Commission gives failing marks to all three leaders .
And Halutz failed to present the civilian leadership with the full panoply of military options at the army 's disposal .
President Mahmoud Abbas 's failure to convene the Palestinian Legislative Assembly , due to a Hamas boycott , may lead inexorably to the final breakdown of the political structures created under the Oslo Accords .
Sadly , this is only the latest chapter in the Palestinians ' tragic history of failed attempts to create a nation-state .
But the reality is more complicated , and marked by repeated failures to create a coherent body politic , even when historical opportunities beckoned .
Perhaps the first failure occurred in the 1920 's , when the British Mandatory government in Palestine encouraged the two national communities -- Jewish and Arab -- to establish communal institutions of self-government to look after education , welfare , housing , and local administration .
The second failure occurred during the Arab Revolt against British rule in Palestine in 1936-1939 , which was accompanied by massive terror attacks against Jewish civilians .
The third failure -- even more tragic -- occurred in 1947-48 , when Palestinian Arabs rejected the United Nations partition plan , which envisaged separate Arab and Jewish states after the departure of the British .
The last failure occurred when the 1993 Oslo Accords between Israel and the PLO set up the autonomous Palestinian Authority under Yasser Arafat .
On the Palestinian side , this is part of a deeper phenomenon : a longstanding failure to create the institutional structures necessary for nation building .
This happened to Clinton at Camp David in 2000 , when he failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bush 's Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .
The same dynamic can be seen elsewhere : for all its power , the US has failed to resolve the conflicts in Cyprus , Bosnia , or Kosovo .
The Annan Plan failed in Cyprus because of one party 's opposition ; progress now -LRB- the minor but symbolically important opening of the Ledra Street crossing in downtown Nicosia -RRB- reflects internal political changes on the Greek Cypriot side .
The Palestinians ' basic failure at nation-building makes any meaningful peace talks with Israel -- let alone an agreement -- almost impossible at the moment .
Third , and most significantly , the 1993 Israel-PLO agreement has until now failed to achieve its aim .
Attempts to revive the Oslo peace process -- the `` Road Map '' and the Annapolis process -- have similarly failed to achieve more than vacuous declarations and hollow photo opportunities .
The causes of these 15 years of failure should be considered , so that Mitchell 's mission does not become another stillborn effort .
Both the Palestinians and Israel can easily and rightly be blamed for the failure of the Oslo process .
Two reasons for this failure stand out : the institutional weakness of Palestinian civil society , which lacks the infrastructure necessary for nation-building ; and the impossibility of simultaneous nation-building and peace-making .
A fundamental change of paradigm is needed : the effort should shift to building a Palestinian state from the bottom up , for which there are encouraging signs , even in the midst of the failure of the top-down process .
The Oslo process has failed ; an attempt to revive it -- say , by way of the Beirut Arab peace initiative -- will merely bring into the open all of the existing disagreements between the two sides , and will not overcome the Palestinian failure at nation-building .
Under such circumstances , calling Mitchell 's work up to now a failure is the only polite -- and realistic -- thing to do .
As a result , one thing that both Israelis and Palestinians agree on is that the proximity talks will most likely lead nowhere , so both sides are currently busy ensuring that the other side will be blamed for the failure .
It may or may not fly , but it is arrestingly novel : if negotiations fail -- so Fayyad says -- sometime in 2011 the Palestinians should declare independence unilaterally .
Until now , they have failed abysmally in institutional nation-building , a necessary requirement for any successful national movement .
Palestinian nationalism is deeply ingrained in the consciousness of most Palestinians -- yet , since 1948 , when the United Nations proposed partitioning British Palestine into two states , a Jewish and an Arab one , it has failed to move from ideology towards reality .
Fayyad is the first Palestinian leader who did not emerge from the Fatah movement , and he may thus understand what other Palestinian leaders failed to comprehend , mired as they were in a toxic combination of self-righteous ideology and violence .
Yet , after dozens of meetings , public and private , the two sides failed to reach an agreement .
The failure to reach agreement under such apparently auspicious conditions does not bode well for the coming talks .
Notwithstanding these failures , Turkey 's strategic stature did not suffer , partly because the diminution of US engagement under President Barack Obama enabled Turkey to fill the ensuing regional power vacuum .
After some procrastination and an initial failed attempt , Milosevic has been arrested , without bloodshed , though not without danger .
The IMF was created to prevent crises like the current one and in this it has failed .
Meanwhile , the new government failed to investigate numerous war crimes , miscarriages of justice , and the corruption of the Tudjman era .
This failure emboldened HDZ loyalists to test the Racan government 's resolve .
Fourth , export controls have failed to prevent the spread of sensitive nuclear technology , not least due to the sophisticated efforts of clandestine networks like the one run by Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan .
Al-Ahmar has also not benefited from the military aid that the US lavished on Yemen in the wake of al-Qaeda 's failed Christmas Day plot in 2009 to down an American airliner .
At the same time , al-Ahmar 's dismal performance in spearheading the war against the Houthi-led sectarian rebellion in the north made him a convenient scapegoat for the regime 's failures .
A Way out of Tibet 's Morass NEW YORK -- China has survived the 50th anniversary of the failed uprising by Tibetans against Chinese rule in 1959 without major protests .
His crime was failing to register a small environmental group run by him and his younger brother in their remote home village of Gonjo , in eastern Tibet .
China 's central government has the power to rein in its local chieftains , so its failure to do so in Tibet is puzzling .
Collectively , we are failing in the fight against world hunger .
In southern Ghana , for example , farmers have managed to reduce crop failures arising from rainfall variability and unpredictability by cultivating several drought-tolerant types of the same crop species .
But even the best and most up-to-date donor policies will remain vain exercises if governments in developed countries fail to translate their commitments into hard cash and improvements in agricultural investment worldwide .
History will judge us unfavorably if we fail .
In order to keep the system lean , there should be a provision for exempting some individuals and firms -- those sophisticated enough to handle their own affairs , or well off enough to deal with financial failure -- from the requirement of an RFP 's approval before buying a prescription financial product .
The concern is not that the top executives expected their aggressive risk-taking to lead with certainty to their firms ' failure , but that the executives ' pay arrangements -- in particular , their ability to claim large amounts of compensation based on short-term results -- induced them to accept excessive levels of risk .
Credit rating agencies , which play an important role in modern capital markets , completely failed in the years preceding the financial crisis .
However , some events -- such as a wave of corporate scandals or a stock market crash -- can interrupt the ordinary pro-insider operations of interest-group politics by leading ordinary citizens to pay attention corporate governance failures .
When citizens become so outraged that their voting decisions may be affected by politicians ' failure to improve investor protection , public demand for governance reform can overcome the power of vested interests .
CAMBRIDGE -- As governments around the world develop policies to deal with failing financial institutions , they should be sure to pick their beneficiaries wisely .
A United States Special Inspector General recently issued a report criticizing the US government for failing to insist that AIG 's counterparties in the market for financial derivatives bear some of the costs of bailing out the company .
Indeed , bailouts of failed institutions should never extend the government 's safety net to such counterparties .
In the future , governments should not bail out failing financial institutions ' derivative counterparties , even when they provide a safety net to some of these institutions ' creditors -LRB- such as depositors -RRB- .
A governmental commitment to exclude derivative creditors from any safety net extended when financial institutions fail would reduce future costs to taxpayers from cases like AIG .
In early 2005 , three years after a new law on environmental impact assessments -LRB- EIA 's -RRB- was passed , the State Environmental Protection Bureau -LRB- SEPA -RRB- , ordered the halt of 30 large projects , including 26 hydropower plants that had failed to submit proper EIA 's .
There is very little scope for international action to eliminate the violation of these rights in many - if not most - countries of the world today , particularly those that are trying to turn the ` Earth Summit ' into a sounding board for criticism of the failure of advanced countries to do more to eradicate world poverty or to protect the environment .
For this reason , whatever fine , ringing pronouncement , do emerge from the Earth Summit , they are doomed to failure .
Their failure would have dire consequences for the entire region .
One lesson of Sadat 's initiative is that in protracted conflicts where deep emotions and historical hatreds are involved , when almost every conceivable diplomatic formula has been tried and failed , the shock of a visionary , generous , and imaginative step can open new paths .
Arab Fathers and Sons The problem of succession in the Arab secular republics highlights their predicament in the transition to a post-revolutionary phase , for succession in regimes that fail to build strong institutions always risks triggering a systemic crisis .
As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
Many Muslims who have been fighting for years for their countries ' modernization have so far failed to find a lucid response to the progressive wave of radical Islam .
Strategically , the war was an utter failure .
The Iranians now see themselves as immune from an American attack on their nuclear installations , for America 's troubles in Iraq and the growing opposition to the war in the US are a signal to them that America 's strategy of pre-emptive wars has failed .
Moreover , Israel has failed to redress a dangerous imbalance : however creative its economy may be , the burden of military expenditure is undermining its investment in education and scientific research .
Nor are the other peace tracks -- Lebanon , Syria , and maybe also Iran -- doomed to permanent failure .
Bush 's Road Map to Failure in the Middle East Six long years of failed Middle East policies have finally brought President George W. Bush to recognize that the alliance of moderates in the region that he covets can only be forged through an Arab-Israeli peace .
Nor is Rice 's insistence on sticking to the failed `` road map '' for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement promising .
Israel and the United States failed resoundingly in their attempt to dislodge Hamas from Gaza , or in forcing it to accept conditions for an end to the international boycott .
In fact , Hezbollah is now not only militarily stronger than ever -- Security Council Resolution 1701 , which called for its disarmament , has proven to be an utter failure -- but also more politically robust than before the war .
Not only did Russian intelligence fail to catch the coming Georgian attack on South Ossetia , but Russia 's electronic warfare system and ill-equipped ground troops looked like outdated Soviet-era relics .
The meager results of the Oslo peace process are regarded by Hamas as vindication of its consistent view that the Oslo accords were doomed to failure , and that Israel and America never intended to respect the minimal requirements of Palestinian nationalism .
The South 's drive for independence has gained momentum because of the North 's failure to make unity attractive through reform and elections , as stipulated by the CPA .
The real test of Obama 's strategy of dialogue and cooperation will come only when it fails , and tough choices will have to be made .
Donald Rumsfeld 's dogma of military `` transformation '' -- the technological upgrading of an army 's capacity to enable decisive victory with fewer troops -- failed resoundingly in Iraq .
Netanyahu also knows that the Arab side 's failures have nurtured radical Zionism .
A policy based on fiction and double standards is bound to fail sooner or later .
If both war and diplomacy fail , these regional powers believe they will be better positioned than the West to shift the Afghan Great Game in their favor .
The Obama administration 's failure in re-launching the India-Pakistan peace talks over Kashmir is one of the gravest weaknesses of its `` AfPak '' strategy .
Israel 's fear that the failure of sanctions might bring the United States to accept coexistence with a nuclear-armed Iran in the way it did with the Soviet Union during the Cold War is not entirely unfounded .
Israel will most likely listen to America 's advice and consider a preemptive attack on Iran only after all diplomatic means have been exhausted , and after whatever sanctions are agreed upon fail to cut short Iran 's march toward possessing the bomb .
The failure of jihadism is paving the way for a potentially promising restructuring of Islamic politics , but the West either does n't recognize the changes or is hostile to them .
Begin was the best proof that Israel 's critics needed that the Zionist revolution , although it created a state out of the ashes of the Holocaust , had failed to eradicate the collective self-image of the Jew and the Israeli as victim .
In addition to harmonizing the flow of donations and an agreed-upon list of development projects , Dominican President Leonel Fernandez seeks to make clear that the task is a long-term enterprise : re-founding the failing Haitian state .
Indeed , Turkey 's growing regional relevance is the measure of the Arabs ' failure .
They failed to advance their peace initiative with Israel , and are complicit in the blockade of Gaza in the hope that Hamas will collapse , thereby humbling their own Islamist oppositions .
TEL AVIV -- Twenty years after the Madrid Peace conference , and ten years after President Bill Clinton 's heroic efforts at Camp David failed to yield a settlement between Israelis and Palestinians , one can not escape the conclusion that the Israeli-Palestinian peace process has become one of the most spectacular deceptions in modern diplomatic history .
Never truly convinced of the viability of the two-state solution , and encouraged by the failure of the peace process so far , the Israeli right is going back to toying with the most dangerous scenario of all , the bi-national state .
Meanwhile , Iran 's unstoppable rush to develop nuclear weapons could prove to be a monument to the international community 's failure to stem the atomic tide in the region .
Long years of mediation and endless peace proposals in the Sri Lanka conflict failed to end the war and the devastation of entire Tamil communities .
Likewise , the failure of Chechnya , Biafra , Tibet , or the Kurdish areas of the Middle East to reach independent statehood is attributable entirely to their military impotence .
So far , the good offices of the Norwegian government have failed to produce an agreement on the key question of the post-independence distribution of oil revenues between North and South .
After failing to moderate Bashir into accepting a secular decentralized or confederate Sudan , Egypt , a key Arab player concerned about the stability of its southern border , has come to accept the inevitability of secession -- so long as the new state lines up with it on the issue of the Nile 's waters .
Indeed , failure to reach a settlement in the past was not the result of bad faith , or inadequate negotiating skills .
Rather , failure stemmed from the inherent incapacity of both parties to reconcile themselves to each other 's fundamental requirements for a settlement .
Moreover , should Abbas fail to muster the support of the United States and Europe , Netanyahu might feel free to cancel existing agreements and engage in unilateral steps of his own .
The West , after all , never put irresistible pressure on any Arab regime to undertake reforms , and deserted its autocratic clients in Tunisia and Egypt only when they failed to nip the revolutionary bud .
This is blatantly obvious in its failure to respond creatively to the Arab world 's democratic upsurge .
America 's reluctance to be drawn into the Libyan quagmire , and the West 's failure to intervene in order to stop the Syrian army from massacring civilians , now looks like a sad , and fairly accurate , guide to the future .
But it is misleading to attribute the failure of the Palestinians to develop an orderly system of self-government only to the pernicious effects of Israeli occupation and American policies .
Three times in their history -- in 1937,1947 , and 2000 -- the Palestinians were offered a state , and three times their leaders failed to meet the challenge -- admittedly never an easy one for a nation built on such an unwavering ethos of dispossession .
But the credibility of such demands is undermined by the Arabs ' inability to alleviate Palestinian misery and , no less importantly , by their failure to help the Palestinians face the hard choices they will need to make if an orderly Palestinian state is ever to emerge .
America has always known that the Middle East 's problems are interconnected , but for years it got its priorities wrong , because it failed to see that if there was an Archimedean point to the Middle East problem , it was to be found in the Palestinian issue , not the `` War on Terror , '' Iraq , or the need for Arab democracy .
He has finally acknowledged the failure of the `` road map , '' and hence the need to skip interim stages and move directly to a final settlement between Israelis and Palestinians .
Leaving aside the hypocrisy of Western governments pontificating on this topic while they are bailing out banks after massive regulatory failures , the proposal is seriously flawed .
European Financial Regulation 's Wrong Turn London -- With the crisis in financial systems around the world reflecting massive regulatory failures , calls for more and better oversight abound .
The EU 's current model -- the `` single passport '' with home-country regulation of financial institutions -- has failed on an embarrassing scale .
Yet this model has conspicuously failed to protect host countries against the systemic risk of excessive capital inflows .
The EU 's proposed `` college of supervisors , '' even with the addition of a European `` systemic risk board , '' is only a partial solution , because it endorses the leadership of the home-country regulator and fails to address the potential conflict of interests between home-country and host-country regulators .
While Central and Eastern Europe has been the emerging-market region to suffer the most in the crisis , it has generally avoided the currency collapses , systemic banking failures , and spikes in inflation that were the staple of previous crises .
That danger was foreseeable ; failing to avoid it a costly mistake .
The best `` serious consequences '' of which the UN Security Council has warned should Iraq fail to comply with its obligations would be an even more intense effort to destroy its illicit weapons through continuous inspections of the country 's offensive military capabilities : inspectors , not invaders .
Many of his close advisers , however , seem intent to nudge him into war , and bellicose rhetoric has so pervaded official US statements that failure to attack Iraq could be construed as a failure of presidential leadership .
But NATO has failed the most important test , namely to ensure that its members continue to see its success as essential to their interests .
If the negotiations should fail , the transatlantic cleavage could once again become glaringly wide .
If an international force simply allows Ehud Olmert 's government to pursue its plans further , the countries that provide troops for the international force will not only be seen as rubberstamping Israeli policy , but will also be dragged into its failure .
It is merely to point out what should be obvious : Israel 's efforts to find a unilateral solution to its security problems -- whether occupation , withdrawal , or separation -- have failed .
So far , the only lesson Israel seems to have drawn from its failed strategies is that it must extend and intensify the use of unilateral force : re-invade Gaza , devastate Lebanon , and threaten Syria and , by implication , Iran , which the Israeli government hints , had a hand in orchestrating the recent crisis .
Instead , its leaders hope that a robust international force in southern Lebanon will provide protection for northern Israel , leaving them with a free hand to deal unilaterally with Gaza and the West Bank , while committing the international community to Israel 's failed unilateralism .
If the Security Council fails to agree on new sanctions -- which is likely , given Chinese and Russian objections -- it would be exposed as a paper tiger .
This scare arose during Senator John Kerry 's failed presidential campaign in 2004 , when digitized x-rays were sent from Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston to be read in India .
A democratic Ukraine with an open economy and close ties with the European Union could not fail to influence Russia 's future path as well .
Incidents are unforeseen events and technical failures that occur during normal plant operation and result in no off-site releases of radiation or severe damage to equipment .
To put a serious accident in context , according to data from my forthcoming book Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power , if 10 million people were exposed to radiation from a complete nuclear meltdown -LRB- the containment structures fail completely , exposing the inner reactor core to air -RRB- , about 100,000 would die from acute radiation sickness within six weeks .
The European Union 's leaders have just met to draw the lessons from the failed referenda on the Constitutional Treaty .
Twice in the last ten years , national governments have explicitly given the EU the authority to tighten constraints on their subsidies to failing airline companies .
Across the region , countless exchange-rate regimes have been tried -- some succeeding , others failing abysmally .
This initiative is destined to fail -- as did the IMF Multilateral Surveillance Exercise or the G-20 peer reviews in the recent past .
Europe 's Lost Decade MILAN -- `` Never confess a failure .
On March 24 , 2010 , what all observers of European affairs have long known will be written in stone : the EU failed to attain the targets for economic growth , efficiency , and modernization set ten years ago in Lisbon .
Rather than digging into the reasons for this general failure , the EU is now issuing a document that calls for new ambitious targets for 2020 .
What failed in the Lisbon Strategy ?
So many hopes have vanished in the bitter failure of so many negotiations .
But all these commendable efforts have failed to counter the phenomenon .
It is time to acknowledge that the `` war on drugs '' is lost -- indeed , a monumental failure -- and that hostilities should end .
Every aspect of the war strategy has failed .
Harsh new domestic laws in many countries have not only failed to control the spread of drugs throughout the world , but have delivered a vast new source of state intrusiveness into the lives of millions of people .
Can the world afford to continue subsidizing this failure ?
As politicians everywhere remain loath to be seen as `` soft on drugs , '' something must be done to call attention to this remorseless failure .
Sadly , however , the reality of its failure to come anywhere close to achieving its stated goals has not dented the minds of national governments : not one state has voiced its opposition to current strategies .
But turning a blind eye to failure only increases its cost .
Instead of insisting on replicating our failures , the world needs to adopt new approaches that treat the disease of drug use , instead of criminalizing it .
Otherwise , we will all remain addicted to a failed drug war .
Like the European Union , the UN should possess mechanisms to suspend or even expel members that fail to respect democratic norms .
I hope that this approach will allow a wide consensus in the General Assembly , and that any last minute change of heart will fail .
If Italy and the EU had not understood the need to work with non-European countries , and make them feel that they were responsible and fully-fledged protagonists , the efforts to establish the ICC and be so close to declare a universal moratorium on the death penalty would have failed .
Yet North America has failed to match Europe in building the political structures necessary to focus the hemisphere on the problems of immigration , cross border security , labor rights , and environmental degradation ; or in facilitating a more united approach to strong economic competition from Europe and Asia .
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
Europe is still realizing the full potential of these benefits , but struggling with natural cross-border mergers and the failure or replacement of prominent national companies by better competitors from other countries .
Those who would write off the euro as a failure should consider that it is only ten years old .
Attempts to build a serious `` rainy day fund '' have failed badly .
If market-driven recapitalization is too slow , and closing failing institutions is impossible , a more extreme alternative is to inject public capital directly into the banks -LRB- rather than indirectly , as now , by propping up the value of the sovereign debt that they hold -RRB- .
Any financial institution that is too big or too interconnected to fail , or could quickly become so , must be closely regulated and monitored for risk and capital adequacy in real time , or be broken up into smaller firms .
The Obama administration also seems to be heading toward regulating derivatives and financial institutions deemed too big to fail .
Any institution that is or could quickly become too big to fail needs to have adequate capital -LRB- rising with size -RRB- , and real-time continuous monitoring of risk , but these measures should be implemented without overbearing micromanagement .
No surprise , then , that the large financial firms that failed -- Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , AIG , and Lehman Brothers -- had the highest leverage , in the range of 30 or 40 times their capital .
Dealing with financial institutions deemed too big to fail wo n't be easy .
To balance the benefits of scale and scope with the socialized losses to taxpayers , firms deemed too big to fail should be required to have more capital , and the amount should rise disproportionately with size .
For basic scientific research , the potential return will be broadly available to any and all , whether or not they paid for it and bore the risk of failure .
Industrial policy failed miserably in the 1970 's and 1980 's .
Benefit-sharing may be fair in that it includes giving special assistance to research participants , such as access to medical care or to new treatments stemming from the research , but it may be unfair in failing to define the recipients of such benefits .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Obasanjo found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , Yar ` Adua , a little-known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor .
For member states , the euro zone is simply too important to fail .
If the US does not provide him with threats that help rally domestic support , his failure to revitalize Iran 's economy will erode his standing at home .
If cutting into Iran 's oil income fails to weaken Ahmadinejad , the US would retain military options .
But the administration 's confrontational approach is failing , because it is precisely what Iran 's rulers want .
If the new strategy fails to produce positive and tangible results within a few months , the steady domestic drumbeat for troop withdrawals will become deafening .
The army is unlikely to move on Musharraf directly unless subtler methods fail .
Three former Latin American presidents , Mexico 's second richest man , Ricardo Salinas , and the Supreme Court of Argentina , among others , have criticized the war on drugs as a manifest failure that has lowered street prices , fueled production , and undermined weak states .
Given previous failures , this round of talks might prove to be the final chance to re-establish Palestinian unity .
Worse , given the splintering of rebel forces in the South , where an estimated 80 tribes and clans control their own militias , a military response could generate a power vacuum in Sudan and destabilize the nine countries -- many of them fragile or failed states -- on its borders .
At the same time , the right-wing mantra -- victory -- failed to offer a credible way to replace the Iranian and Syrian governments , or to destroy Hamas and Hezbollah .
Will Pope Benedict XVI achieve the breakthrough that his friend and predecessor failed to realize ?
Here he was helped by the lackluster efforts of his main opponent , José Serra , who failed to build on the substantial achievements of outgoing President Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
So far it has failed to achieve its purpose and Brazil is remains poised on a knife-edge .
The Indians agreed to resume the suspended dialogue with Pakistan , despite the failure fully to resolve the Mumbai attacks legally , as well as Pakistan 's inability or unwillingness to move against the two domestically-based terrorist groups that India had accused of having masterminded those and several other attacks on its territory .
Much of this increase is occurring in large cities where discontent was already mounting in response to the government 's palpable failure to provide basic goods and services .
The second `` mistake '' came the following November , after Musharraf 's government failed to contain the legal community 's impressive civil-disobedience movement to pressure the government into reinstating Chaudhry .
Burma failed miserably , and , despite belated efforts to make the best of terrible circumstances , so has ASEAN .
In the end , of course , it does n't matter much whether or not we ascribe the failures of autocracy and non-intervention to anything specifically `` Asian . ''
As to whether the demonstrations were doomed to end in failure and bloodshed , this too is easy to say in hindsight .
Even if the DPJ fails to implement most of its reforms in short order , the fact that Japanese voters opted for change will invigorate their country 's democracy .
Expectations , usually set too high to begin with , fail to be met , resulting in anger , disillusion , and often in acts of terrifying violence .
The other disappointment has been the government 's failure to get the US to move its Marine airbase out of Okinawa .
The failure of integration of non-Western immigrants in such countries as France , Germany , or The Netherlands is often exaggerated by hysterical alarmists ; Europe , after all , is not about to be `` Islamized . ''
Such an outcome remains possible , especially if the rebellions fail and more oppression follows .
As a result , the consequences of a failure to hold elections , a violent crackdown , or a takeover by another authoritarian regime would surely be worse than taking a chance on democracy .
Anything can trigger such an act : rejection by a girl , being fired from a job , failing an examination .
A hearing over a nomination to be a Commissioner before an EU parliamentary committee should simply examine whether the person is competent in the area he or she is to oversee on the Commission , and whether there are elements of moral indignity -- i.e. , such obvious moral failings as to be disqualifying .
Such laws also transform HIV victims into scapegoats for a societal problem for which the governments and broader societies are failing to undertake effective , and sometimes politically or culturally risky , steps that can defeat the disease .
In addition , there have been a handful of indirect interventions , failed coups , and whispered threats elsewhere .
Despite the development of democratic institutions in some parts of Africa , coups appear to be once again an option when democracy seems to be failing , political gridlock has taken hold , or impoverished populations are alienated from constitutional authority .
Successful coups legitimated by popular support -LRB- or at least acquiescence -RRB- and oiled with promises to `` restore democracy '' may become infectious , encouraging copycats in neighboring states where governments are also weak or failing .
As the political scientist Guillermo O'Donnell observed , democracy 's flame can also be extinguished gradually when dreams of justice and social progress fail to materialize .
Still , to insist that Latin American democracy has been a major disappointment would not merely be pessimistic ; it would fail to recognize that the most important values of a free society include the capacity to change , to rectify , and to improve .
Our first challenge is to recognize that electoral government has failed to lead to a true democracy of the people .
Having won some of their freedom , Latin America 's people should not be forced to pay the high price implied by their leaders ' failure to open forbidden issues to debate .
Traumatized Israelis cling to the false hope that their lives will be made safer by incremental unilateral withdrawals from occupied areas , while Palestinians see their remnant territories reduced to little more than human dumping grounds surrounded by a provocative `` security barrier '' that embarrasses Israel 's friends and fails to bring safety or stability .
High on this list is the failure to improve maternal health in the poorest countries .
All attempts by the communist regime to sever the links between the Catholic Church and the Polish nation failed .
Forced secularization from above -- relatively successful in the Soviet Union -- failed abjectly .
As long as Latin America 's democracies fail to take seriously the tasks of reducing inequality , spreading opportunity , and nurturing more cohesive societies , they will continue to court disaster .
It is possible to disagree with Wright and his ilk , but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the US has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath -- although never justify -- those attacks .
Moreover , according to the ICJ , Serbia violated international law by failing to prevent genocide , because , though it could have thwarted the massacres , it did not , and subsequently did not help the ICTY arrest Mladic -LRB- who , notoriously , is still hiding in Serbia -RRB- .
Finally , one fails to understand why Moreno-Ocampo has aimed so high and accused al-Bashir of the `` crime of crimes , '' genocide , instead of filing charges that are more appropriate and easier to prosecute , such as war crimes -LRB- bombing of civilians -RRB- and crimes against humanity -LRB- extermination , forcible transfer of people , massive murders , rape , etc. -RRB- .
In Guatemala , once again , President Oscar Berger was obviously proud to receive Bush , but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman , hateful Homeland Security raids by US law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants , exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation , on the eve of Bush 's visit , of nearly 300 Guatemalans working at a Massachussetts , military vest factory .
After the failure of President George W. Bush 's and Senator Edward Kennedy 's comprehensive immigration reform effort last spring , most observers thought the matter would remain dormant until 2009 , since even touching it was potentially fatal for Democrats and Republicans alike .
Second , and more importantly , the substantive issues of conflict on the US-Latin American agenda are heating up . They will not go away by themselves , and failure to address them will probably only make them worse .
The US can not continue with the failed policies of the past half-century .
Herein lies a dilemma for the next US president : how to address the clear rift between the two lefts in a way that improves US-Latin American relations , fortifies the modern left , and weakens the retrograde left without resorting to the failed interventionist policies of the past .
Most immediately , Calderón had to address his immediate predecessor 's failure to implement any of the major reforms that Mexico needed .
And I believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the Powell Doctrine , elaborated 18 years ago by Colin Powell , then Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , in relation to the first Gulf War .
Mexico is consumed by its failed drug war , which has cost more than 25,000 lives and , according to just published US government statistics , has deterred Colombian cocaine traffickers , but has fostered dramatic increases in Mexican production of heroin , marijuana , and methamphetamines .
Lula 's attempt , together with Turkey , to broker a deal between Iran and the West failed when the US convinced Russia and China , along with countries such as Mexico , to approve a new round of UN sanctions against Iran .
It never fails .
Similar failings have exacerbated the consequences of today 's bird-origin influenza epidemic in Vietnam , Thailand , and elsewhere .
Economic success or failure in the decade up to 2020 will be another critical element in whether we are seen as a model or as a museum .
We do know that metastasis is a very inefficient process , with most cancer cells that escape into the blood stream failing to form metastatic tumors in distant organs .
Had he failed to win in the capital and the country 's principal cities , he would have had to recognize the failure of his authoritarian political model , which has also had no success in reducing poverty .
Taiwan 's December 2004 legislative elections had delivered an unexpected defeat for Chen and his ruling Democratic Progressive Party , or DPP , and the pro-independence camp 's failure to secure a legislative majority was seen as a positive development for relations with the mainland .
But then we are shocked into recognizing that our imagination failed us - there was worse to come .
Likewise , the Mumbai-based NGO Pratham 's Annual Status of Education Report 2005 , which was prepared after a survey in 28 states and union territories , reveals that 35 % of children in the 7-14 age group are unable to read simple paragraphs , while 41 % failed to solve a simple two-digit subtraction problem or a division problem .
The government is probably happy with these protests , for they divert attention from the real issue -- the authorities ' utter failure to address the fundamental problem .
If so , there is a strong likelihood that one area in which an Obama administration will fail to gain traction is in advancing the Indo-US relationship in areas outside the strictly economic .
It was clear from the entries that Castro was failing to control his island 's imagination .
To end here , however , would fail Rivero .
So , unlike the East Europeans who overthrew their corrupt political leaders in 1989 , and some Latin Americans who did so more recently in Bolivia , Argentina , and Ecuador , Cubans have failed to rally against Castro .
Despite a moribund economy , Castro still delivers what the majority of Latin American residents fail to get - free health care and education and a relatively drug - and crime-free environment .
Amazingly , many Latin America leaders fail to make the connection between reducing poverty and their own popularity .
Which states will accept China as Asia 's leader ? Six decades of ruthless repression has failed to win China acceptance even in Tibet and Xinjiang , as the Tibetan and Uighur revolts of 2008 and 2009 attested .
Unlike in other failed states , however , in Pakistan state-nurtured terrorism and state-supported nuclear smuggling uniquely intersect .
Significantly , in contrast to its increasingly vituperative attacks on the Dalai Lama , China has not denounced -LRB- or derecognized -RRB- its Karmapa , although his flight to India signaled its failure to retain the loyalty of a supposed puppet .
Even as Americans exult over bin Laden 's killing , the US government must recognize that its failed policy on Pakistan has inadvertently made that country the world 's main terrorist sanctuary .
For example , the phenomenon of failing states , which has affected Asian security the most , is a direct consequence of the Cold War 's end . When the Cold War raged , one bloc or the other propped up weak states .
As a result , dysfunctional or failing states suddenly emerged in the 1990 's , constituting a threat to regional and international security by becoming home to transnational pirates -LRB- Somalia -RRB- or transnational terrorists -LRB- Pakistan and Afghanistan -RRB- , or by their defiance of global norms -LRB- North Korea and Iran -RRB- .
But in Asia , the wars since 1950 failed to resolve disputes .
In his bitter resignation letter , the general accused Rajapaksa of '' unnecessarily placing Indian troops on high alert '' and failing to `` win the peace in spite of the fact that the army under my leadership won the war . ''
The practice has exposed another facet of China 's egregious human-rights record , which , when it comes to the overseas operations of Chinese companies , includes the government 's failure to enforce its own regulations .
So far , however , China has failed to persuade the country 's president to lease it one of the 700 uninhabited Maldivian islands for use as a small base for the Chinese navy .
These goodwill gestures have , however , failed to moderate China 's belligerent posture .
This diplomatic strike occurred at roughly the same time that Taiwan was failing - for the thirteenth time - in its bid to re-enter the United Nations , having been expelled when China was admitted in 1971 .
Unraveling how the bears accomplish this miraculous feat may offer hope to the estimated 1.5 million people worldwide receiving treatment for kidney failure .
Young Indian factory workers who fail to follow instructions are sometimes regret branded with red-hot iron rods , and some teenage Thai prostitutes are disciplined by having acid thrown in their faces .
But do the talks now underway have any better chance of success than the countless failed negotiations that have marked the past fifty years ?
Every Indian and Pakistani government embraces the Kashmiri cause , both as a useful device to divert attention from their failures and because they fear what their publics might do if they were seen as surrendering to the traditional enemy on so vital an issue .
The United States and Europe 's mature democracies may function well enough with the `` checks and balances '' of divided government -LRB- though the Republicans ' bid to impeach President Clinton a few years ago might suggest otherwise -RRB- , but in Asia the failure to bestow executive and legislative powers on a single institution is usually a terrible drawback .
Incompetent leaders blame legislatures for their failures ; legislators blame presidents from rival parties .
In failed economies , people work little , save little , and stick with outmoded techniques even when incentives are good .
Invariably , predictions will sometimes fail , which could lead to dangerous , or at least embarrassing , situations .
Fortunately , there are precedents for dealing with liability when biology and technology fail .
These attempts failed , and neuroscientific pursuits seem similarly unlikely to overturn our views on human free will and responsibility .
The allegations involve the armed forces ' manipulation of the Mindanao vote -- underscoring how state failure in the south , a politicized military , and paralysis in the capital reinforce each other in a downward spiral .
Only in the Philippines do state failure , chronic insurgency , and proliferating ties between local and foreign terrorists come together in a lethal cocktail .
A conventional military approach failed in Cambodia and Lebanon .
For the fact is that most pigs are bred and slaughtered here in a way that fails to meet EU standards , and no one is prepared to invest the money needed to get our piggeries up to Union levels .
Viewed from a matching perspective , there is no failure of `` aggregate demand '' -- whatever that means .
As a result , restructuring has been time consuming , costly , and characterized by intense lobbying , rent-seeking , stop-and-go policy making , and the continued failure of credit markets to function efficiently .
Countries like Guinea Bissau need help , fast . While the amount of investment needed is minimal , failure to act will be very costly .
But , propped up by military contracts , those state companies were never well run or efficient ; greatly overstaffed , they produced little , similar to the failed state-owned enterprises of the old Soviet Union .
New rules and procedures , as well as better training , can minimize such failings .
Moreover , the failure of developed countries -- particularly , the US -- to take responsibility for their historical emissions of greenhouse gases continues , representing a major sticking point because these emissions far surpass those of the developing world .
Cotonou is due for revision in 2010 , so now is the time to develop enforcement mechanisms that establish clear penalties for failing to uphold human rights and freedom of the press .
Even those who disagree with British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's stance on the Iraq crisis rarely fail to praise his courage .
He will still retain that conviction even if he fails , although the price he will pay is certain to be high .
In a sense it might be better to let such movements have a go at government and hope that they will fail - as have most of the current European groups of an antidemocratic ilk .
The failed revolutions in Hungary in 1956 and in Czechoslovakia in 1968 foreshadowed the eventual failure of the Soviet empire in 1989 .
The German minister of transport , for example , presided over a catastrophic and costly failure of a road toll system that he had proudly announced .
It has now joined the growing list of the world 's failed states and can at best be described as a potential federation of three states plus the unruly city of Baghdad .
However much one may favor multiethnic nation-states , once such a construction has failed , it is imperative to listen to popular sentiment .
We should remember this as we pursue the elusive objective of democracy in Iraq , so that we are not surprised if the upcoming election fails to generate a legitimate government .
As a person , he never failed to impress his many visitors .
This is in part the explanation for the failure of the `` Greys , '' that is , of political groups catering to the interests of the elderly .
The Left Party is led by two talk show politicians , Gregor Gysi , the former PDS leader , and Oskar Lafontaine , the ex-leader of the SPD , who do not have much more in common than a record of political failure and a talent for populist speeches .
Those who do not manage to get to other countries , or who fail in the countries to which they have migrated , are in a quandary .
They dislike the business leaders who take home huge sums even when they fail , and they hate to see poor and excluded people in their midst .
Even if national parliaments tried to come to grips with such developments , they would fail .
Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization , price controls , government direction -- had failed in the past , could not be expected to work in the future , and thus held no credibility with voters .
But for its first five years in power , its `` Third Way '' rhetoric failed to conceal that it was pursuing ultra-liberal center-right policies .
It is hard to guess in advance the consequences of such a failure .
This will depend on how failure plays out in the conference room .
The record slump in the vote for Gerhard Schröder 's governing Social Democrats in Germany has little to do with his policy towards Europe , but a great deal to do with the perceived failure of his economic policies - and the persistence of low growth and high unemployment - at home .
The central question will be whether Europe 's `` leaders '' deliberately play for failure , in the hope that the problem will go away .
These dangers were predictable , and the world now knows that the war has proved a terrible failure of American strategy , and may yet have even more catastrophic consequences .
One obvious point is that it is hard to identify a clear relationship between the financial industry 's structure and success or failure in the crisis .
Perhaps there is a difference : the bankers ' sins were sins of commission , while the politicians ' sins -- repeated failed efforts to produce a solution to match the scale of the problem -- are sins of omission .
Basel 3 , the Basel Committee 's new global regulatory standard on banks ' capital adequacy and liquidity , will more or less double the equity requirements , and will impose extra costs on banks deemed `` too big to fail . ''
But is this a good enough explanation ? As rewards went up , why did new competitors , prepared to undercut , fail to come into the market ?
Depending on size , this might constrain the ambitions of institutions that have plainly been `` too big to manage , '' as well as `` too big to fail , '' which is the most fearsome combination .
Seeking to influence exchange rates using capital controls or direct intervention in currency markets was doomed to failure in anything other than the shortest term .
Scientific Capitalism PRINCETON -- To understand how we got ourselves into our current economic mess , complicated explanations about derivatives , regulatory failure , and so on are beside the point .
If the universe did n't oblige , it was n't because our models were wrong ; `` market failure '' was to blame .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
Nor is it clear how we all knew that LTCM 's failure or the post-September 11 malaise posed grave risks to the system , but could seriously doubt that the dot-com craze was a bubble .
If we cleave to the false security of a supposed science that is n't working , and forget about the philosophy behind it , ideas like personal responsibility and the right to fail , our leaders will very scientifically give us no recovery at all .
What needs to be avoided is a failure -- such as occurred in Haiti following its devastating earthquake -- to move from the first stage to the second .
Indeed , in East Timor , Iraq , Afghanistan , Kosovo , and many other countries , the transition to peace seems to be failing .
The failure to demobilize and reconcile factions in Lebanon , where Hezbollah remained armed despite its transformation into a political party , meant that belligerency was always bubbling below the surface .
Likewise , the collapse of peace processes in Angola and Haiti and the various setbacks in Cambodia and Nicaragua during the 1990 's reflect a failure to demobilize and integrate .
Despite its failures , the UN is probably still the best-placed organization to oversee such efforts .
Many companies are withdrawing from the region , and large investments from China , particularly in Brazil , though promised , have failed to materialize .
Many promote both foreign and domestic investment , despite the failure of such institutional arrangements in the past .
And governments that are not accountable to their citizens will most likely fail in this regard .
The UN reckons that countries that fail in this endeavor have an even chance of reverting to conflict .
Georgia has failed to create the jobs , dynamism , and inclusion that are necessary for a peaceful society .
Without a solution to the IPD problem , efforts to strengthen political stability and security will fail .
Moreover , failed states are an incubator for terrorism , trafficking of drugs and people , piracy , and other illicit activities .
As prices went up and recessionary pressures increased , many homeowners failed to pay their mortgages .
The current Afghan situation reflects the failure until now to make national reconciliation -- rather than optimal development policies -- the bedrock priority of the government and the international community .
Other developing countries were told that their trade barriers , their love of inflationary finance , their failure to curb tax evasion , and their lack of governments strong enough to enforce property and contract rights against local notables , organized bandits , and - most important - their own functionaries were keeping them from participating in the new globalized economic cornucopia .
· managerial failures were supposed to trigger hostile takeovers ;
Declining public school quality , downward pressure on funding for public higher education , and a failure of political will to make higher education affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and can not afford quality education .
But I think that much of economics has been discredited by the manifest failure of many economists to be as smart as McCulloch 's parrots were .
Consider the claims -- rampant nowadays in the US -- that further government attempts to alleviate unemployment will fail , because America 's current high unemployment is `` structural '' : a failure of economic calculation has left the country with the wrong productive resources to satisfy household and business demand .
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
Now it appears to have abandoned that claim in favor of the message that failure to cut will produce disaster .
But what astonishes me even more is the apparent failure of academic economics to take steps to prepare itself for the future . `` We need to change our hiring patterns , '' I expected to hear economics departments around the world say in the wake of the crisis .
BERKELEY -- Former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers had a good line at the International Monetary Fund meetings this year : governments , he said , are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure .
Summers was criticizing Europe 's focus on the second-order issue of Greece while far graver imbalances -- between the EU 's north and south , and between reckless banks ' creditors and governments that failed to regulate properly -- worsen with each passing day .
First , the US labor market is failing so badly that expanded government spending carries no resource cost to society as a whole .
By making it clear from the outset that it did not trust its own policy , the ECB practically guaranteed its failure .
The years 1960 to 1985 formed the era in which development was to be financed by public institutions like the World Bank , because market failures and distrust of governments made it hard for poor countries to borrow privately .
· In the US , the collapse of `` grownup '' Republicans in Congress - the extraordinary failure of fiscal conservatives to mount any effective opposition to the Bush administration 's renewed destabilization of American government finances .
· The failure of Western European governments to even begin to think about how to address the coming fiscal crisis of the social-insurance state as a result of their aging populations ;
· The inability of Western European governments to enact sufficiently bold liberalizing reforms to create the possibility of full employment , together with the failure of western European monetary policy to be sufficiently stimulative to create the reality of full employment .
Within the Federal Republic , where unemployment remains near its early-1980s peak , the failure to address the problem was offset by other successes .
The third is less honorable , and likely to fail : it relies on the dangerously weak premise that the party in power 's political adversaries will be more public-spirited and less ruthless when they return to government .
In short , there are psychological and moral failures at all levels -- individuals , firms , unions , insurance companies , and governments .
Mankiw made that argument , but he failed to be understood .
In his view , it usually was the case that private market interests were aligned with the public good : episodes of important and significant market failure were the exception , rather than the rule , and laissez-faire was a good first approximation .
Within each country , the increase in inequality that we have seen in the past generation is predominantly a result of failures of social investment and changes in regulations and expectations , and has not been accompanied by any acceleration in the overall rate of economic growth .
Yet , so far , none of these events -- aside from Japan starting in the early 1990 's and the failures of transition in the lands east of Poland -- has caused a prolonged crisis .
That reflects the small probability that the market is assigning to the occurrence of a full-blown financial crisis with bankruptcies and bank failures .
But this time , slow stimulus is amplified by failures in the design of the Bush economic program .
Wolf recently excoriated the world 's big banks as an industry with an extraordinary `` talent for privatising gains and socialising losses ... -LRB- and -RRB- get -LRB- ting -RRB- ... self-righteously angry when public officials ... fail to come at once to their rescue when they get into -LRB- well-deserved -RRB- trouble ... -LRB- T -RRB- he conflicts of interest created by large financial institutions are far harder to manage than in any other industry . ''
The problem is a broader failure of market competition to give rise to alternative providers and underbid the fortunes demanded for their work by our current generation of mercantile princes .
Measured against these principles , Reagan failed on -LRB- 2 -RRB- and -LRB- 4 -RRB- and adopted -LRB- 1 -RRB- only by default -- Paul Volcker 's anti-inflation policy in the 1980 's dismayed many of Reagan 's close aides .
Thatcher failed on -LRB- 4 -RRB- . And Deng -- while a vast improvement over his predecessors Lenin , Stalin , Khrushchev , and Mao -- failed on all five , with the possible exception of -LRB- 3 -RRB- .
But their failings do pose a dilemma for Democratic deficit-hawk economists trying to determine what good economic policies would be should Barack Obama become president .
Lula becomes a failure and Brazil loses another decade as its economy sinks into a depression of uncertain length and suffers inflation of uncertain magnitude .
On the financial side , however , the magnitude of the chaos is staggering : mammoth failures of risk management on the part of highly leveraged financial institutions that must be first-rate risk managers in order to survive .
The failure to contain the crisis will ultimately be traced , I think , to excessive concern with the first two subsidiary objectives : reining in Wall Street princes and keeping economic decision-making private .
The logic behind that decision was that , previously in the crisis , equity shareholders had been severely punished when their firms were judged too big to fail .
The Fed and Treasury feared that the lesson being taught in the last half of 2007 and the first half of 2008 was that the US government guaranteed all the debt and transactions of every bank and bank-like entity that was regarded as too big to fail .
But that required , at some point , allowing some bank to fail , and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain .
Because it tried to keep the private sector private , it sought to avoid partial or full nationalization of the components of the banking system deemed too big to fail .
The failure to sacrifice the subsidiary objective of keeping the private sector private meant that the Fed and the Treasury lost their opportunity to attain the principal objective of avoiding depression .
Rather , Greenspan 's mistake -- if it was a mistake -- was his failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
But today is one of those days when I do n't think that Greenspan 's failure to raise interest rates above the natural rate to generate high unemployment and avert the growth of a mortgage-finance bubble was a mistake .
Reagan 's failure to reappoint Volcker and Jimmy Carter 's failure to reappoint Arthur Burns are the main exceptions .
Regardless of whether they have rejected our interpretations and understandings or simply have built or failed to build their own in ignorance of what we have done , why have they not used our work ?
If I had been running things 13 months ago , the United States Treasury and Federal Reserve would have let Lehman and AIG fail -- but I would have discounted their debt for cash at face value , provided that the debt also came with sufficient equity warrants .
That is the only time when -LRB- a -RRB- a financial crisis caused a widespread , lengthy , and prolonged reinforcing chain of bank failures , and -LRB- b -RRB- the government neither intervened nor passed the baton to a consortium of private banks to support the system as a whole .
It is now 19 months after Bear Stearns failed and was taken over by JP MorganChase with the assistance of up to $ 30 billion of Federal Reserve money on March 16 , 2008 , and industrial production stands 14 % below its peak in 2007 .
By contrast , 19 months after the Bank of the United States , with 450,000 depositors , failed on December 11 , 1930 -- the first major bank collapse in New York since the Knickerbocker Trust failure during the panic and depression of 1907 -- industrial production , according to the Federal Reserve index , was 54 % below its 1929 peak .
It wo n't be easy to create a fairer and more multi-cultural Europe , but failure to address this problem openly will carry an even heavier price .
Another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits Chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives , he believes , from the fact that Chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise .
High tolerance for failure keeps everybody striving to succeed .
After all , Mao 's Cultural Revolution against `` feudal society '' did raze much of the cultural landscape , denuding it not only of traditional values and institutions , but also of failed socialist efforts , leaving China ready for the seeds of capitalist development .
Once the tailspin began in 1997 , governments ' lack of reserves hampered their ability to rescue failed banks , forcing them to appeal to international institutions for relief .
Yet , despite these failings , such policies retained enough popularity to insure their continuity .
Indeed , the single most important factor , which will have a decisive impact on developments to come and could set the stage for a remarkable success story , or , on the contrary , lead to failure , is the European Union 's forthcoming decision on whether or not to start negotiations towards Turkey 's full EU membership in 2005 .
· Be coherent and consistent . Human rights can not be defended if antiterrorism activities fail to respect the rule of law .
Indeed , it is when democracies abandon their ethics and fail to resist the authoritarian temptation that they become weaker .
An undifferentiated approach towards political Islamism that fails to distinguish between those who reject violence and those who resort to terror only facilitates the extremists ' work , for they emerge as champions of causes that do not reflect their true goals .
Intelligence services in democratic contexts usually have oversight mechanisms that serve to limit abuses of power , and to guarantee effective action by punishing top officials that fail to do their jobs properly .
We appear to live in a time that has witnessed the absolute failure of the grand Enlightenment dreams of linear progress , universal peace , and equality between rich and poor .
Yet this cooperation has failed to stymie the fusion of terrorist and criminal activity .
Calm will not return to the Balkans so long as the UN and NATO fail to destroy extremism 's base in Kosovo .
If the world fails to eliminate terrorists from politics in Kosovo , what hope does it have of defeating terrorism elsewhere ?
In this latest case , the junta-controlled news media failed to announce warnings about the approaching cyclone .
But on other issues , Ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by his predecessor as Secretary-General , Kofi Annan , who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the `` world 's conscience '' when necessary .
All five failed . As US President-elect Barack Obama and his advisers assess their foreign-policy priorities , they will encounter the immediate challenge of addressing Iran 's nuclear program and the country 's growing strategic importance in the Middle East and South Asia .
Because Milosevic is obviously guilty and can defend himself in open court , they fail to look for imperfections .
Once this resistance develops , treatment is compromised , further resistance can evolve , and resistant organisms can be transmitted to other people , leading to primary drug resistance that may fail to respond to standard therapy .
The most notable barrage here was the affaire Stiglitz , when the World Bank 's chief economist accused the IMF of malpractice , gaining applause from bad economists and failed policy makers worldwide .
The IMF is well advised to stay away from the details and not stretch its little political capital to so broad a range of issues with an inevitable failure in satisfying the whole range of partners in an ever-wider dialogue ;
After failing to crash , America now looks set to pull out of its downturn and resume strong growth . Europe , however , is treading water .
The trouble is that Mr. Koizumi 's political mandate is not enough , and that public enthusiasm for his program has failed to recognize that , at the start , it will deliver higher unemployment and no growth .
It is now clear that the Euro 's launch was a failed IPO .
Should n't the failure of consumer confidence to recover spell trouble , and do n't the poor balance sheets within US households form a real cause for alarm ?
The failure of Long Term Capital Management a few years ago provided a lesson about risk management and the need to not be dreamy-eyed about a string of huge returns .
After all , blaming the US is predominantly a way of shifting light from Europe 's failed leadership to another country 's struggles for a safer world -LRB- including the continued existence of Israel -RRB- and a stronger world economy .
Re-Booting NATO-Russia Relations MOSCOW -- The crisis in Georgia last August tested Europe 's security system , and the system failed to fulfill its core task of ensuring common security for the continent as a whole .
Critics of European monetary integration often point out that , in the absence of political union , monetary union is doomed to fail .
He failed , but the idea did not vanish .
Letting one member fail would create speculative pressure on other EMU governments with weak fiscal positions or shallow domestic bond markets .
The political and economic costs of letting a fellow member government fail are simply too high in the closely interconnected EMU .
The EU 's fiscal surveillance mechanisms failed to predict these developments because they neglect a crucial variable : the dynamics of private-sector debt .
If Latin America fails to deal with its new competitor , the peoples of the region will lose jobs and opportunities to develop as they should .
To some extent , it 's already working -- by spreading . Local efforts may succeed or fail based on the talents of local implementers .
This wholesale return to the industrial policies of yesteryear , and governments ' reluctance to let even uncompetitive companies fail , should be cause for widespread concern .
The victory of Gutierrez , who participated in the failed coup against President Jamil Mahuad in 2000 , is a serious blow to speedy approval of the Free Trade Area of the Americas -LRB- FTAA -RRB- -- the Bush administration 's effort to create a hemispheric trade bloc rivaling the European Union .
Gutierrez 's past as a fomenter of coups has linked him in the minds of many to Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , another former military officer who also authored a failed coup before becoming president .
The Best and Brightest Fanatics In Britain and Australia , several Muslim medical doctors and engineers have been arrested following a series of failed car bombings .
The continent needs measures that are designed to encourage savings and investment , improve labor utilization , and upgrade failed educational systems .
But then it shot up again following the failure of Bear Stearns and the problems with AIG .
In particular , there has been little action on issues like creating a cross-border resolution authority to deal with the failure of a large financial group , something that can only be done at the international level .
Emerging markets , failing to do the same , have punched below their weight .
Indeed , it is revealing that when South Korea was desperate for dollars following the failure of Lehman Brothers , it borrowed from the United States Federal Reserve , not from the Fund .
Abandoning it would be tantamount to declaring the entire European integration project a failure .
But there were unintended consequences . The failure of US regulators to tighten capital and lending standards when abundant capital inflows combined with loose Fed policies ignited a furious credit boom .
The failure of China to move more quickly to encourage higher domestic spending commensurate with its higher incomes added fuel to the fire .
The problem was Britain 's failure in the late nineteenth century to take its economy to the next level .
It also failed to adopt precision machinery that depended on electricity , which prevented it from producing machined components for use in assembling typewriters , cash registers , and motor vehicles .
The same story can be told about other new industries like synthetic chemicals , dyestuffs , and telephony , in all of which Britain failed to establish a foothold .
But Britain 's signal failure was in not replacing these old nineteenth-century industries with new twentieth-century successors .
A final explanation for Britain 's failure to keep up makes economic policy the culprit .
Britain failed to put in place an effective competition policy .
The country failed to develop a coherent policy response to the financial crisis of the 1930 's .
In short , Britain 's was a political , not an economic , failure .
The effort failed completely .
Private markets in SDR-denominated instruments similarly failed to develop , in turn limiting their appeal to central banks .
But the French have not indicated that they will push for sanctions against chronic surplus countries that fail to adjust their currencies .
That said , there is no question that the upheavals in both countries -- and elsewhere in the Arab world -- largely reflect their governments ' failure to share the wealth .
Rather , the problem is that the benefits of growth have failed to trickle down to disaffected youth .
As a result , they have few skills that can be applied elsewhere if the job they expect fails to materialize .
Keynes failed in his quest to endow the IMF with the power to create a new international reserve unit as an alternative to the dollar . And he failed to secure agreement on measures that might force surplus as well as deficit countries , and the issuer of the international currency as well as its users , to adjust .
The latter failing haunts us to this day .
The US debt-ceiling fiasco has raised doubts in the minds of central bankers about the advisability of holding dollars , while Europe 's failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis continues to fuel doubt that the euro can survive .
If these proposals have one thing in common , it is that they all fail to address the eurozone 's immediate problems .
European Union leaders failed at their summit two weeks ago to produce anything of substance .
The distress following the failure of Lehman Brothers would have been an obvious occasion .
The Fund only encourages their criticism by failing to define its role .
Italy , meanwhile , failed to use the significant windfall from the steep decline in long-term interest rates caused by the introduction of the euro and a decade of rapid economic growth to repair its debt position . Italy 's debt barely budged and stayed well above 100 % of GDP .
A United Nations peacekeeping force deployed in eastern Congo was supposed to have protected the region 's civilians ; the peacekeeping force 's failure to safeguard the women has gone unremarked , in part , because a veil of silence surrounds what is occurring .
The international community , too , has failed .
The Chief Prosecutor of the ICC , Luis Moreno Ocampo , should be urged to accelerate his investigations and , once the evidence is sufficient , bring charges against those who have committed these crimes or failed to discipline or prosecute the perpetrators .
But politicians may need two steps : an initial failure to agree , and then a quick deal in response to the resulting financial-market convulsions .
My sense is that politicians will opt for a weak variant of greater fiscal union , but that , ultimately they will fail to execute it for the eurozone as we know it today .
Throughout this difficult period , the European Union has failed Ukraine , bluntly declaring that it should not hold any hope of future membership and justifying this stance by citing its internal problems -- the stranded Constitutional Treaty -- and growing public sentiment against further enlargement .
It is , of course , an honorable act for a government to take responsibility for so grave a failing and resign .
But the political consequences of failure to deliver a message of genuine European solidarity will be .
At best , Europe should hope for a `` more common '' foreign and security policy , even though this fails to answer Henry Kissinger 's old question : If you want to speak to `` Europe , '' whom do you call ?
Three older missiles , launched in his presence , failed to reach their targets on Kamchatka .
Putin 's first term in office proved to be an economic success and a political failure .
Russian political experts , pollsters , and consultants ascribe every success or failure in Russian politics to `` political technologies . ''
The past was , of course , far from perfect , but governments and peoples everywhere appeared more capable of tolerating failure .
In a public gesture of despair , Cherkesov admitted the failure of Putin 's project to reanimate Russian governance by subordinating it to the security services .
But if prices remain stagnant at current levels , Putin 's system is doomed to failure .
But , just as we can not afford to underestimate the forces of extremism that persist there , we also fail at our peril to comprehend the currents of restraint and good sense that run within the country , including at high policymaking levels .
When a state manifestly fails in that protection , it is the wider international community 's responsibility to provide it by taking `` collective , timely , and decisive '' action through the Security Council under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter .
The hope was that states ' failure to protect their inhabitants would no longer be seen as nobody else 's business , as had been the case for centuries , but as the entire world 's concern .
The follow-up Resolution 1973 , adopted on March 17 , deplored the failure to comply with Resolution 1970 , reasserted a determination to ensure the protection of civilians , and called for an immediate ceasefire and a complete end to violent attacks against and abuses of civilians .
Only when that failed did Resolution 1973 embrace the military option .
Local governments are equally careless , often failing to service their debts .
Whereas some policies may be criticized for being too `` administrative '' and failing to allow market forces to play a sufficient role , they may be the only effective way to deal with China 's `` administrative entities . ''
After all , although modern market economics provides a sound framework for policymaking -- as Chinese bureaucrats are eagerly learning -- the idea of a planned economy emerged in the nineteenth century as a counter-orthodoxy to address market failures .
George W. Bush failed to honor his anti-Chinese protectionist campaign promises of 2000 , as did Bill Clinton throughout his presidency .
The failure to distinguish clearly between resources and reserves -- and to recognize the importance of prices , costs , and technology in transforming resources into reserves -- results in bad predictions about an imminent peak in oil production and misinformation that has had a negative impact on policymaking .
Moreover , any inadequately treated TB becomes multi-drug resistant , so that treatment failure can be either cause or consequence of MDR-TB .
Patients who feel better after the initial treatment may also fail to complete therapy .
Public health workers argue that therapy should be imposed upon patients who are at risk of failing to complete it -- a policy that others claim would violate individual liberty .
The leading proposal , produced by the Senate Finance Committee , fails to achieve any of Obama 's goals .
The attempt to establish a single currency for 16 separate and quite different countries was bound to fail .
The government programs failed to provide the `` pump-priming '' role that was intended .
Ultimately , these financial failures reflect the downward spiral of house prices and the increasing number of homes with negative equity , i.e. , with substantial mortgage debt in excess of market values .
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain 's banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices , or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures , requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
The old-style right , with its fascist ancestry , lingers on . But , as the failure of the Front National in France shows , it can not break through from posturing to power .
They failed to get that vote , and early elections were called .
This initiative failed for two reasons .
Were Iran to refuse the offer or fail to honor its obligations , it would totally isolate itself internationally and provide emphatic legitimization to further measures .
In accordance with the `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine , adopted unanimously by heads of state and government at the UN World Summit in September 2005 , if a state fails to meet this primary obligation , responsibility shifts to the international community , which may exercise various measures , including , if absolutely necessary , military force .
So will a failed `` Peace of the Strong '' be followed by a successful `` Peace of the Weak '' ?
The historical failure named Iraq war , the demise of secular Arab nationalism and the soaring oil and gas prices have wrought profound changes in the region .
The danger of a major confrontation has been heightened further by a series of factors : persistent high oil prices , which have created new financial and political opportunities for Iran ; the defeat of the West and its regional allies in proxy wars in Gaza and Lebanon ; and the United Nations Security Council 's failure to induce Iran to accept even a temporary freeze of its nuclear program .
Should this newest attempt fail , things will soon get serious .
On the contrary , should the negotiations fail , the confrontation will resurface in short order , and be far more dangerous .
Indeed , if a diplomatic solution fails , they are more likely to react more forcefully .
The next war , terrorist attack , or failed peace initiative may lurk just around the corner .
Indeed , the current global financial crisis has demonstrated once more that the EU is strong where it has integrated its member states ' interests and weak where it has failed to do so .
This is all the more true because the European Commission is currently proving to be a near-total failure .
The European constitution has failed , the Lisbon reform treaty is in limbo after the Irish rejected it , and stronger European economic governance is blocked by German-French disunity .
If the West approaches these discussions with Russia without illusions , with a clear understanding of its own strategic interests , and with new ideas for partnership and cooperation , the worst to be feared is failure .
It is easy to imagine what the euro 's failure would mean for the EU as a whole : a disaster of historic proportions .
Of course , at the end of the London summit , the assembled leaders will agree on a joint statement , because nobody can afford failure .
If he fails , well , thank God one was n't involved .
Ever since the referendum failures of both the European constitution and the Lisbon treaty , the EU has been flying on autopilot , run by its bureaucrats .
The reasons for this profound change are obvious : the reunification and the historical resolution of the hitherto open `` German question '' ; the failure of the EU constitution and thus of the European vision ; the institutional weakness of an expanded 27-member EU ; and the increasing inefficiency and slowness of EU institutions .
After all , can Germany really afford to let the EU 's enlargement into Eastern Europe fail ?
The introduction of a common European currency was successful ; political integration by means of a constitutional treaty a failure .
In that case , the euro would be in danger of failing , for the first time seriously imperiling the entire project of European integration .
Should it fail , the price will be high .
Turkey explains its refusal by the EU 's failure -LRB- as a result of a veto by the Greek Cypriot government in Nicosia -RRB- to fulfill its own promise to open up trade with Northern Cyprus , which is under Turkish rule .
BERLIN -- On the weekend of May 7-9 , the European Union gazed into the abyss of historical failure .
That , in turn , would have triggered the collapse of supposedly `` too big to fail '' banks and insurance companies , not just in Europe , but worldwide .
This uncertain response partly explains Western governments ' lack of will to draw tangible conclusions from the systemic failure of the financial sector . It is also why governments give the impression that they do n't know how to steer their societies through these troubled waters .
Leaders talk about `` systemic risks '' and the necessity of bailouts , but at the same time let those responsible for two consecutive systemic failures maintain the same global casino that twice brought the world near collapse .
Moreover , the failure of the global financial system comes at a time when power is shifting from West to East .
BERLIN -- Returning to Europe lately after a six-day trip to the United States , I wondered for the first time while reading the press on the recent Irish crisis whether the euro -- and thus the European Union -- might possibly fail .
The failure of the euro -- and thus of the EU and its Common Market -- would be the biggest pan-European disaster since 1945 .
The political risk for both of them will be anything but small , but the alternative -- the failure of the euro -- is unacceptable for both countries .
Any eurozone political leader whose primary consideration now is re-election will face certain failure by meeting this historical challenge .
Even worse , given that Obama 's effort to enforce a permanent moratorium on new settlement construction in the West Bank has failed , is that direct negotiations between the conflicting parties have run aground .
Was it a test that failed ?
Should the US be tempted now , in response to the failure of its policy , to consider a military `` option '' against Iran , the nuclearization of the international system will not be arrested .
And there is the experience of Ukraine 's `` Orange Revolution '' in 2004 , which failed a few years later due to the estrangement , incompetence , and corruption of its leaders .
But a democracy that does not translate into regular dinners is a democracy that is bound to fail .
Should this awakening fail , the result will be a radicalization throughout the region .
All I can say is that I feel ashamed for this failure of the German government and -- unfortunately -- also for the leaders of the red and green opposition parties who at first applauded this scandalous mistake !
It would also mean a eurozone failure that would not leave the Common Market unharmed .
Thus far , the EU and the Greek government have failed to address Greece 's structural problems .
But it makes little sense to insist on it as long as losses by banks that remain `` too big to fail '' could trigger a renewed financial crisis .
The problem is that the French referendum on the EU constitution in 2005 vetoed further political integration , while further economic integration may now fail because of Germany .
If Europe 's monetary union fails , not much of the common market , or of European institutions and treaties , will be left .
This failure would coincide with the emergence of a new world order , as two centuries of Western predominance come to an end .
The eurozone , a confederation of sovereign states with a common currency and common principles and mechanisms , is now failing that test .
Were the US to succeed in using its military strength , it would create a new , democratic Middle East . But were it , despite its military might , to fail , it would create a power vacuum and destabilize the region .
In light of the failure of all previous `` new strategies '' for stabilizing Iraq , there is little to suggest that the newest `` new strategy '' will succeed any better , despite the additional 21,000 US soldiers .
Beyond these financial instruments , we need to improve on the status quo by investing in the research and development needed to modernize agriculture and reduce the risk of crop failures .
Unless we begin to do so , succeeding generations will fail to realize an environmentally sustainable world where people live in dignity .
Europe 's failure to play a role in resolving this conflict does not result from its supposed anti-Israeli views , but from the fact that the EU is not a state .
But the germ of such a debate exists , and it sounds very different from that which dominated the failed constitutional referendum campaign in France two years ago .
Indeed , strained by decades of governmental failure to curb massive unemployment , the French are nowadays often perceived as having retired from the political sphere to concentrate on their lives and leisure .
The temptation of communitarianism , which the French have debated for at least a decade , comes from the wish to turn the failure of genuine equality into something positive .
But you can not dress up failure in the clothes of success .
It is in the hedge fund industry 's interest to encourage greater regulation and transparency , lest a rising tide of failed funds cause investor confidence to collapse , putting both good and bad wizards out of business .
Consider the interdisciplinary efforts -- and ultimate failure -- of Nicolas Rashevsky , a Russian theoretical physicist who emigrated to the US in 1924 .
The main criticism against him was that he failed to engage with practicing biologists .
The results of such experiments -- even those that fail -- include useful lessons for all of us .
Observers even compared it to the infamous failed London Economic Summit of 1933 , which was a way of saying that the world had not learned the lessons of the Great Depression .
Most importantly , China 's call for the introduction of a new reserve currency stems from its frustration with the failure of major governments -- whether in the US or Europe -- to govern their economic affairs with realism and good sense .
The counter-argument -- that any sell-off or failure by China to continue to buy US government securities would hurt China as much as America -- is not valid .
Given the enormous size of daily volumes in currency markets , such attempts almost always fail , leading to currency crises .
One reason for this failure is that pillar 1 of the Basel II Agreement , which outlines how banks around the world should assess credit risks and determine the size of capital buffers , makes no explicit allowance for long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
Inspiring and hopeful as these events were , the road to liberal democracy in the Middle East is likely to be extremely disappointing in the near to medium term , and the Bush administration 's efforts to build a regional policy around it are heading toward abject failure .
In Iraq alone , the administration misestimated the threat of WMD , failed to plan adequately for the occupation , and then proved unable to adjust quickly when things went wrong .
Operating on the assumption that the government will back them -- or bail them out if they fail -- they can afford to be cavalier .
It does not explain why other countries that took even stronger measures failed to generate a similarly rapid recovery , or why China 's government seems to have more room than others for policy maneuver .
A Tale of Two Terminals BEIJING -- Ever since it opened recently , Terminal 5 of London 's Heathrow Airport has been plagued with failures .
The media , unsurprisingly , have feasted upon the failures of T5 in London , while neglecting the successes of T3 in Beijing .
But to call T3 a success for socialism and T5 a failure of capitalism would be to miss a fundamental point .
Those who cling to old ideological stereotypes face an almost impossible task in reconciling China 's rapid growth with what they condemn as China 's failing system .
Muddling through has failed .
And , if the BoE 's Andrew Haldane is right that rising pressures in Asia threaten future turmoil , the West will regret its failure to entrench global capital-adequacy and liquidity standards and a more transparent early-warning system .
While legal harmonization and constitution - making attest to deepening integration , Europe 's institutions have failed to generate what every political community needs in order to survive and thrive : a feeling of belonging .
They are also a failure of human beings : democratic values do not function without citizens ; there can be no democracy without democrats .
But relative stability has not improved matters , delivering only failed governments , negative growth , the rise of radical Islam , and ever more repression .
The al-Saud royal family failed to back the US effort in Iraq because of domestic concerns .
Legislation , courts , and law-enforcement mechanisms have failed to address the high incidence of violence against women .
The left ventricular assistance device is a partial artificial heart used in patients dying of heart failure .
The HPG therefore recommended long-term monitoring of future humanitarian responses , and said that success or failure should be judged in a broad context rather than by a narrow focus on a specific project .
Nonetheless , the Court has come under fire for three alleged failings .
Tolerance for failure was slim in both initiatives , so they tended to rely on the previous generation of scientific insight , because the resulting technology was more trustworthy .
The East-West arms race had created an explosive situation . Nuclear deterrents could have failed at any moment .
Do not fail them .
So a perceived failure may cause a massive , perhaps irreversible , loss of confidence in our politicians .
Even though we failed to achieve our highest aspirations in Reykjavik , the summit was nonetheless , in the words of my former counterpart , `` a major turning point in the quest for a safer and secure world . ''
By failing to propose a compelling plan for nuclear disarmament , the US , Russia , and the remaining nuclear powers are promoting through inaction a future in which nuclear weapons will inevitably be used .
Bush 's policy is doomed to fail because , as in the 1970 's , America 's economic problems are homegrown .
The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country -- not even mighty America -- can devalue its way out of trouble .
Jospin 's program failed to diminish these twin ills primarily because French society is divided between a large public sector and a dynamic private sector , much of which is increasingly being driven outside the country because of high taxation and endless bureaucracy .
The UN and NATO are widely perceived as damaged , if not broken , by their failure to agree on what to do about Iraq .
If the world economy is to recover , the diplomatic failures and name-calling must end .
Why has every attempt to set prices for global carbon emissions failed ?
The Stability and Growth Pact clearly did not prevent `` excessive '' deficits , and the no-bailout clause failed its first test when European leaders , facing the Greek crisis , solemnly declared on February 11 that euro-zone members would `` take determined and coordinated action , if needed , to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole . ''
The failure to impose market discipline via the no-bailout clause was predictable : in a systemic crisis , the immediate concern to preserve the stability of markets almost always trumps the desire to prevent the moral hazard that arises when imprudent debtors are saved .
But in September 2008 , the United States government thought otherwise , and allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in order to impose market discipline .
The disaster that followed illustrated the damage that an uncontrolled failure can produce .
Yet the lesson should not be that failure has to be avoided at all costs : applied to the case of Greece , this would mean that the pressure on the Greek government to adjust would evaporate .
The EMF -LRB- or rather ESF , as some have dubbed it , for European Stability Fund -RRB- could manage an orderly default of an EMU member country that fails to comply with the conditions attached to an adjustment program .
The case of Greece has raised the simple but profound question : can a member state of the EU be allowed to fail ?
One might object that the distinction between Southern and Northern views is academic nowadays , because failure really is n't an option , given that it would trigger a disastrous reaction in global financial markets .
The key choice for this group is simple : should they direct their efforts solely at preventing failure -LRB- including open-ended fiscal support -RRB- , or should they also prepare for the failure of a member state in order to mitigate the consequences if that should happen ?
The view that member states can not be allowed to fail logically implies that a political or at least a fiscal union must underpin the euro .
This is the choice that European leaders now confront : a radical step forward toward political or policy integration , or a clear framework to deal with the consequences of a member country 's failure to abide by the fundamental rules of the monetary union .
How to Make EU Integration Popular Across the European Union , fears about globalization and antipathy to integration and immigration have produced massive political fallout , including the failed French and Dutch referenda on the Union 's draft constitutional treaty and a de facto moratorium on accession talks with Turkey .
Outdated labor-market rules are the key reason why the full benefits of the internal market and monetary union have failed to materialize .
These analogies are important because in both Algeria and South Africa , colonialism failed .
A permanent end to the conflict over Palestine will not be possible until the Palestinian Arabs and their allies become convinced that the failure of colonialism in countries like Algeria and South Africa is not a relevant lesson for them . In other words Arabs will have to become convinced that they can neither subjugate the Jews nor drive the Jews out of Palestine .
The negotiating formula of `` land for peace '' and `` breakthroughs '' like the Oslo accords failed to dampen the conflict because the Arabs understandably interpret Israeli concessions as signs of weakness .
Political failure killed Ché , and illness took Evita 's life , possibly saving her from the kind of political calamity that befell her husband a few years later .
Maradona fails to understand this .
He fails to face his addictions - to the fast life and to his not always healthy , but always demanding and unreal relationship with Argentines .
But Argentina remains overly dependent on commodities , and has failed to encourage economic activity based on its peoples ' culture and ingenuity .
The two countries ' haughty behavior -- for example , criticizing tax regimes in Eastern Europe while themselves failing to comply with the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact -- appalled other EU countries , especially the newest members .
The Barcelona Process , which Jacques Delors initiated in 1995 as head of the European Commission , had its merits , but failed to meet the expectations that it created . In 2005 , on the 10th anniversary of its launch , I joined political leaders from both sides of the Mediterranean in calling for a re-formulation of the partnership through the creation of a Euro-Mediterranean community .
All stick and little carrot has failed to quell Chechen nationalism , and President Vladimir Putin 's similarly heavy-handed attempts to control Russia 's so-called `` near abroad '' -- as in Ukraine during the Orange Revolution -- have proven no more successful .
This reflects not simply scruples , but a view that state failure and genocide can lead to destabilizing refugee flows and create openings for terrorists to take root .
If a state fails to live up to its side of the bargain by sponsoring terrorism , either transferring or using weapons of mass destruction , or conducting genocide , then it forfeits the normal benefits of sovereignty and opens itself up to attack , removal , or occupation .
The odds also favor terrorists , in that one success can compensate for multiple failures .
Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act ; failing that , societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks .
This is not a failure of the UN or the Secretary General so much as a reflection of the reality that the major powers are divided .
In this case , Ban needs to spend time in China 's capital , making the case for the notion that governments have a responsibility to protect their citizens , and that when they fail to do so -LRB- as Sudan 's government clearly is -RRB- , they forfeit some of the advantages that normally are associated with sovereignty .
Japan 's neighbors , who continue to harbor concerns stemming from World War II and Japan 's failure to deal adequately with its history , will worry about Japanese nationalism .
There is a real danger that a widely-perceived failure in Iraq could lead to a serious weakening of American domestic political support for an active international role , particularly difficult but necessary deployments of military force .
As the US inevitably reduces its role , others should be prepared to step up , lest Iraq 's government falls and the Iraqi state fails .
It may be too late for the US to succeed in Iraq , but it is not too late for others to increase the odds that the US does not fail .
Ignoring this reality will lead to failure , if not catastrophe .
If Palestine were a state , it would be judged to have failed .
Worse yet , failure would strengthen those on both sides of the dispute who argue that diplomacy is a waste of time .
Avoiding failure is sometimes a better objective than achieving great success .
The US and Iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- as occurred recently in the Strait of Hormuz -RRB- , with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from his economic failures .
Trade also can be a powerful force in a non-polar world by giving states a stake in avoiding conflict , generating greater wealth , and strengthening the foundations of domestic political order -- thereby decreasing the chance of state failure as well .
More effort also will be needed to prevent state failure and deal with its consequences . The US and other developed countries should enhance their military capacities to deal with the type of threats being faced in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as establish a pool of civilian talent to assist with basic nation-building tasks .
Trade is something of a model here , insofar as bilateral and regional accords are filling the vacuum created by the failure to conclude a global trade round .
Less clear are the details of such an initiative , or what the US would do if it were to fail .
Pakistan , which possesses dozens of nuclear weapons and is host to the world 's most dangerous terrorists , could become a failed state , as could nuclear-armed North Korea .
The consequences of failure in Copenhagen could be considerable .
Over time , a failure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions would lead to additional climate change , which in turn would increase the severity of poverty , the scale of internal displacement and migration , the scarcity of water , the prevalence of disease , and the number and intensity of storms . The result could be more failed states and more conflict between states .
But , judging by Iraqi politicians ' inability to form a new government months after national elections , their failure to provide essential services , and , above all , the continuing deadly violence , nation-building in Iraq is far from complete .
By failing to foster gradual democratization -- and yielding to a `` democratic exception '' in parts of the Muslim world -- America missed an opportunity to help these countries adapt to the stresses of a globalizing world .
Any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in US foreign policy was removed by President Bush 's speech of last November , in which he made clear that the Muslim world 's democratic deficit is not tied to religion , but to `` failures of political and economic doctrines . ''
With the disappearance of the communist world and the failure of its collectivist policies , one would think that this debate had been resolved in favor of the reformist vision .
With the evident failure of both leftist and rightist governments to stem the rising wave of unemployment , a growing part of the French and German electorates no longer seems to believe in traditional solutions .
Thus , there is a growing convergence between Chinese and G-7 economic policy , born of the need to compensate for massive failures in US financial regulation and monetary policy .
If we merely add new institutions to EU countries ' already Byzantine arrangements , we will fail to address the effectiveness , flexibility , and smoothness of information transfer through the EU-level supervisory system .
The new regulatory model also fails to address a persistent weakness of the single European financial market : how to pay the costs -LRB- or `` share the burden '' -RRB- when a multinational bank fails .
That is a nice idea , but it is half-baked : it fails to specify which taxpayers should be on the hook if something goes wrong and savers want their money back , as with the Icelandic banks in the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , or even Switzerland .
Khidhir Hamza , a former advisor to the Iraqi Atomic Energy Organization and former Director of Iraq 's Nuclear Weapons Program , explains how and why the UN inspections failed .
Faced with reports of their failure to cooperate with the heads of the two UN inspection teams , the Iraqis have abandoned their description of the inspectors as independent professionals .
Most shockingly , the inspector 's reports failed to state clearly and unequivocally that Iraq remains unwilling to disarm .
These gentlemen inspectors fail to understand a fundamental point : to disarm a thuggish , murderous regime you need strict enforcement .
Meanwhile , the EU has failed to deliver fully on aid and trade pledges to Turkish Cypriots .
Just over a year ago , the Finnish EU presidency failed to break the gridlock over the Cyprus trade issue , illustrating again the limited value of trying to agree partial solutions and `` confidence-building '' measures .
For Greek Cypriots , the failure of Turkey 's accession talks in this way would also end any chance of resolving the Cyprus problem .
But it fails to provide a solid -LRB- or particularly admirable -RRB- foundation upon which to base America 's role in the world in the 21
The failure of states , especially those artificially constructed by great powers after wars or cobbled together by older colonial powers , is becoming a serious international issue and promises to remain so .
Governments provide these `` guarantees '' when they bail out failing banks ; central banks when they commit to peg an exchange rate ; the international community when it provides financial rescue packages to countries in trouble .
But it appears as if Russia has failed to understand or , in fact , to genuinely take notice of any of this .
Communism , we are told , was only one of the dead ends of Western rationalism ; therefore , it was sufficient to wait passively for it to fail .
It is not the innocent victims of repression who are losing their dignity , but rather the international community , whose failure to act means watching helplessly as the victims are consigned to their fate .
The world 's dictators , of course , know exactly what to make of the international community 's failure of will and inability to coordinate effective measures .
Burma 's rulers have failed in their duty to protect the Burmese people , but active and decisive political action by the international community towards the regime may yet do so .
In permitting the murder of people whose only purpose is the preservation of human dignity , Russia is losing its hope for a better future . At the very least , the Russian authorities are failing in the central task of any government : to protect the lives and physical safety of all its citizens .
Meanwhile , the administration of President Yanukovych proclaims its willingness to join the EU , but has failed to introduce the changes needed to meet the qualifying criteria .
The attempted assassination in Jeddah last month of Prince Muhammad bin Nayef , the deputy interior minister for security affairs , demonstrates both elements of the Saudi strategy , and how a bold attempt by Al-Qaeda to revive its fortunes has failed .
To an outsider , the episode looks like a colossal security failure , as if the head of the FBI personally greeted one of Bin Laden 's lieutenants at a garden party .
In the last two years , Al-Qaeda 's increasing failures in the Kingdom have forced the surviving members to regroup across the border in Yemen .
Schröders failures are less connected with his personal qualities and politics than is often assumed .
It , too , failed to carry out health care and pension reforms even if resistance at that time came from different interest groups .
`` Copenhagen 1 '' was always bound to fail , partly because -- and this may sound strange at first -- it is all about climate change .
When asked why they failed to include this facility in their declaration of nuclear programs , North Korean officials responded cheerfully -- and absurdly -- that it had been built from scratch only after the collapse of the nuclear negotiations in 2008 .
Ground troops ultimately proved unnecessary , but failure was not an option .
What is new is the possibility that NATO will fail .
The administration arguably devoted most of its counterterrorism efforts not to law enforcement operations , but into `` war '' in Muslim lands because it failed to keep a cool head in the immediate aftermath of the attacks on New York and Washington .
The plight of these victims long went unrecognized , as governments and the international community alike failed to acknowledge their rights to protection and assistance .
The failure to subsequent non-discovereither y of weapons of mass destruction , or connections with Al-Qaeida , have both been shrugged off by George Bush and his neo-conservative cabal .
This question still echoes through the decades , and the many answers have dwelled not only on military failings , but on broader questions concerning Arab political , economic , cultural , and technological development .
But looking back on the 1970 's and 1980 's , the socioeconomic failures of the despotic regimes that embodied this worldview are glaringly obvious .
This bilateral initiative comes on the heels of a decade in which America abstained from international efforts to address climate change , concerned that if it acts but China does n't , the world will fail to meet its emission-reduction targets and US industry will be disadvantaged .
Keeping the pound does not mean that we oppose the Euro , or hope for its failure .
No amount of `` transformation '' or `` partnerships '' or anything else will matter much if NATO fails for the first time in its history -- even if that failure is not of its own making .
In this quintessential `` failed state , '' this sort of elders ' wisdom may be the only option to start dealing with the quagmire created by the lawlessness that has gripped the country since the departure of the dictator Said Barre in 1991 .
During the last fifty years , repeated attempts by reform-oriented elements to open up Saudi Arabia 's society and polity had failed .
The first time , they gained a governing plurality , put their slogans into practice , and failed to maintain their popular support .
If we Indonesians had not been in charge of our own transition , it could easily have failed .
The existence of these health benefits implies a dramatic reduction in the net cost of taking strong action to mitigate climate change -- which means that failure to understand their importance could have serious environmental consequences .
This achievement contrasts starkly with all the critical voices that warned against the experiment of European Monetary Union and even predicted its early failure .
He was convinced that monetary union in Europe was doomed to fail .
Countries tempted to undermine these principles by failing to fulfill their solemn commitments only demonstrate their own lack of solidarity .
Regardless of whether the referendum succeeds or fails , and regardless of the details of the constitutional text , what is most important is the establishment of constitutional processes and institutions in Iraq , before and after the referendum .
McCain 's advisors would do well to consider a historical precedent : the failed British attempt at World War I 's close to maintain a long-term military presence in Iraq .
Moreover , a common monetary policy combined with independent fiscal policy is bound to fail : the former increases unemployment in weaker economies because the interest rate reflects average eurozone indicators -LRB- with large weights on Germany and France -RRB- , but keeps borrowing costs low enough that weak economies ' governments can finance fiscal profligacy .
But two connected and major challenges lie ahead for Brazil and its government : the need to build a far more equal society and to resist the temptation to use nationalism to mask whatever domestic failures may manifest themselves .
The question is a legitimate one , because when African initiatives fail , they usually fail because of a lack of political will to follow through on commitments and declarations .
But West Europeans remember their own traumas , including electricity grid failures and widespread blackouts .
Would n't an Italian company facing grid failure prefer to shut down French rather than Italian consumers ?
First , private sector solutions have been tried but have failed in a breathtakingly short space of time .
The most frequent consolation in this failure is that a really bad crisis is purgative .
The 1840 's witnessed the last big famine in traditional rural Europe , owing to crop failures across most of the continent .
The agricultural failure was sufficient to produce a major downturn for everyone else .
Regulatory and supervisory functions will be handled -- as they have been in the wake of the credit crunch -- by intensified testing of responses to hypothetical situations -LRB- the failure of a big counter-party , a geo-political upheaval , etc. -RRB- .
And , like any quest for certainty in our unpredictable world , it was doomed to failure .
That , in turn , merely drove down prices further , leading to more credit rationing , bankruptcies , and bank failures .
By an unfortunate coincidence , the Macmillan Committee produced its report on July 13 , 1931 , the day that Germany 's most dynamic universal bank , the Darmstädter Bank , failed .
The participants at the 2009 summit may not visit the Geological Museum , but they will have to deal with the specter of conferences past , for the failure in 1933 offers important lessons for our current leaders .
First , as with the G-20 summit , everyone expected the London Conference to fail .
Finally , faced by a realization of inevitable failure , participants look for a scapegoat .
Franklin Roosevelt was already taking vigorous action against the depression , and was trying to reorder the failed US banking system .
The alibis for failure are also already prepared .
In the 1930 's , it was the autocratic and belligerent governments of Germany and Japan that could derive the most capital from the failure of the London conference .
Leading bankers were initially the most obvious culprits . They presided over institutions that made large profits for a substantial period of time by mispricing risk , and then argued for public support on the grounds that they were too big to fail .
When incomprehension no longer produces new heights of prosperity , but rather economic collapse and failure , it is not surprising that it turns to anger .
Economic historian Harold James sets the Bush economic strategy in its historical context and hears dangerous echoes of past American failures .
And bank bailouts , involving the direct use of public money to recapitalize failing institutions , are even more costly and politically unpopular .
The crisis that began in 2007 originated in the sub-prime mortgage sector in the United States , and in US banks that were `` too big to fail , '' prompting many observers at the outset to predict the end of American financial capitalism .
As a result , the big transnational institutions are lobbying hard for a pan-European approach to banking supervision and regulation -LRB- and implicitly for fiscal bailouts should that supervision and regulation fail -RRB- .
The argument of the 1930 's was cast less in terms of banks that were `` too big to fail '' than as a response to the faulty advice that banks had offered their clients .
There is also an ominous resemblance to Italy in 1992 , when both major parties of the previous 40 years , the Christian Democrats and the Communists , simply melted away in a mixture of corruption and intellectual failure .
FLORENCE -- The stress tests applied to American banks last year are widely credited with restoring financial stability in the United States and removing the fear that major financial institutions might fail .
It was the complete collapse of trade credit that sent global commerce into a tailspin for half a year after the failure of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 .
Indeed , financial stress tests -- designed to estimate the likelihood of bank failures in the event of bad economic news -- are intended to be the equivalent of cardiac stress tests . And , like most cardiac stress tests , the primary aim is to reassure .
Only one German bank , the notoriously mismanaged Hypo Real Estate , which had already required massive state help , failed .
As with heart attacks , the acute stage is usually followed by stabilization , in which banks are recapitalized and the fear of immediate failure wanes .
In a famous analysis of the Great Depression , the economic historian Charles Kindleberger argued that it arose from a failure of world leadership .
Snowden was worried that any attempt by the British government to borrow would fail , which would constitute an `` admission of national bankruptcy . ''
The major question today should be whether the failure of capital markets -LRB- and the implications for government debt -RRB- after 2007 has been as severe as during the Great Depression .
But , in the aftermath of the financial crisis , policymakers are too pre-occupied by the real problems posed by too-big-to-fail banks , and too terrified by the potential collapse of weaker banks , to allow such a solution .
Simultaneous revolutions swept Europe in 1848 , in the aftermath of crop failures whose most notorious manifestation was the Irish famine .
Indeed , one characteristic sign of economic vitality is the frequency of bankruptcy , for business failures indicate a willingness to gamble and take risks on innovation .
The IMF was given a privileged legal position , and only devastated and wrecked `` failed states '' such as Sudan would default on loans from the Fund .
A leftover Soviet distrust of outsiders colors many opinions , and there 's an oft-repeated claim that the culture is different : an intervention that works in the West might fail in the East .
Moreover , mines , bombs , and grenades that failed to explode during combat often continue to render areas inaccessible both for humans and larger animals long after a war ends .
Pemex tried to put a device called a `` sombrero '' over the Ixtoc leak to collect the oil at the ocean floor , but the plan failed because the structure could not be kept in place .
But what Orwell failed to predict is that China 's government has accomplished this with the help of Western democracies .
Although much of the world recognizes that it is in economic competition with China , it often fails to see that it is also in moral competition with China .
And Japan has so far failed to live up to its treaty obligations to clean up between 700,000 and two million chemical weapons that were abandoned in China by the Japanese army at the end of World War II , another potential flash point if any of these weapons causes casualties in China .
And Kanjorski probably is right that not much would be required . `` If just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers -LRB- to break up too-big-to-fail banks -RRB- just once , '' he says , `` it will send a powerful message , '' one that would `` significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more . ''
In a nutshell : Ireland 's policymakers failed to supervise their banks , and watched -LRB- or cheered -RRB- from the sidelines as a debt-fueled spending binge generated the `` Celtic miracle , '' whereby Ireland grew faster than all other EU members and Dublin real estate became some of the most expensive in the world .
From the perspective of international investors , banks that are `` too big to fail '' are the perfect places to park their reserves -- as long as the sovereign in question remains solvent .
They are right that Fannie and Freddie were `` too big to fail , '' which enabled them to borrow more cheaply and take on more risk -- with too little equity funding to back up their exposure .
The irony is that the crisis of 1997-1998 was one in which a particular system of exchange-rate pegs failed when capital flowed out .
Countries borrowed from the IMF only under duress , when all else failed -- and when there was simply no other way to pay for essential imports .
The government is running budget deficits of 10 % of GDP , despite having cut public-sector wages , and now plans further cuts to service failed banks ' debt .
The Eternal Life of America 's Megabanks WASHINGTON , DC -- The world economy faces a major problem : the largest banks in the United States remain `` too big to fail , '' meaning that if one or more of them were in serious trouble , they would be saved by government action -- because the consequences of inaction are just too scary .
Even Jamie Dimon , the powerful head of the very large JP Morgan Chase , emphasizes that `` too big to fail '' must end .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's proposed approach to ending `` too big to fail '' -- now taken up by the US Congress -- will not work .
Think about the critical moment of decision -- when a megabank , like JP Morgan Chase -LRB- with a balance sheet of roughly $ 2 trillion -RRB- , may be on the brink of failure .
This is exactly what happened when Lehman Brothers failed in September 2008 , and what happened when AIG was taken over by the US government -LRB- actually in a resolution-type structure , with losses implied for creditors -RRB- two days later .
The failure of such a bank could be managed in a more orderly fashion by using a cross-border resolution authority .
Responsible policymakers in other G-20 countries are very clear on this point : no one will agree ex ante to a specific way of handling the failure of any global bank .
At the moment when JP Morgan Chase -- or any of America 's six largest banks -- fails , the choice will be just like that of September 2008 : do you rescue the bank in question or do you let it fail , and face likely chaos in markets and a potential re-run of the Great Depression ?
And of course the credit markets know this , so they lend more cheaply to JP Morgan Chase and other megabanks than to smaller banks that really can fail .
Senator Dodd 's bill , as currently drafted , will not end `` too big to fail . ''
Senator Carl Levin , chairman of the subcommittee that heard their testimony , evidently seeing eye to eye with Kaufman , was just as tough after a year-long investigation of Washington Mutual , Goldman , and the abject failures of bank regulators and credit rating agencies .
His concerns appear to have been vindicated by the 20-minute shutdown of trading in New York on May 6 , when the stock market completely failed in its most basic function : price discovery between buyers and sellers .
Kaufman 's lasting legacy will be a simple and powerful idea that reasonable people increasingly find to be self-evident : relying on deregulation and self-interest in today 's complex , opaque markets will manifestly fail to produce a reasonable allocation of capital or support entrepreneurship and growth .
The protection that was extended to banks and other financial institutions since summer 2007 , and more comprehensively since the failure of Lehman Brothers and AIG in September 2008 , sends a simple signal .
This expectation lowers the cost of credit for megabanks today -LRB- relative to their competitors , which are small enough that they are more likely to be allowed to fail -RRB- .
This type of extreme financial incentive is particularly true in some countries like Belgium or the Netherlands with easily accessible early retirement schemes - schemes which , to boot , often fail to adjust benefit levels to offset their longer duration .
But even leaving aside the fiscal implications , many labor economists now believe that early retirement has failed to open up jobs for young people and reduce unemployment rates .
Indeed , the `` secret '' of the hydrogen bomb was published in 1979 in an article by Howard Morland in The Progressive magazine , sparking a failed legal suit by the US government to suppress it .
Perhaps frustrated by his failure to find factual errors in my reporting , the author of the report offered some editorial comments that epitomized the flawed thinking on which the war rested . I had been unaware , he thought , of some extenuating factors for the destruction I witnessed .
Now as then , the issue is whether the US is able to fail in a war without becoming unhinged .
But do the recent suicide attack on the Bagram air base outside of Kabul , a key United States military installation in Afghanistan , and the failed car bombing in New York City 's Times Square mean that the `` war on terror '' -LRB- a phrase that the Obama administration has deliberately sought to avoid -RRB- has reignited ?
Analyzing the failed Times Square bombing , Ambassador Zafar Hilaly , a well-respected former Pakistani diplomat , wrote `` that nowhere else today have so many armed foreign outlaws been able to use the territory of a sovereign state to wage war for so long , and with such impunity , against other countries .
The failed Times Square attack demonstrates the TTP 's growing transnational ambitions -LRB- but also that the group 's reach exceeds its grasp , at least for now -RRB- .
Given this analysis , however , Obama 's `` Afghanistan-oriented '' policy is doomed to failure .
Nevertheless , the effort to preempt American strategy clearly failed , as new UN sanctions were implemented earlier this month .
Among the issues raised at the Copenhagen climate conference last December was the EU member states ' failure to perfect a post-Kyoto international system for fighting global warming .
But the agreement fails to specify who will undertake what costs .
If not , we must bear in mind the warning of the Stern Report that failure to act now would make taking action in the future much more costly .
And if my own country , France , has failed to set a good example to developing countries by equivocating over the terms of a carbon tax , then perhaps the time has come for its national carbon footprint to be linked with the European trading system for CO2 .
For example , trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good , and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources .
But this effort at intimidation failed , and Gul won .
During World War I , on the other hand , Japan was blinded by its eagerness to protect small but immediate benefits , and failed to appreciate what a true `` matter of national importance '' was .
With almost daily terrorist attacks , ordinary citizens victimized by shell and gunfire or misconceived bombing , the abuses of Iraqi prisoners , and the hostility of Iraq 's Shiites - on whom the US had pinned high hopes for the peace process - American policy is in jeopardy of failure .
The question for Japan is this : what will happen , both in Iraq and in the world , if America withdraws in failure ?
But these complaints fail a vital diplomatic test - preservation of national dignity , prestige , and the honor of one 's citizens .
Indeed , the failure to suggest any possibility of an `` emergency expansion '' of the SDF compounds this anxiety .
But now Japan 's political and economic influence in South East Asia is gradually declining , owing in part to its failure to exert influence over security and defense matters .
Russians should not lose heart ; but unless we understand the reasons for these failures , and make drastic corrections to our foreign policy , we are doomed to continue suffering defeats and losing status and influence , if not worse .
When Putin was dragged in to cover up the mess , an ordinary failure turned into a total fiasco .
This approach accounts for the failure of Dmitri Kozak 's plan for resolving the situation in Moldova 's breakaway Trans-Dniester region , as well as for the ludicrous state of affairs that has arisen in Georgia 's separatist Abkhazia region .
Russia 's ruling elite is increasingly failing to measure up to Russia 's capabilities and needs .
As our failures mount , we snarl and blame others , or construct imaginary plans for countering the great powers .
The US failed to unleash some new form of Cold War after the South Ossetian episode , not least because of the global financial and economic crisis .
But if the two countries fail to overcome their bad old habits of mutual suspicion , their remaining -- quite powerful -- nuclear arsenals will continue to serve deterrence and self-deterrence .
Attempts to have Europe speak with one voice obviously failed .
If Russia and the other countries that opposed America 's Iraq policy in the Security Council really wanted to convince the US not to attack Iraq and to defend international law , it was a naive policy doomed to failure .
This has not been properly understood in the West , which has been fighting the symptoms of terrorism , but has failed to attack its underlying causes .
Are the IMF and the World Bank actually willing to reconsider their failed policies ?
If the Security Council fails to authorize action , those of us determined to protect Libyan civilians will face a more difficult choice should the violence escalate .
An Old Problem on China 's New Frontier WARSAW -- Had the August 1991 putsch against Mikhail Gorbachev not failed , the riots and death recently seen in Xinjiang could have been taking place in Russia .
One seemingly unrelated event to watch : in the week before the presidential vote , Iran will play two critical football matches as part of the qualifying round for the 2010 World Cup . If Iran fails to qualify , this could turn some young voters against the incumbent .
At a time when the Islamic Republic has failed in its economic and political promises to the Iranian people , the regime 's most glaring weakness may prove to be the absence of a credible religious authority that can justify its shortcomings .
Both failed , because Iran 's presidents do not run the country .
Indeed , some analysts argue that former President Bill Clinton 's efforts to achieve a breakthrough with Iran failed because they were addressed to Iran 's presidents .
As president , he faced criticism from reformists for his failure to resist a range of powerful groups that sabotaged economic reform and improvement in Iran 's relations with the west .
He is doomed to fail .
But the Islamic Republic 's history is littered with its presidents ' failed attempts to consolidate an independent power center .
Ahmadinejad and his faction face a two-edged problem : Khamenei has boxed them in politically , while rampant economic corruption and failed efforts at reform have disillusioned many of the president 's supporters .
Ahmadinejad is well aware that if he succeeds in portraying himself as someone who -- in opposition to the Supreme Leader 's will -- wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for his economic failures and gain him some new supporters .
Unfortunately , most of the political parties have failed to stand up for the democratic process .
But , more importantly , no military dictator can succeed where Musharraf has so clearly failed .
When both governments and markets fail , impact investors can stimulate change .
In the wake of the latest crisis , Georgia seems poised to join the rogue gallery of the world 's failed states , places where the only law is chaos .
For within Russia , President Putin does appear to be an isolated island , at least among the Russian elite who have singularly failed to embrace his decision to anchor Russia firmly to the West .
If the Russian-Western alliance fails to bring tangible benefits to Russia soon , there is a growing fear that the loss of confidence in Putin may weaken him fatally .
Better to stick to a tried and failed policy than to upset the apple cart , even if the apples were rotten .
Where Putin has failed is in fostering democratic governance .
The reformist `` Union of Right Forces , '' led by Boris Nemtsov and Anatoly Chubais , destroyed itself last December , failing to gain a seat in the Duma .
So , when Yeltsin 's American-style democratization of the 1990 's failed to bring `` orderly '' capitalism instantly , Putin on his accession imposed a restoration of state `` order , '' as if a stable political or economic system demanded a fusing of the Soviet past with the Orthodox Church and Mother Russia imagery .
Bush and Putin both came to power in 2000 , a year when their countries were scrambling to regain international respect , Russia from the chaos of the Yeltsin years and the US from the failed impeachment of President Clinton .
In this , Putin 's arrogance is failing Russia miserably .
Everyone can now see the gross and historic failures of the Bush presidency .
By June 1991 , after quashing a series of challenges to his leadership , he became the first elected president of Russia ; two months later , real power fell into his hands , after the failed putsch against Gorbachev of August 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the Soviet Union 's disintegration .
Indeed , Berezovsky intended to continue ruling the country from behind the scenes , first as Yeltsin 's health failed in the final months of his presidency , and then by controlling the successor he had helped to choose .
Medvedev 's promises to modernize the feudal conditions of Russia 's army also set him apart , given the absolute failure of military reform during the Putin era .
Reliance on natural resources and military capabilities has proven a failure .
Will Medvedev succeed where all others have failed ?
Since Putin did not formally take sides over what would happen to Luzhkov , had Medvedev 's campaign against Moscow 's former mayor failed , the president would have found himself without a job in 2012 .
What is new , in Russia at least , is the emergence of organized resistance to this failed paradigm .
As a result , the CD has failed to make any substantive progress for 15 years .
History will judge us harshly if we fail to live up to these commitments .
Should the talks fail , the side that behaves in an uncompromising manner will bear full responsibility for dividing the island forever .
Moreover , failure to resolve the Cyprus issue would deadlock already strained security cooperation between NATO and the EU .
Neither the US nor the EU can afford another failure in Cyprus . There is simply too much at stake .
Having engaged Turkey in the accession process , the EU appears to have abandoned Turkey , failing to live up to its decades-old commitment -- made by Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer -- to negotiate Turkish membership in the Union in good faith .
Although 25 countries officially stated their support for proven methods such as needle exchange and overdose prevention , the summit 's outcome was a watered-down political declaration that fails to acknowledge crucial lessons that have been learned over the last decade .
Instead of signaling a new way forward for international drug policy , the Vienna declaration represents the same , failed politics of the past .
Addressing drug use through criminalization and rehabilitation centers does nothing to curb demand , however , and usage rates have failed to decline .
China appears to have seen the standoff over the Senkaku Islands as a test of wills -- a test Kan 's government failed abysmally .
Its recent shelling of South Korea suggests that the failing Kim dynasty might set East Asia alight rather than undertake any serious reform .
Economic failure , chronic food shortages , mounting public distrust of and animosity toward Kim 's government , and an apparent reluctance within elements of the North Korean military to go to war all point to the regime 's increasing fragility .
And , while the people of Japan were grateful for Taiwan 's unexpected generosity , the Japanese government failed to offer any thanks , despite running advertisements in major newspapers expressing gratitude for the relief sent from other countries .
But in 1993 , having failed to gain control of the party , he bolted , along with 45 other Diet members to create the Shinsei Party , supposedly to press for electoral reform .
Such a unified voice is needed , for six years of war and the biggest military operation in NATO 's history have failed to subdue the Afghan insurgency , leaving President Hamid Karzai 's increasingly corrupt government dependent on the continued presence of international forces .
Public support for Europe 's engagement has been plummeting , and most EU governments have failed to act on NATO 's request to boost troop levels . One exception is the United Kingdom , which has recently pledged to increase its troop numbers in the restive poppy-growing province of Helmand .
The US has argued that more troops are needed to dominate the terrain , lambasting EU governments for failing to step up their efforts as the US commits 3500 additional marines to the fray .
The story of Western failure in Afghanistan is now all too familiar , painfully illustrated , almost weekly , by the repatriation of fallen NATO soldiers .
If American policy has failed to deal with this growing problem , European policy has focused on technical assistance , with the European Union providing ¤ 125 million in aid between 2002 and 2006 .
An early sign was the failure of `` Operation Eagle Claw '' to rescue US hostages in Iran in 1980 .
Similarly , any attempt to increase the money supply by lowering interest rates would fail as long as the exchange rate between the renminbi and dollar remains fixed .
Likewise , France 's economic growth is waning not because France has failed to undertake necessary structural reforms , but because European interest rates are too high .
Just because European governments have failed to put bread on their constituents ' tables does n't mean that the European Central Bank should likewise fail in its job of promoting price stability in the euro zone .
Blame-game politicians like Berlusconi , who have failed to put bread on the table , their minions in the media , and Keynesian economic professors who do n't understand and misrepresent Keynes sustain this distorted view .
Second , while the shame of New Orleans could never happen in Europe , European social solidarity nonetheless is failing lower-income groups by not sufficiently delivering to them the benefits of economic growth .
Alas , there has been only persistent talk of failure -- to achieve political union , to adopt a constitution , to exercise global leadership and vision , to implement economic reforms , and the list of laments goes on .
In a recent speech to the French defense industry , Sarkozy conspicuously failed to repeat the pledge , instead warning that he soon might cut France 's defense budget .
China Development Bank also made an investment in Barclays to bolster its bid for ABN AMRO which , though it failed , helped the Dutch bank get the full value for its assets .
So far , Europe 's politicians have resisted reform , and scarcely an opportunity went by that Wim Duisenberg did n't scold Europe 's politicians for this failure .
According to Nout Wellink , president of the Dutch Central Bank , failure to satisfactorily settle this issue could have serious negative consequences for the euro .
Yet , after last week 's Brussels summit ended in failure , the Germans and their French allies are talking up a `` two-speed '' Europe , with the so-called `` pioneer group '' of Germany , France , Italy , and the Benelux countries -- Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg -- going faster and pursuing deeper integration projects than the others .
Now , after the failure to endorse the draft EU constitution , Schroeder bitterly complains that `` some nations are representing their national interests and have left the European idea behind . ''
The ruling right-leaning coalition -LRB- with `` Solidarity '' roots -RRB- is such a failure and the centrist Union of Freedom is so well known and ineffective , that people support the postcommunists simply because they have been in opposition for four years and might -LRB- just might -RRB- behave differently .
Indeed , there is little goodwill towards Kosovo 's government in the Serb-dominated North -LRB- Ibarski Kola¨in -RRB- , partly because it failed to prevent the area from being overrun with criminal gangs .
As they emerged on the political stage , the left was failing : the economy did not improve , unemployment remained high , and the SLD , which attracted all kinds of riffraff , became mired in corruption scandals .
As markets failed , calls for ethical regulation of the quest for profit has become justified not only in principle , but also in fact .
With diplomacy having failed to curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions , critics of engagement charge , it is time to resort to coercion before Iran crosses the nuclear Rubicon .
As harsh Israeli actions fail to deter Palestinians , Israel seems to raise the stakes , hoping that even harsher , more inhuman acts might bring the Palestinians to heel .
Assuming that the Bush administration is serious in its current efforts , the US must have a Plan B in case the talks fail .
Unlike former President Bill Clinton , who blamed Yassir Arafat for the failure of the Camp David talks in 2000 , the Bush administration must honor its commitment not to point fingers or allow either side to use failure to advance its strategic goals .
For example , Israel 's harsh policies to confront the 1987 intifada , coupled with the boycott of the PLO by oil-rich Arab countries -LRB- because of its failure to oppose Saddam Hussein 's occupation of Kuwait -RRB- formed a potent reality check for the Palestinian leadership .
The late Haider Abdel Shafi repeatedly stated one of the major problems in the Oslo Accords , namely that it did n't secure the halt of settlement expansion in the interim period or if the final status talks failed .
They argue that the positions acceptable in Taba -LRB- following the failure of Camp David II -RRB- must be the basis of any agreement , and that what needs to be negotiated now is the timetable for implementation .
Fears abound among Palestinians of another spasm of violence if no agreement is reached before Annapolis and this round of talks fails .
While the 1987 Intifada brought about the Oslo process and the return of the PLO leadership , it failed to produce a real economy in Gaza .
The escalating spiral of violence by Israel and Gazan militants indicates not only that deterrence is failing , but also that its effectiveness depends on adherence to fundamental standards of morality .
Israeli assassination campaigns against militants have merely led to further escalation on the Palestinian side . Indeed , every time Israel 's deterrence efforts fail to produce the desired result , it ratchets up the siege in the hope that this will deliver some kind of knockout punch .
This conception of deterrence failed in Lebanon in 2006 , with Israel forced to accept a UN-sponsored cease-fire agreement , and it is no more likely to succeed in Gaza .
But , for both sides , as well as external powers , the events of 1948 and what has followed -- the occupation since 1967 of the remaining lands of historic Palestine -- represents a tragic failure .
Israel is most at fault for this failure , owing to its continued military occupation and illegal settlements .
Palestinians were so locked in their opposition to Zionism that they were unable to appreciate the Jews ' existential needs , just as they failed to appreciate the effects of indiscriminate acts of violence against Israeli civilians .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
With each approach , Palestinian leaders , believing Arab states ' hollow proclamations of solidarity with their cause , have failed to measure accurately their own powers vis-à-vis the Israelis .
Yet , despite history 's long train of failures , Hamas 's June 2007 seizure of control of Gaza , and its pariah status in the West , we are repeatedly told by the US that 2008 will be the year of a peace agreement .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
The last failed promise by President George W. Bush came at Annapolis in late 2007 , when he vowed that an independent , viable , and contiguous Palestinian state would be created before the end of his term .
The shifting age and geographic location of the Fatah membership was the reason for the failure of some of Fatah 's historic leaders , such as Ahmad Qureia and Intisar Wazir , the widow of the late Abu Jihad .
The delegates overwhelmingly agreed that the movement must keep open the option of returning underground if negotiations for statehood fail , while being ready to become a political party if a Palestinian state is born .
Eventually , world pressure subsides and the freeze fails to materialize .
Baker 's efforts eventually led to the Madrid peace conference in 1991 , but that , too , failed to resolve the conflict .
Such a US declaration -LRB- if it declares Israel at fault -RRB- would give Palestinians the opportunity to declare the talks a failure and thus move toward a unilateral declaration of statehood in the hope that the world community will recognize such a state .
When Palestinians asked Mitchell for assurances that the US would support such a statehood declaration if talks failed , Mitchell responded that such a commitment would make negotiations pointless .
The public Madrid talks failed to bring about any breakthroughs , whereas the much more secretive Oslo channel brought about the PLO-Israel agreement .
What worried Arafat was the possibility of failure and the potential of a blame game if the talks did n't produce the desired goal .
Clinton , who was embroiled in domestic problems , badly needed an international success , and assured Arafat that fingers would not be pointed at either party if the talks failed .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000 .
It is precisely the failure to apply these values in areas such as Palestine or Iraq that has made -- and can still make -- countless Arabs vehemently anti-American .
Jordan , a US ally and one of the two Arab countries with a peace agreement with Israel , previously failed to secure the release of its 30 prisoners . They are now likely to be the first ones set free .
Not only corrupt , but a notorious traitor to consecutive masters , Talleyrand was said to have failed to sell his own mother only because there were no takers .
The war in Iraq did not delay the Union 's `` big bang '' enlargement , and was not the reason for the failure of referenda in France and the Netherlands on the Constitutional and Lisbon treaties .
This failing was the key reason for the Balkan tragedy of the 1990 's .
But lack of progress also reflects the EU 's failure to embrace Ukraine .
Fighting corruption is vital , not simply because it is the right thing to do , but because failing to do so affects us all .
Successive stimulus packages failed , leaving behind a massive build-up of public debt .
Not only has Hu 's administration failed to protect the rights of the poor and the oppressed , but police and government-hired thugs now frequently harass lawyers and other activists who lobby on behalf of the country 's dispossessed .
Perhaps the most revealing aspect of Hu 's rule is his failure to reform the government 's outmoded institutions .
It failed also in Crimea when Russia sought to deploy its old strategy of divide and rule there in 1991 .
But America failed to develop a coherent public rationale for its planned deployment of a system designed to destroy a missile fired by a rogue regime .
US officials assumed that it was sufficient to have the consent of the governments and failed to recognize the degree to which these countries have become increasingly `` Europeanized '' in the last decade .
For their part , the populists can rouse the masses but fail to offer alternatives .
In fact , while Bolivians demand the right to the many benefits of democracy , we fail to take seriously any obligation to contribute to the public good .
The current state of affairs fails to meet their expectations , especially when contrasted with an idealized version of the past or the new patterns of consumption portrayed in the media .
In Bolivia , the populist\/communitarian movement is in the saddle , but is failing to do much more than shelve reform projects .
In their eagerness to embrace development policies that are proven failures , all of the candidates in the presidential election scheduled for December 18 appear unaware of this risk .
A state-led developmental model in Bolivia is doomed to fail , because it requires strong institutions , universal citizenship , and the rule of law .
The other parties made it easier for him by discrediting each other , failing even to defend their own achievements over the previous 20 years .
The failure of state plans and projects is overlooked because of the small but expanding internal market , which is invigorated by de facto economic liberalism involving the growth of smuggling and drug traffic .
LA PAZ -- The populist government of Bolivian President Evo Morales seems to be heading for political failure .
The government , however , seems unwilling to recognize public dissatisfaction with its ideologically driven policies or the failure of forced industrialization .
Officials and opinion shapers must understand that this perilous state of affairs will worsen if they fail to take their responsibilities more seriously , tone down their rhetoric , and adopt a balanced approach to Israel .
Indeed , to continue to fail the world 's at-risk children is to deliver a verdict of wanton inhumanity against ourselves , for we are a knowing party to an entirely preventable mass destruction of human life .
If our key message is `` stay out of the sun forever , '' we are doomed to fail .
The 1949 communist takeover in China , the Cold War , America 's adoption of Japan as its pampered protégé , and the failure to prosecute Emperor Hirohito for war crimes , allowed Japan to avoid a moral reckoning .
In an already fragile region , a major Arab country like Iraq would most likely prompt interventions by its nervous neighbors - of which there is no shortage - if it turns into a failed state .
Were the US forced to withdraw in failure , Islamic terrorist groups would claim a historic victory , promising more bloodshed for the West .
Moreover , America might also once again retreat bitterly into isolationism , blaming her failure on the UN and on disloyal European allies .
At the very least , France and Germany are demanding that the Bush administration openly admit to its failure and the need for help .
But the failure of the referendum in France carries more serious consequences than the EDC 's rejection .
But France 's referendum result fueled other European governments ' fears that any new proposal they might put forward to re-launch the EU constitution would fail in the face of domestic and Europe-wide opposition .
Though the EU has failed to change Russia during the Putin era , Russia has had a big impact on the EU .
Appeals in the Russian courts failed , and he filed a case with the ECHR in March 2006 .
What communism failed to provide -- modern management , new technologies , and marketing know-how -- was what multinationals could offer .
Although the Party uses various means to suppress their development , the Sichuan earthquake demonstrated that it has failed to eliminate NGOs as a social force .
The draft constitution that recently failed to gain acceptance in the first round of negotiations not only promises to respect cultural heritage ; it obliges the Union actively to protect , maintain , and develop the wealth of Europe 's cultural and linguistic diversity .
Communication between members of different cultures fails so often because we know too little about one another .
A pioneering firm 's success or failure in upgrading and\/or diversifying will influence whether other firms follow or not .
In such chicken-and-egg situations , in which the market alone fails to overcome externalities and essential investments go lacking , the government can play a vital facilitating role .
But history also tells us that while governments in almost all developing countries have attempted to play that facilitating role at some point , most have failed .
These pervasive failures appear to be due mostly to governments ' inability to align their efforts with their country 's resource base and level of development .
The danger , then , is a failure to deliver the knockout blow at a time when the group appears to be disintegrating .
At the same time , these governments practice a diplomacy inspired by one idea : America 's post-Iraq hegemony is fragile , thus making profitable a policy of confrontation aimed at weakening the enemy . This explains the bizarre de facto alliance between Venezuela , Iran and Belarus , and Venezuela 's failed candidacy for a seat on the United Nations Security Council .
The sources of public administration failure include lack of professionalism in the civil service ; vague , complex , and confusing legal rules ; weak management of government finances ; poor distribution of tasks across levels of government ; lack of transparency in government processes , and the difficulty of holding officials accountable for their actions .
Some challenges fail to ignite widespread concern .
Making ever-stronger promises on top of ever more failed promises is hardly the right way forward .
Our failure to think clearly about such matters would be amusing if the potential consequences were not so serious .
But what we often fail to realize is that the story only starts here .
It is , again , worse than we thought , and , despite our failing models , we will gamble on knowing just what to do : cut CO2 emissions dramatically .
This matters , because in little more than a year , the world will sit down in Copenhagen to negotiate the follow-on treaty to the failed Kyoto Protocol .
Obama 's claim about record droughts similarly fails even on a cursory level -- the United States has in all academic estimates been getting wetter over the century -LRB- with the 1930 's `` dust bowl '' setting the drought high point -RRB- .
Yet , the way that it has been set up , it will inevitably fail .
Decades of talks have failed to make any impact on carbon emissions .
AIDS , hunger , armed conflict , and global warming compete for attention alongside government failure , malaria , and the latest natural disaster .
We are on track to being the generation that wasted decades bickering over carbon-emission cuts and failed to stop the harmful effects of warming .
But this fails to acknowledge that people will change their behavior when the environment changes .
Wherever you turn , somebody is being blamed for Copenhagen 's apparent looming failure .
The failure to meet that target will likely be even more spectacular , with emissions overshooting by about 25 % .
Rehema was divorced by her husband and disowned by her family after she failed to produce children .
The authors note that 18 years of the `` Kyoto Protocol approach '' to international climate policy have failed to produce any discernable real-world reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases .
`` The Hartwell Paper '' argues that the Kyoto approach , based as it is on past experience with relatively simple environmental problems like acid rain , was always doomed to failure .
But , as with today 's toxic assets , there was no market , and rapid disinvestment would have triggered fire-sale prices , depressing all asset values in the economy and resulting in more bank failures .
The assets either would have to be priced at far above their market value , with taxpayers thereby subsidizing the previous , failed owners , or the private bank would not have been helped at all .
Second , Europe has failed to introduce an independent European Research Council to ensure that funding is allocated on the basis of scientific merit .
The weak and diluted EU Takeover Directive , adopted after more than a decade of debate , fails to facilitate the cross-border mergers within Europe that are needed to build world champions .
Nor do we need cosmetic efforts to pursue EU-wide policies to combat the current crisis , when it is obvious that we have failed to act together .
The EU 's greater economic power still attracts other countries , but this power might lose its luster if the EU continues to disappoint them by failing to meet their expectations .
Western medicine starts from the view that human illness and death are failures to be combated .
This failure is largely responsible for the sad plight of so many Muslims .
The danger in such an approach is that decisions may not be taken , or that those that are put rhetoric ahead of substance , thereby failing to resolve fundamental political challenges .
But , given that some of the biggest challenges are the result of failed policies , pragmatism may offer a constructive way forward .
This is one reason why Mubarak 's call to hold a multi-candidate presidential election failed to galvanize Egypt 's electorate .
The critical importance of economic support in these ephemeral post-conflict moments has been underscored by both the successes and failures seen elsewhere in Africa , and around the world .
We will all ultimately pay dearly , in human and financial terms , if we fail to ensure that these peace processes lead to long-term stability for societies that have already suffered far too much , for their immediate neighbors , and for the world at large .
The solemn Communist Manifesto announced the specter of the Great Utopia haunting Europe , but failed to warn us of the bloody tyranny .
Moreover , Pakistan 's fear of vilification and failure has given birth to an increasingly paranoid brand of Islam that seeks to impose stricter controls -- on education , women 's rights , dancing , beardlessness , and sex -- and close society to all forms of modernity .
Its tragedies and failings are a result of what is happening in God 's name , not Jinnah 's .
A family 's principal `` cultural capital '' is its honor , which is ensured by denying women any opportunity to highlight male failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability .
Governments and international aid organizations have failed to take into consideration the role of Farhang , perhaps because the power of unwritten law remains largely inconceivable in the West .
The wanton cruelty there is all too clearly symptomatic of a systemic failure .
Was it a failure of discipline and training - the result of sending inexperienced and unworldly reservists into poor conditions , abruptly extending their deployments , and then leaving them understaffed in the face of a growing influx of captured insurgents ?
All of us knew that a failed interrogation could mean being dropped from the course .
In the end , the politics of ambiguity may fail Rumsfeld ; all those high-resolution photographs from Abu Ghraib are anything but ambiguous .
One key element is setting a price on carbon emissions , which would address the massive market failure resulting from the fact that products and services that involve emissions of greenhouse gases do not reflect the cost of the damage that they cause through climate change .
It fails , for example , to take into account the hostile strategic culture against the US -- and against US strategic goals in the Asian and Pacific regions -- that has long been ingrained within the PLA .
But if lotteries , subsidies , and other devices fail to control tax evasion , the Chinese have another method : the death penalty .
When these policies fail , citizens hold mayors responsible .
As with deposit insurance , repurchase agreements solve the coordination failure problem because depositors know that , even if they wait , the bank will be able to accommodate their withdrawals .
Yet , amid too many continuing conflicts and failing peace processes around the world , a success story deserves to be recognized and supported .
Conversely , should the DPJ gain a simple majority , its inexperienced government will immediately have to cope with the same intractable policy issues that the LDP failed to confront .
Even if Kan had failed to win the upper-house election , the mandarins would have faced a weakened DPJ .
It will invariably recycle retired and failed politicians and be a way station for vast patronage .
Suitable control systems should be put in place to stop and correct any failure to meet the established rules by any means necessary , including suspension of membership or exclusion of culprit countries .
But it should have been obvious from the outset that the IMF\/World Bank strategy was doomed to fail .
Another lesson concerns Africa 's failed political leadership .
It is customary to link Africa 's failures to slavery and colonization , and no one can deny such claims .
It was obvious from the outset that the IMF\/World Bank strategy was doomed to fail .
By contrast , sub-Saharan Africa 's historical legacy of artificial and unmanageable colonial boundaries , ethnic antagonisms , its citizens ' deficit of self-respect , and an appalling record of leadership failures has hampered its quest for economic integration .
Unfortunately , failure to implement policies based on genuine respect for this perspective plunged Sudan into its second costly North-South war , fueled the violent conflicts in Western and Eastern Sudan , and created the possibility of the South 's secession .
When they fail to live up to their commitments , they fail in their duty to the consumers and businesses that stand to benefit .
It restrains excessive credit expansion during booms , while reducing the risk of bank failure or a much diminished capital base in recessions , thereby enabling bank lending to kick-start a sustainable recovery .
We need to strike a balance between regulation to correct the failings that we have witnessed and the need to preserve dynamic and innovative banks and markets .
After 50 years , many elements of the original vision have been achieved , some have failed , and there have been more than a few surprises .
Of course , it is always morally reprehensible , even when it fails to produce lasting psychiatric symptoms .
Neither democracy nor markets are seen by most Russians as absolute values , because they have failed to deliver either prosperity or security .
Moreover , Blanchard fails to note that the preference for leisure is not gender-neutral .
Yet the indictment 's failure to mention violence against women is a `` huge shock '' to the victims , according to Congolese human rights organizations .
It has brought hope to millions of patients suffering from previously fatal organ failure .
This system , which allows organs to be harvested also from refusers who have failed to express their refusal , has not increased trust in medicine , either .
Diplomats and policy analysts are generally agreed that key elements of the failed constitution will be rescued from the wreckage and turned into something along the lines of the `` mini-treaty '' that Nicolas Sarkozy , the front-runner in the French presidential race , proposed last autumn at a Friends of Europe meeting in Brussels .
The Union 's failure so far to respond adequately to the crisis engulfing the Arab world is sharpening knives in foreign ministries across Europe .
Europe 's governments are now much criticized for propping up autocratic Arab regimes , but their real failure has been one of omission : the lack of economic cooperation and development assistance offered to the region .
Even before the clouds of recession began to gather , Euroskepticism was on the rise , with the Commission blamed , rightly or wrongly , for the EU 's failure `` to reach out to the citizen . ''
Fortunately , their propaganda campaign has been a failure .
Those negotiations failure are generally attributed to India and the United States , but most observers seem to agree that America 's responsibility was greater .
Unfortunately , however , government leaders have apparently learned nothing from the lessons of the failed Lisbon Agenda . Indeed , the current plans seem doomed to fail for two reasons .
In fact , the Competitiveness Pact 's failure even to mention the Europe 2020 strategy , which EU leaders enacted less than a year ago as a blueprint for economic development , reinforces the impression of uncoordinated , ad hoc , and downright erratic policymaking that is heavy on theatrics and light on implementation .
The horrible truth is that failure to eradicate the root causes of terrorism is almost certain to extend the Age of Terrorism , it is not clear that they really can be eradicated .
If G-20 leaders fail to accept that responsibility , and instead choose the path of economic nationalism , the future could look bleak .
After eight years of compromised American leadership , a botched war of choice in Iraq , failure to take the lead in global efforts to address climate change , Abu Ghraib , Guantánamo Bay , running up a $ 10 trillion debt , and igniting a global financial crisis -- America 's once-glittering model has lost a good deal of its luster and America 's leadership has been questioned by many .
By failing to reach out meaningfully to the Tamil-speaking minority , and by cracking down on opposition voices and any kind of dissent in Sri Lanka , the government is throwing away a once-in-a-generation opportunity .
Yes , African has some failed states , but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful , agreeable places .
The debate over the failure of international aid to produce development , together with the current financial crisis , have added weight to arguments against development assistance .
Although this is largely the case , no one can claim that Africans have a monopoly on governance failures .
Moreover , while the international community is quick to pounce on African leaders for governance failures , it seems less enthusiastic about examining its role in the flight of African assets .
Poland 's revolution brought civil rights along with increased criminality , a market economy along with failed enterprises and high unemployment , and the formation of a dynamic middle class along with increased income inequality .
This would pay for the residual costs of a large institution 's failure after its capital has fallen to zero and , presumably , creditors ' claims have been wiped out -LRB- though some proposals are ambiguous , leaving room for at least some relief for creditors -RRB- .
Regulation then must ensure that bankers do n't abuse their charter by taking excessive risks with their depositors ' money -- which is precisely where regulators failed most notably in recent years , opening the way to the financial crisis .
If supervisors behave as they should , large residual losses from bank failures become unlikely .
But they can not fail to notice that the processes they support undercut their own position by rendering the wealth gap more obvious and the fairness of the actual global distribution more questionable .
The situation surrounding such oases represents the ultimate failure of politics .
It is also administered to children who fail to grow because of chronic renal insufficiency or significant genetic abnormalities , including Turner syndrome , Noonan syndrome , and Prader-Willi syndrome .
The regulators who banned DDT also failed to take into consideration the inadequacy of alternatives .
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
Development as now practiced often fails because it does not build on a country 's unique strengths , respect its social traditions , or foster the autonomy necessary to develop indigenous leaders and enterprises .
They staked their claim on the tribal , sectarian , and multiethnic nature of Iraq , which , in the absence of dictatorship , would supposedly incite Iraq 's collapse into a `` failed state , '' with rampant warlordism , ethnic and religious feuds , and harboring of terrorist organizations .
Bad as it sounds , this prospect appears to be a `` realistic '' compromise between the supposedly utopian vision of a flourishing , unified democracy and the wretchedness of a failed state .
Indeed , the seeming failure of a recognizable democratic core to emerge in Iraq within the first few months of the collapse of Saddam 's dictatorship is due more to idiosyncrasies of the process than to any presumed essential nature of Iraqi society .
The key mistake was the failure of occupation forces to equip and empower the small group of Iraqi liberal democratic figures to tap into this middle ground .
But to treat this setback as a failure would be a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Whereas the `` Middle Kingdom '' is proudly regaining its former global status after centuries of decline , Russia is defiantly trying to resurrect its former imperial status , but in a manner that appears doomed to fail .
With Putin 's current clampdown on civil society , re-nationalization of key segments of the economy , failure to develop any political approach to resolving the conflict in Chechnya , and cultivation of imperial nostalgia , Russia is killing its only chance to matter in the future .
The world that Europe has called for is coming closer , and it can fail abysmally without the EU or improve at the margin thanks to it .
In reality , what may threaten the stability of the region , and above all that of China , is not an excess of Chinese ambitions or a failure to democratize , but the Chinese regime 's inability to establish the rule of law .
But Royal has so far failed to rally her camp behind her .
Bayrou has never had it so good , but , barring the unlikely collapse of one of the two leading candidates ' campaigns , he will fail to qualify for the second-round runoff .
So far , Royal has failed to play that role .
Following Lionel Jospin 's humiliating defeat in 2002 , the Socialists simply would not survive a second consecutive failure to reach the second round .
The Bush administration 's overconfidence in the validity of its objectives -- democratizing the Middle East -- much more than implementation failures , was the key factor behind the unfolding catastrophe there .
The failure in Iraq , the risk of an `` Iraqization '' of Afghanistan , and Russia 's newfound assertiveness have moved America from the arrogant indifference that characterized most of Bush 's presidency to a rediscovery of the Alliance 's value .
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French\/NATO relationship , the latest being Jacques Chirac 's failed attempt to patch up France 's relations with NATO upon his arrival in power in 1995 .
Moreover , if Sarkozy has eroded , perhaps fatally , the `` sacred '' symbolic nature of the presidency , his governance has failed to provide any compensating reassurance .
Self-isolated from global political realities and incapable of grasping the meaning of `` civil society , '' the Chinese regime encourages its public in expressions of defiance of all who fail to `` respect China , '' which only reinforces negative reactions .
`` We fail to translate military presence into political influence , '' says the NATO person , who sounds very much like EU representatives commenting on the Union 's role in the Middle East .
`` We have failed to transform economic aid into political influence , '' they lament .
The EU has lately failed -- far more than NATO has -- not only to win hearts , but also to convince Europeans that in a global world , it is part of the solution , not part of the problem .
But the containment argument fails , because the Kremlin can still make mischief around the world by acting with Syria or Venezuela in an irresponsible manner .
That might very well happen if America 's next president fails to redress the financial and economic threats facing his country , and thus the rest of the world .
Despite his failed bid to orchestrate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , was he not right to try ?
Beyond its impact on the Middle East , Sarkozy 's failed but brave attempt to act as a go-between constitutes an interesting window into the foreign-policy methods and ambitions of today 's France .
Israel is closer to Nicosia than to Berlin , not only in geographic but also in political terms , because successive Israeli and Palestinian leaders have likewise failed to demonstrate qualities of vision and imagination .
That failure was epitomized by the inability to impose a peace agreement on Palestinians and Israelis in 2000 .
On the contrary , the failures of US policy have contributed to reduce the legitimacy of America 's power further .
Firewalls to Freedom NEW YORK -- Even the most cold-hearted realists would agree that the failure of Communist censorship played a role in the collapse of the Iron Curtain : Voice of America , the fax machine , rock 'n' roll , and the lure of Western capitalism helped to win over the people of the Soviet Bloc .
Today , similar hopes are often vested in the Internet , with high expectations that the wealth of online information might trigger the same kind of censorship failure in contemporary authoritarian states that we saw in Eastern Europe -- and with the same results .
Whenever manipulation efforts fail , cyber-attacks offer yet another powerful tool to crack down on dissent without triggering public accusations of formal censorship .
What lessons can be drawn from the failure of Turkish businesses in Iran ?
Did the ambitions of the Lisbon treaty 's designers condemn it to failure ?
It is now up to the EU 's political leadership to move quickly and take firm grasp of the achievements that initially gave birth to the Lisbon treaty . A charter of fundamental rights has , for example , been integrated into the treaty ; but , unless the member states bring it to life , it will certainly fail to yield concrete results .
But it will all take time , and if the new arrangement lacks a qualified majority vote , fails to reform the Commission , and includes an opt-out on the charter of fundamental rights , it will not resolve the EU 's essential problems or its estrangement from European public opinion .
The financial crisis , morphing quickly into a global economic downturn , resulted not just from a failure to react to growing instability , risk , and imbalance , but also from a widespread pre-crisis inability to `` see '' the rising systemic risk .
This is the forward-looking version of the global imbalance issue . Its resolution via coordinated policy action -LRB- or a failure to resolve it through such action -RRB- will have a huge impact -LRB- for good or ill -RRB- on the multinational incentive structure surrounding the global economy -- and hence on its likely growth .
At the moment , the majority view in most countries is that the financial system failed badly , but that the incentives and dynamics of the broader market-based system in a relatively open global architecture remain the best avenues for wealth creation , poverty reduction , and the expansion of opportunity .
Downside risks include fiscal destabilization resulting from a failure to rein in deficits , inflation and withdrawal of central bank autonomy , and loss of confidence in the dollar , which continues to be the reserve currency for the global economy .
The revolution in Tunisia was just a matter of time -- a popular uprising to end a system that failed to deliver the free society for which the Tunisian public has long been ready .
Indeed , in February , he declared that multiculturalism was a `` failure , '' adding , `` Our Muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else ... but it can only be a French Islam , not just an Islam in France . ''
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
He also drew on the philosophy of `` personalism , '' which was highly fashionable in the 1930 's , as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism , and insisted that `` persons '' always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge .
Maritain 's example disproves the claim that the analogy between Christian and Muslim democracy fails .
While the common currency has benefited all countries that have adopted it -- not least as an anchor in the current economic crisis -- the failure of euro-zone members to abide by their agreement risk could yet turn the euro into a disaster .
Perhaps more significantly , the international community 's failure to address Zimbabwe seriously shows , once again , that it lacks the political will to prevent foreseeable crises .
Regrettably , the UN failed to follow up with institutional action .
His economic failures have highlighted the need for a more moderate and capable president .
But a country does not fail of its own volition , nor is it weakened by unknown causes .
A country fails , when it fails , for definite , identifiable reasons .
Such a massive effort will be doomed to failure , however , if Afghanistan 's neighbors intervene in ways that promote economic upheaval all over again .
Some Albanians claim that these allegations are Serbian propaganda . But there are many Albanians who know differently , and believe that Kosovo is failing to come to terms with the acts of a few rogue fighters .
He put his oil reserves to good use , providing Jordan and Syria -- each a failing economy -- with deeply discounted supplies , assuring their goodwill .
Today , Europe needs improved capacity to combat terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , deal with failed or failing states , contend with regional conflicts , and respond to humanitarian crises .
Until Tony Blair and Robin Cook became , respectively , Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom in 1997 , four years after the ICTY was established , NATO troops in Bosnia failed to arrest indicted suspects even when they ran into them .
Far from being a failure , the ICTY has inspired the establishment of several other such courts , including those for Rwanda , Sierra Leone , Cambodia , and the permanent International Criminal Court .
Although the most high-profile defendants , Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Seselj , are doing their best to discredit the tribunal , they will fail . The charge of bias is simply not sustainable .
Because the US is such an outspoken proponent of human rights internationally , its failure to respect rights assumes added significance , contributing to a rising tide of anti-Americanism in much of the world .
The UN has been useful as a forum for adopting standards , but its machinery for seeking compliance with those standards is weak and has been badly compromised over the years by its failure to address grotesque abuses .
By contrast , the world 's rising powers -- Brazil , China , India , and Russia -- insist not only on the primacy of their national interests , but , as the failed climate negotiations in Copenhagen last December demonstrated , on sovereign freedom of action as well .
STOCKHOLM -- State-sponsored multiculturalism has failed . That proclamation by British Prime Minister David Cameron , following hard on the heels of similar renunciations of multiculturalism by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy , suggests that a page is being turned in European society .
It is not just official multiculturalism that has failed in Europe , however ; so has the multiculturalism endorsed by large parts of European civil society .
In Sweden , just as in similarly liberal Holland and Denmark , right-wing populists have profited from liberals ' failure to stand up for their values .
Europe 's leading politicians have spoken out , and now it is time for European civil society -- its newspapers , critics , curators , academics , and publishers -- to declare the failure of multiculturalism and show some courage in defending the values they claim to embody .
Yet it failed the test of statesmanship once again by sitting on its hands and merely calling for restraint .
After China 's government became aware that independent grassroots movements could convince ordinary Chinese where government propaganda had failed , it lifted its initial ban on reporting on Tibet .
The leaders of the two parties -- Boris Nemtsov and Grigory Yavlinsky , respectively , failed at the campaign 's start to find common ground .
By splitting the `` reform '' vote , both parties failed to win any seats in the Duma because neither surpassed the 5 % electoral threshold .
Compared to these failures , Vladimir Putin 's achievements in Chechnya look like the height of success .
Its troubles have not riveted world attention in recent years , probably because Burundi 's rebels failed to plumb the depths of savagery seen in Rwanda and Congo .
For the first time , the army failed to crush the rebellion .
What the Kibaki government failed to mention was that it would change this draft at the last minute .
Having been buoyed by the successful and peaceful 2002 election that brought in the promise of change , the Kenyan public remains loudly outraged by the government 's failures to make good on its promises .
If we fail on one , we will fail on the other .
Failing that -LRB- and we are failing today -RRB- the Euro-Atlantic states and their organizations will settle for suboptimal -- and too often utterly inadequate -- responses to the twenty-first century 's security challenges , including the threat of nuclear proliferation .
But if Europe fails to respond , Obama will look elsewhere for the partners he needs , unconstrained by anxious European invocations of `` special relationships '' or `` the Atlantic community of values . ''
In the new , reality-show version of that dream , countless Americans came to expect to be able to live , look , dance , and party like celebrities , or else feel themselves to be failures .
She has carefully studied not only Jackie Kennedy -- a comparison obvious from her sheath dresses , boat collars , and page-boy haircut -- but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical , Princess Diana .
In such cases , the likelihood of failure increases , because of the intrinsically multilateral nature of transnational issues in a global age , and the costly effects on US soft power that unaccepted unilateral actions may impose .
Many have singled out German Chancellor Angela Merkel for failing to promote a vision of Europe similar to that of her predecessor and mentor , Helmut Kohl .
In Rwanda and Kosovo , the Security Council failed to act in time to save thousands of lives .
If states feel compelled to act in the case of Council stalemate , they should know that they would do less damage to their reputations if they act within the Panel 's guidelines for legitimacy , even if they fail to satisfy its criterion for legality .
The failure of the June EU summit and the bitter clashes between Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac have even inspired some to proclaim the beginning of the end for Europe .
Some failed states are so chaotically organized that they can not be deterred from providing a haven for terrorists .
When discipline failed to solve the problem , he launched perestroika -LRB- `` restructuring '' -RRB- .
Ultimately , the deepest causes of the Soviet collapse were the decline of communist ideology and economic failure .
Fortunately , in his second term , with Condoleezza Rice and Karen Hughes at the State Department and Rumsfeld 's reputation dented by failures that in the private sector would have led to his firing or resignation , Bush has shown an increased concern about America 's soft power .
But both realize that a failure to resolve the issue in the context of the UN -LRB- in which they are major stakeholders as permanent members of the Security Council -RRB- could severely damage the future of that institution .
But success depends upon China , and South Korea and China failed to participate in recent PSI exercises .
Bush has allowed his representative to the six-party talks to meet separately with the North Koreans within the six-party framework , but he failed to provide adequate incentives .
We are also failing in the application of soft power .
The most important lesson five years after 9\/11 is that failure to combine hard and soft power effectively in the struggle against jihadi terrorism will lead us into the trap set by those who want a clash of civilizations .
We have a just cause and many potential allies , but our failure to combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy could be fatal .
Few people are focused on saving NATO from a significant failure in its first major test outside of Europe .
But the Bush administration failed to control rioting , disbanded the Iraqi army , and allowed the security situation to deteriorate .
Is there any reason to believe that an additional five brigades will succeed in stabilizing Baghdad now when similar efforts have failed in the past ?
First , Russia is failing to diversify its economy rapidly enough .
If President George W. Bush 's current troop `` surge '' fails to produce an outcome that can be called `` victory , '' what lessons will the United States draw for its future foreign policy ?
A reasonable consensus in American public opinion supports ensuring both these and the `` classic '' global public goods , even if the US has failed to lead on some issues , notably global climate .
Financial and scientific help from rich countries is important not only for humanitarian reasons , but also to prevent failed states from becoming sources of disorder for the rest of the world .
In a three-dimensional game , you will lose if you focus only on one board and fail to notice the other boards and the vertical connections among them .
So to describe America as an empire fails to capture the true nature of the foreign policy challenges that America faces .
After the failure of the League of Nations in the 1930 's , the UN was designed to have the Security Council 's permanent members act as policemen to enforce collective security .
In the wake of the UN 's failures to prevent genocide and ethnic cleansing in Rwanda and Kosovo in the 1990 's , Kofi Annan worked with others to persuade governments to recognize a new responsibility to protect endangered peoples .
His leadership success came from his bureaucratic skill in cultivating Congressional support and obtaining resources , and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among his officers .
Even if the nuclear agreement fails , the improvement in US-India relations is likely to continue .
Now it hints that it may resume enrichment , and recent press reports about the imports from Pakistan suggest Iran failed to disclose everything to the IAEA .
The Climate of Security CAMBRIDGE -- While George W. Bush has begun to acknowledge the risks of global climate change , his administration failed to lead on the issue for eight years .
In addition , climate change will put stress on weak governments in poor countries and may lead to an increase in the number of failed states and become an indirect source of international conflict .
A century ago , Britain managed the rise of American power without conflict , but the world 's failure to manage the rise of German power led to two devastating world wars .
Although the US does well on the traditional measures of power , those measures increasingly fail to capture much of what defines world politics , which , owing to the information revolution and globalization , is changing in a way that prevents Americans from achieving all their international goals by acting alone .
If Obama fails to fight these fires successfully , they will consume his political capital , but if all he does is fight them , he will inherit Bush 's priorities .
But he failed to produce a sustainable picture of America 's leadership role in the world .
There is a danger , however , in over-reacting to the failures of the Bush administration 's policies .
But , whatever the failures of particular British legislators , the issues go further than merely allowing voters to `` throw the rascals out . '' There is also a question of how successful leadership is taught and learned in a democracy .
Third , the US-Japan alliance will have to face a new set of transnational challenges to our vital interests , such as pandemics , terrorism , and human outflows from failed states .
Indeed , at the beginning of the twentieth century , such efforts failed and Korea became a colony of Japan .
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks : in chaotic conditions of great political uncertainty , markets fail .
If it degenerates into propaganda , public diplomacy not only fails to convince , but can undercut soft power .
On the contrary , it is the failure to use soft power effectively that weakens America in the struggle against terrorism .
Last month , German Chancellor Angela Merkel declared that , if the euro fails , `` then not only the currency fails ... Europe will fail , and with it the idea of European unity . ''
Europe does face severe demographic problems , but size of population is not highly correlated with power , and predictions of Europe 's downfall have a long history of failing to materialize .
Not only have the wounds of the 1930 's failed to heal , but China and Japan have conflicting visions of Japan 's proper place in Asia and the world .
A bankrupt debtor who owes $ 1,000 has little power , but if it owes $ 1 billion , it may have considerable bargaining power -- witness the fate of institutions judged `` too big to fail '' in the 2008 financial crisis .
China does not want a nuclear or belligerent North Korea , but it is even more concerned about a failed state collapsing on its border .
Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives , but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US . Whatever the rhetoric in France , for example , the policies and attitudes in countries such as Britain or Poland demonstrate that good trans-Atlantic relations can be maintained .
If Obama fails to support the governments in Egypt , Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , or Yemen , he may jeopardize important foreign-policy goals such as Middle East peace , a naval base in the Persian gulf , stability in oil markets , or cooperation against Al Qaeda terrorists .
One of Kaiser Wilhelm II 's great mistakes two decades later was to fire Bismarck , fail to renew his `` reinsurance treaty '' with Russia , and challenge Britain for naval supremacy on the high seas .
After the failure of its imperialist Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity scheme of the 1930 's -LRB- which had a soft-power component of anti-European propaganda -RRB- and its defeat in World War II , Japan turned to a strategy that minimized military power and relied on strategic alliance with the US .
There is a danger , however , in over-reacting to the Bush administration 's policy failures .
Opinion polls currently show the `` Yes '' side leading by two to one -LRB- 35 % to 18 % -RRB- . But there is little comfort in these figures for pro-Europeans : polls prior to the failed referendum on the Nice treaty in 2001 demonstrated an even larger `` Yes '' majority at the same stage .
In 2001 the ` Yes ' side lost because it failed to convince enough voters to turn out -- almost two thirds of the electorate failed to vote .
A good part of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the ` Yes ' camp -LRB- though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % -RRB- . All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a ` Yes ' win .
A failure to take concrete action would risk breeding disillusionment .
The failure of that effort is implicitly recognized in the guidelines , which indicate that they do not imply any new obligations under IMF surveillance .
The PDP , which had been in power since 1999 and had failed to tackle the country 's pressing economic and political problems , was not a favorite at the polls .
The failure of Obasanjo 's supporters triggered three big political developments .
The parliamentary polls , originally scheduled for April 2 but postponed a week after the Independent National Electoral Commission -LRB- INEC -RRB- failed to print adequate ballot papers and other election materials , took place in an atmosphere of fear , violence , and uncertainty .
Successive governments across central and eastern Europe are responsible for a systemic failure to provide adequate support to families with disabled children , often resulting in abandonment and institutionalization .
Many commentators cite the wide disparities between euro-zone members ' growth rates as a sign of failure .
Earlier this year , the International Court of Justice -LRB- ICJ -RRB- found Serbia guilty of failing to prevent the massacre of more than 7,000 Bosnian Muslim men in Srebrenica .
That explains why some EU member states are keen to resume the negotiations on a Stabilization and Association Agreement , which were suspended a year ago due to Serbia 's failure to cooperate fully with the ICTY .
Central Europe 's Unsentimental Education BUDAPEST -- This month marks the 20th anniversary of the reburial of Imre Nagy , the leader of Hungary 's failed anti-Soviet revolution of 1956 .
But , as Western governments -- and European Union government , in particular -- respond , they should view Lukashenko 's brutal crackdown as a major turning point : the moment when the regime could no longer claim popular support and was forced to confront the failure of its antediluvian socioeconomic model .
Moreover , business failures due to premature euroization will inevitably increase as chronically weaker domestic firms and financial institutions become fully exposed to EU competition before making adequate corporate governance improvements and efficiency gains .
Finally , CAFTA fails to address labor issues in any significant way .
The agreement only stresses that labor rights are to be respected , highlighting that a party to the agreement `` shall not fail to effectively enforce its labor laws , through a sustained or recurring course of action or inaction , in a manner affecting trade between the Parties . ''
But while most EU governments pay lip service to the idea of creating a common foreign and security policy , they fail to address a key stumbling block - the fact that power , and the ability to project power , is distributed unequally across the member states .
This `` end-of-history '' interlude , when `` Communism '' was either failing or recycling itself into its opposite , also encouraged many latter-day American political missionaries to proselytize for democracy as well as capitalism -- to urge China 's leaders to abandon state controls not only over their economy , but over their political system as well .
As I strolled through Tiananmen Square , the paradox that struck me was that the very system of democratic capitalism that the West has so ardently believed in and advocated now seems to be failing us . At the same time , the kind of authoritarianism and state-managed economics that we have long impugned now seems to be serving China well .
Although Chinese investors have since made numerous lower-visibility plays in US markets , the failed Unocal deal left a legacy of bitterness .
Huawei 's recent failed bids for 2Wire and Motorola will only have rekindled this bitterness .
President Gul 's visit does mark a watershed -- either as a failure to make history , or as the beginning of a new era .
It is time for both countries ' leaders to speak privately and directly with each other , with an understanding of the instability that could result from any failure to complete the diplomatic opening that the two sides initiated .
That failure remains the main obstacle to addressing the many other outstanding problems between the parties to the conflict .
Livni may fail in several ways .
Washington believes anti-drug policies will fail , to the benefit of drug dealers , if coca growers continue to identify themselves with nationalists who vindicate the leaf 's production .
How to Sell Anti-Protectionism STOCKHOLM -- The looming global recession has brought government intervention to save failing companies to the forefront of economic policy .
But the initiative also failed to gain momentum among political leaders .
Consequently , rather than facing a savings glut , the global economy faces a problem of demand failure in developing countries .
The MIT School , by contrast , argues that real-world economies are afflicted by pervasive market failures , including imperfect competition and monopoly , externalities associated with problems like pollution , and an inability to supply public goods such as street lighting or national defense .
Consequently , policy interventions that address market failures -- as well as widespread information imperfections and the non-existence of many needed markets -- can make everyone better off .
They believe that government intervention tends to generate its own costly failures because of bureaucratic incompetence and rent-seeking , whereby private interests try to steer policy to their own advantage .
MIT economists tend to espouse the opposite : fairness is important , the real world is unacceptably unfair , and government failure can be prevented by good institutional design , including democracy .
However , it fails to engage the deep intellectual divisions regarding economic development , trade , and globalization , because it refuses to admit the legitimacy of such disagreements .
Between 1980 and 2000 , manufacturing employment continued to grow in expansions , but each time it failed to recover the previous peak .
This failure reflects the dominance of conventional economics , which has produced closed-minded group-thinking within the global central banking community .
As a result , central banks failed to see the oncoming financial tsunami , and even after it arrived they continued to fight the last war against inflation .
Now , they are failing to understand the financial significance of the Big Three .
If we are not serious about upgrading our industrial structure , we will fail when it comes time to fulfill our commitments to cut emissions .
And while the new Five-Year Plan sets fine goals , many provinces have failed even to meet the major environment protection targets of the last Five-Year Plan .
Making matters worse , while we discarded the finer elements of our traditional culture , we failed to absorb the better aspects of modern civilization .
As a result , environmental protection projects often fail to be included in calculating production costs .
To borrow a phrase from the financial world , the euro is too big to fail .
If the new left does not manage to answer these questions satisfactorily , it will be seen as having failed .
If we make today 's problems the excuse for failure to save the environment , we will simply pile up much bigger -- and potentially catastrophic -- problems tomorrow .
These `` wise men , '' advisers one and all to President Bill Clinton and other presidents , all seem to concede that the failure of the proposed Camp David accord in 2000 could not , after all , be laid solely at Arafat 's door . Former Israeli premier Ehud Barak should carry his share of the blame .
Second , he and his administration were so busy trying to build consensus that they watered down some of the vital ingredients of the stimulus package , and failed to defend it robustly from Republican attack .
One of his jokes goes to the heart of the failure of the ideology -- the dogmatic religion -- inflicted on our poor world by his namesake , Karl .
In his magisterial book The Rise and Fall of Communism , Archie Brown notes how travel abroad opened Mikhail Gorbachev 's eyes to the failure of the system that he had lived under all his life .
Our triumphs and virtues are exaggerated ; our villains externalized ; our failings covered up .
But , whatever Mao 's terrible failings , during his years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship .
Dealing with Russia has probably been the biggest failure in the attempt to make European foreign policy .
They do not expect much from the state and are not surprised when it fails to deliver .
The election produced an inconclusive result , even though the Conservative Party received 7 % more of the popular vote than the second-place Labor Party . The failure to equalize electorates in different constituencies counted heavily against the winners , as it takes more votes to send a Conservative MP to Westminster than it does a Labor MP .
The casualties of our failure to do so will be future generations of flood victims in Asia and China , farmers in drought-hit Russia and Africa , and everyone 's grandchildren , like my five , with whom I have spent this summer .
Who will add strength and moral authority to the task of rebuilding the failed and failing states that incubate so many of our problems , from terrorism to illicit drugs ?
But China 's public failure to distance itself from the North 's military provocations has undermined its credibility in efforts to defuse the crisis .
We should also understand that the climate has changed in regard to the `` non-process '' that has failed so lamentably to deliver Middle East peace .
Israel 's failure in recent years to negotiate seriously and responsibly with the Palestinians means that it will now have to consider its diplomatic options against the background of an Arab world in which governments will be obliged to listen more closely to their citizens ' views on Palestine .
Whatever his other many failings , he has a pretty good record on aid to poor countries , particularly in healthcare .
Finally , if America wants change , why vote for a ticket that has embraced the very attitudes that gave the Bush years their character , and exemplifies some of the reasons for its unpopularity and failures , from partisan bigotry and the assault on reason and science to the `` America First '' dismissal of the opinions of the rest of mankind ?
A new American president would do well to remember the disastrous consequences of protectionism in the 1920 's and 1930 's . President Herbert Hoover 's failures should be a sanguinary lesson .
Rather , we now know that Japan 's economic difficulties were caused by the growth , and then collapse , of a huge asset bubble , and the failure to use monetary policy to prevent deflation after the bubble burst .
Yet he clearly failed to comprehend that this was not just about approval ratings .
Within the OECD , the main financial center for smaller resource-extraction companies is Toronto , yet the Canadian parliament recently failed narrowly to pass an equivalent requirement for these companies .
In a number of cases the program failed to deliver what it promised .
Mullah Aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize , that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas , as well as surrounding areas , to double poppy production the following year .
They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that . But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails , so long as there are rich drug users in the West , they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families .
France and Germany fail to grasp that the candidate countries ' support for the US is not aimed against `` old Europe . ''
Ruling coalitions were at the same time in disadvantageous positions vis-à-vis opposition parties , which attacked the incumbents for failing to negotiate good membership terms , without themselves having to pass the test of negotiating better conditions .
In view of some big countries ' intense national egoism , the failure to agree on the EU 's 2007-2013 budget could have ominous political consequences for Europe .
Some warned that the rejection of the European Constitution in the French and the Dutch referendums , combined with the summit 's decision effectively to suspend the ratification process and its failure to agree on EU finances , could trigger a serious political crisis in the EU .
By contrast , the emphasis in the United States has been on finding market-friendly ways to contain spillovers from bank failure .
Policy debates in the US are chiefly preoccupied with ensuring that banks are never `` too big to fail '' ; that private investors rather than taxpayers hold `` contingent capital , '' which in a crash can be converted into equity ; and that `` over-the-counter '' markets ' functioning be improved through greater reliance on centralized trading , clearing , and settlements .
Any list conjured up in 2006 of institutions that were `` too big to fail '' would not have included Northern Rock , Bradford & Bingley , IKB , Bear Sterns , or even Lehman Brothers .
Small failures can give birth to large panics , which means that in a crisis almost everyone is `` too big to fail . ''
Many argue that bankers ' belief that their institutions are too big to fail and that their jobs are safe encourages them to underestimate the risks that they assume .
Those that failed were relatively small , like IKB , Bear Sterns , and so on .
There are many reasons why the market fails to correct systemic error , including that booms are always founded on a belief by both regulators and bankers that `` this time it is different . '' Let 's not forget the essays in central banks ' stability reports on how credit derivatives were benefiting the financial sector .
By the summer of 2006 , with the Lebanon war and Israel 's reoccupation of the Gaza strip , the failure of unilateralism was clear .
Ordinary people do not hide their contempt for the regime , but they also see that last year 's mass protests have failed .
But the EU has so far failed to prepare the Western Balkans for accession , in line with its leaders ' promise at their Thessaloniki summit in 2003 to admit the Western Balkan states when they meet the Union 's standards .
George Santayana , the Spanish-American poet and philosopher , once warned that `` Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . '' This is especially true in the field of bridge building , where over the past 150 years dramatic failures have occurred at surprisingly regular intervals .
In 1847 , the first major structural failure on Britain 's expanding railway network occurred at Chester , England .
In 1970 , steel box-girder bridges in Milford Haven , Wales , and in Melbourne , Australia , failed spontaneously while under construction .
The thirty-year interval between historic bridge failures was first highlighted by the work of Paul Sibly , who wrote a thesis on the subject , and his University of London advisor , A. C. Walker .
Although each of the notable failures involved a different type of bridge , in no case was the structure radically new .
It was also known to Galileo , who noted that Renaissance engineers who followed successful methods of building ships and moving obelisks were often surprised by the spontaneous failures when tried with larger ships and obelisks .
When the failures described above occurred , engineers were sensitized to their own limitations and so approached subsequent designs - no matter of what kind of bridge - with renewed respect for the laws and forces of nature .
Unfortunately , human memory fades with time , and new generations of engineers with no vivid experience of past failures can proceed with hubris to design again beyond wise limits .
Building a novel bridge , especially in the wake of a spectacular failure , forces engineers to think from scratch and also to think more deeply and critically .
Hence , the paradox that success leads to failure , and failure leads to success .
As such , its development into ever longer spans is following the historic pattern that in the past has led to failures .
Whether there will be a major cable-stayed bridge failure soon - or around the year 2030 - will most likely depend not so much on computer analyses as on how well engineers know their history and are determined not to repeat it .
The United Nations reckons that if economic reconstruction fails in terms of promoting dynamism and inclusion , countries in the transition to peace have an even chance of reverting to war .
In many cases , economic reconstruction has failed partly because donors required that their own nationals or companies be used .
The violence in the North Caucasus is becoming less a serious regional conflict and more an existential threat to the entire Russian Federation -- an evolution that reflects almost all of the mistakes , failures , and crimes of the post-Soviet leadership .
Regular presidential elections in Mexico failed to disguise the fact that the same party ruled the country for over seven decades until earlier this year .
Still , not all transplants fail .
Nor was there any mention of banks ' size and ways to address the too-big-to-fail issue .
But it is premature to write it off as a failure .
The violence in France , fueled by staggering unemployment and ruthless policing , reflects the utter failure of the French model of social integration .
But violence elsewhere in Europe , such as the London bombings of July and the brutal murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh on the streets of Amsterdam in November 2004 , had already made Europe 's failure to integrate its minorities painfully clear .
The fact that a large black underclass remains -- something the recent floods in New Orleans revealed in a horrifically dramatic way -- is mainly the result of failing school systems .
The crisis in morale among today 's medical scientists stems not from money problems , nor from the stage of development of their fields , nor from the level of research that is being conducted , but from these scientists ' failure to form themselves into proper , humane communities .
Low morale results from too little kindness and decency ; it is a failure of custom and manners , a loss of social purpose , a diminution of the ability or the will to distinguish right from wrong and then to act rightly .
The raging violence in southern Thailand over the past 15 months has made him look bad , as his myriad strategies and tactics have failed repeatedly .
Politicians with limited terms of office and thus foreshortened political horizons are likely to discount low-risk disaster possibilities , since the risk of damage to their careers from failing to take precautionary measures is truncated .
Nor is the global financial crisis a justification for the world 's leaders failing to keep their word .
If we cut back on aid , we will fail to keep our promise , and poorer countries will learn , once again , that rich countries ' actions fall short of their inspiring rhetoric about reducing world poverty .
But , while the global financial crisis did reveal fraud on a massive scale , the underlying cause of the crisis was not fraud but the failure of the market to knit together the self-interest of those who sold and resold sub-prime mortgages with the interests of the investors in financial institutions that bought them .
But there is a shortage of hearts for transplantation , and in the US , LVADs are now being implanted as a long-term treatment for heart failure , just as a dialysis machine replaces a kidney .
No one likes putting a dollar value on a human life , but the fact is that we already do , implicitly , by failing to give enough support to organizations working in developing countries .
This one-size-fits-all approach may be convenient , but the failure to differentiate among suicide bombers vastly oversimplifies the realities that define the fight against terrorism . To be sure , Hamas and Islamic Jihad are often no less brutal than Al Qaeda or JI .
But his two aggressive adventures - the more recent over twelve years ago - ended in humiliating failure .
It would be odd to uphold the Council 's authority by means that failed to get its approval .
Even after the crises of the 1990s , institutional arrangements in many countries still fail to establish these conditions .
If Georgia 's new leaders fail to revive the country economically , and quickly , then the mythical allure of an authoritarian leader will be enhanced and democracy discredited .
CHICAGO -- At the height of the financial crisis , the Queen of England asked my friends at the London School of Economics a simple question , but one for which there is no easy answer : Why did academic economists fail to foresee the crisis ?
I would argue that three factors largely explain our collective failure : specialization , the difficulty of forecasting , and the disengagement of much of the profession from the real world .
Excessive rural credit was one of the important causes of bank failures during the Great Depression .
More significant is the IAEA 's failure to overcome resistance to conclude comprehensive safeguard agreements .
It generates only about 5 % of that failed Soviet reactor 's power .
And , while Israel 's Arrow ballistic missile defenses , which now surround Dimona , may be superior to the Patriot system that failed in 1991 , Syria 's more advanced Scuds and Iran 's Shahab 3 rocket present a more capable challenge than Saddam 's projectiles .
The evidence suggests that while the pact 's dikes have largely held , serious leaks have developed , prompting nuclear vigilantes to apply force when they have concluded that diplomacy would fail to halt the Bomb 's spread .
Whether this behavior is a harbinger for the future remains unclear , but it raises a continuing specter given the failure of the NPT to include an effective enforcement mechanism .
Twice , Iraq bucked safeguards -- first when it built the Osirak reactor and failed to provide inspectors full transparency and convincing assurance it would not use the plant to produce plutonium for weapons , and , second , when it nearly completed its secret enrichment program prior to the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
North Korea proved more successful , becoming the eighth country to detonate a nuclear weapon . At least two other NPT parties -- Libya and Syria -- engaged in significant nuclear subterfuge but failed .
Equally disturbing has been the failure of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards to catch such violations .
The US humanitarian mission to that benighted country sought to salvage a failed United Nations enterprise to secure and feed Somalia 's ravaged population .
While Lebanon and Somalia remain damaged and failed states , respectively , regional and domestic factors have cauterized the consequences of America 's retreat from Vietnam and Southeast Asia .
What Johnson failed to foresee were the domestic and regional constraints that would prevent the dominos from falling in the way he predicted .
Were the US Senate to fail to ratify New START , the treaty 's proponents argue that the US would lose predictability about Russia 's nuclear activities , resulting in greater distrust and risk of miscalculation , making both sides less secure .
But Obama 's team does concede one point : New START fails to curtail Russia 's large numerical advantage in tactical nuclear weapons .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
But America 's inability after the Great War to overcome Old World politics at Versailles and isolationism at home marked a failed opportunity to promote a positive watershed .
That failure placed the world on the path to the negative watershed posed by Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan .
Chávez is a master at manipulating the media : after the failed coup against him in 2002 , he brandished a crucifix to pardon his adversaries and be pardoned by them .
The most glaring injustice in this respect has been the failure of the US and the European Union to deliver substantially on their promises of market access to agricultural exports from poor countries .
LOS ANGELES -- How should large-scale systemic failures of a country 's financial system be addressed ?
But to save a financial system from collapse requires preventing all banks from failing at the same time .
We need a way to bail out good banks but allow bad banks to fail .
In 1992 , Sweden 's central bank , the Riksbank , allowed private bank equity holders to be wiped out , but it rescued depositors and creditors by buying up risky assets of failing institutions .
But when the Federal Reserve allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in September of 2008 , there was widespread panic , leading the Fed to intervene to prevent the collapse of every other major player .
As Simon Johnson suggests in his book 13 Bankers , we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail .
By guaranteeing to buy shares of a mutual fund , the central bank would provide an incentive for private investors to channel money to the stronger parts of the banking system while allowing the weaker parts to fail .
By allowing bad banks to fail , it solves the moral-hazard problem .
This plan would allow us to bail out good banks and allow bad banks to fail -- without costing the taxpayer a penny .
The way ahead leads through science , not ideology , dogma , or failed theories .
At worst , labor-market failures impose modest inefficiency costs on society , whereas capital-market failures harm society greatly , with workers , rather than the perpetrators of financial disaster , suffering the most .
Moreover , globalization means that the US capital market 's failure spreads misery around the world .
It is generally agreed that the summit was largely a failure .
But , as they rail against the failure of the West to take action , they should remember why such action is impossible .
That disguised coup failed -- barely -- and there is no guarantee that the result will be similar this time around in Mexico .
Sclerotic companies were put on life-support credit lines by their zaibatsu -- like banking partners -- delaying their inevitable failure and perpetuating inefficiencies and disincentives that resulted in a post-bubble collapse in Japanese productivity growth .
From Wall Street to AIG to Detroit , the US was quick to rescue corporate giants that would have failed otherwise .
In the West , the excuse was `` too big to fail . '' How different is that from Japan 's mindset nearly 20 years ago ?
After the failure in 2005 of the draft European constitution , it was far from obvious that negotiations that would yield only partial progress in improving the European Union 's decision-making mechanisms was the right way to proceed .
Still , to judge from most media coverage , the parallel sub-prime and packaged loan crises , which are paralyzing global finance , are entirely attributable to banks ' `` immorality , '' and are in no way due to systemic failure .
The Enlightenment , after all , was born in France . There is the French Revolution , the Napoleonic epic , the Battle of the Marne -- won in 1914 thanks to spontaneous initiative when the government and the state failed -- and the great revival of 1945-1950 .
To make matters worse , national failures can no longer be addressed without aggravating the situation .
The puzzle is not `` why did economics fail us ? '' but `` why were economists so overconfident ? ''
Imagine that the world 's trade ministers simply walk away from their forthcoming Hong Kong meeting of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- with this simple declaration : `` We failed to reach an agreement ; we 'll try to do better next time . ''
Indeed the only serious risk from the Doha round 's `` failure '' is that rich countries would take their own rhetoric seriously and react in unproductive ways that prove self-fulfilling .
Sometimes there is no success like failure .
Many blame the country 's failure to qualify for this summer 's European championship on the preponderance of foreign players in English club teams .
Unfortunately , much of the discussion surrounding governance reforms fails to make a distinction between governance-as-an-end and governance-as-a means .
The latest round of talks in Geneva has once again failed to produce an agreement . Judging by what the financial press and some economists say , the stakes could not be higher .
On the other side is the danger that a completed `` development round '' will fail to live up to the high expectations that it has spawned , further eroding the legitimacy of global trade rules over the longer run .
A comforting thought -- if you still want to believe in financial sanity -- is that this was a case of a `` perfect storm , '' a rare failure that required a large number of stars to be in alignment simultaneously .
Or was it a rare instance of generalized organ failure ?
So property rights rely on courts and legal enforcement , and markets depend on regulators to rein in abuse and fix market failures .
There were no protective mechanisms to prevent a global liquidity glut from developing , and then , in combination with US regulatory failings , from producing a spectacular housing boom and crash .
Perhaps worse still , the profession has failed to provide helpful guidance in steering the world economy out of its current mess .
Finance theorists have written reams on the consequences of the failure of the `` efficient markets '' hypothesis .
Advanced training in economics requires learning about market failures in detail , and about the myriad ways in which governments can help markets work better .
The first approach may maximize the traffic load that can be carried safely , but it fails to take most people where they want to go and is ultimately self-defeating .
The dangers of failing at this task have been made painfully clear in the sub-prime mortgage debacle .
This is a job at which former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan proved to be a spectacular failure .
The failure of imagination extends across the entire political spectrum .
For a wealthy economy that is supposed to contribute to global economic stability , Germany is not only failing to do its fair share , but is free-riding on other countries ' economies .
If they are judged to be insolvent , they are allowed to fail or are taken over by federal authorities , while depositors are made whole by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
Clearly , these were states that did not fail in providing social services or distributing the benefits of economic growth widely .
The consulting firm McKinsey has christened Africa , long synonymous with economic failure , the land of `` lions on the move . ''
Call one the `` protection '' pathology , in which governments stymie progress by reducing access to foreign investment and technology . The other pathology is `` corruption , '' where political leaders fail to respect property rights and the rule of law .
Reforms that succeed in one setting may do poorly or fail in other settings .
Unfortunately , US and European politicians have failed to show similar imagination when it comes to fiscal policy . By implementing new mechanisms to render the future path of fiscal balances and public debt more predictable , they could have averted the worst of the crisis .
Free trade and the gold standard had required downplaying domestic priorities such as social reform , nation-building , and cultural reassertion . Economic crisis and the failure of international cooperation undermined not only globalization , but also the elites that upheld the existing order .
It is the extreme right that has benefited most from the centrists ' failure .
As in the 1930 's , the failure of international cooperation has compounded centrist politicians ' inability to respond adequately to their domestic constituents ' economic , social , and cultural demands .
The main failure was that liberalization did not send credible signals about future policies .
Indeed , regulatory agencies like the US Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- arose because common-law fiduciary duties failed to protect distant owners .
In the United States , AIG , Bear Stearns , and Lehman Brothers -- all with large derivatives and\/or repo investments -- failed , freezing up credit markets for a scary few weeks .
But the next player in line is too often the US government , as guarantor of too-big-to-fail financial institutions , and it is poorly positioned to regulate these markets on a day-to-day basis .
Managers of established firms continue money-losing ventures for too long , pay themselves too much relative to their and the company 's performance , and too often fail to act aggressively enough to enter new but risky markets .
The clearinghouse protects itself by getting an up-front deposit from the bank -LRB- in case the bank fails in , say , 2015 -RRB- , and by monitoring the bank 's total `` book '' with the clearinghouse .
It will be too big to fail .
If AIG is systemically vital , its inability to collect the full $ 100 million could cause it to fail .
In this example , if Citibank is precarious and is as systemically vital as AIG , the clearinghouse has obscured that it has saved AIG only by transferring risk from the clearinghouse to Citibank , which then fails .
And this is not to mention emerging market politicians ' failure to grasp that unilaterally reducing their excessive import restrictions would be a good idea even if rich countries sat on their hands .
Old hands know that global trade deals often rise out of the ashes of failed talks .
Outside Africa , the people who will suffer the most are those in countries like Brazil , India , China , and Mexico , whose leaders rightly took on rich-country farm subsidies , but wrongly failed to recognize the profound costs of the developing world 's own import restrictions .
When Americans finally decide to go on an import diet , as they will someday , the world 's hypocrisy over the failed global trade talks will become apparent to all .
These investment failures have been great for Americans , who owe a lot less to foreigners than they would otherwise .
It is not just politicians who have failed to provide leadership here .
America 's unwillingness to take the lead on environmental issues may some day be regarded as one of the country 's most profound political failures .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Paul Wolfowitz ?
With the Bank tirelessly preaching the merits of good governance , its failure to adopt democratic principles undercuts its own legitimacy .
Today , US authorities appear willing to contemplate any measure , no matter how inflationary , to insure that none of its major banks and investment houses fails .
Third-world debt burdens are little more than a scorecard for past development failures .
That is why it is so important that governments allow financial firms to fail occasionally .
Weak banks must be allowed to fail or merge -LRB- with ordinary depositors being paid off by government insurance funds -RRB- , so that strong banks can emerge with renewed vigor .
But if officials fail to adjust as the crisis unfolds , then Buiter 's charge may seem less extreme .
The plan 's central conceit is that government ingenuity can disentangle the trillion-dollar `` sub-prime '' mortgage loan market , even though Wall Street 's own rocket scientists have utterly failed to do so .
In mid-August , I had the temerity to predict that risks had come home to roost , and that a large US investment bank might soon fail or be forced into a highly distressed merger .
Just a short time ago , the IMF seemed relegated to a sustained period of irrelevance as it failed to modernize either its euro-centric political representation or its arcane government-to-government lending facilities .
Certainly , a key part of the solution is to allow more banks to fail , ensuring that depositors are paid off in full , but not necessarily debt holders .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
But this parallel fails to recognize the fact that balance sheets remain far more impaired this time .
There is much discussion of breaking up banks that are too big to fail .
But , while regulation must address the oversized bank balance sheets that were at the root of the crisis , the IMF is right not to focus excessively on fixing the `` too big to fail '' problem .
Financial history is littered with untested safety-net devices that failed in a crisis .
The problem is not just in emerging markets such as Indonesia , Mexico , and Brazil , where an ascendant left has failed to find a viable alternative to the much reviled `` Washington Consensus '' of economic liberalization .
Despite a huge investment of time and energy , he has failed to marshal even his own troops in support of a relatively modest proposal to stave off collapse of the nation 's old-age insurance program .
Corruption and failure to embrace meaningful political reform have become acute shortcomings .
You could easily fail to take the right medicine , and you would certainly expect your life to return to normal much faster than is realistic .
Many commentators have argued that fiscal stimulus has largely failed not because it was misguided , but because it was not large enough to fight a `` Great Recession . ''
The Fund is doing Europe 's people no favor by failing to push aggressively for a more realistic solution , including dramatic debt write-downs for peripheral eurozone countries and re-allocating core-country guarantees elsewhere .
Finally , investors might just believe that the eurozone leaders ' latest plan will work , even though the last dozen plans have failed .
It would be more productive for the US to join in , at the same time agreeing with Europeans on measures to be taken should their combined efforts fail .
His numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
When pressed about his failing memory , he impatiently responded , `` Why am I expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether he graduated from university ? ''
If the courts fail to act , the CALDH will take the case to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in San Jose , Costa Rica , or perhaps to Europe .
Would denial of admission to the eurozone because a country fails to fulfil rules that current members spurn really be legitimate ?
Moreover , the inflation criterion fails to allow for higher inflation in services and construction in faster-growing countries .
It can also resolve the problem of managing banks ' bad assets by reselling most of assets and deposits -- with a government guarantee -- to new private shareholders after a clean-up of the bad assets -LRB- as in the resolution of the Indy Mac bank failure -RRB- .
Nationalization also resolves the too-big-too-fail problem of banks that are systemically important , and that thus need to be rescued by the government at a high cost to taxpayers .
Japan suffered a decade-long near-depression because of its failure to clean up the banks .
The US , the United Kingdom , and other economies risk a similar outcome -- multi-year recession and price deflation -- if they fail to act appropriately .
First , macroeconomic indicators will be worse than expected , with growth failing to recover as fast the consensus expects .
But , because the official statistics capture mostly sales by larger retailers and exclude the fall in sales by hundreds of thousands of smaller stores and businesses that have failed , consumption looks better than it really is .
Gold rose above $ 1,000 again in February-March 2009 , when it looked like most of the financial system in the United States and Europe might be near insolvency , and that many governments could not guarantee deposits and backstop the financial system , because banks that were too big to fail were also too big to be saved .
Indeed , rating-agency downgrades , a widening of sovereign spreads , and failed public-debt auctions in countries like the United Kingdom , Greece , Ireland , and Spain provided a stark reminder last year that unless advanced economies begin to put their fiscal houses in order , investors , bond-market vigilantes , and rating agencies may turn from friend to foe .
Fiscal adjustment and structural reform without financing is more fragile and liable to fail without a war chest of liquidity to prevent a run on public debt while the appropriate policies are implemented and gradually gain credibility .
But , as with Argentina , Russia , and Ecuador , Greece may also be insolvent if adjustment fails to restore debt sustainability and growth .
For now , the official community has decided to stick with Plan A ; if that fails , Plan B is default to reduce unsustainable debts and a Greek exit from the eurozone to allow depreciation and restoration of competitiveness and growth .
Additional monetary quantitative easing will make little difference , there is little room for further fiscal stimulus in most advanced economies , and the ability to bail out financial institutions that are too big to fail -- but also too big to be saved -- will be sharply constrained .
As a result , any reform of regulation and supervision will fail to control bubbles and excesses unless several other fundamental aspects of the financial system are changed .
Thus , repeated financial crises are also the result of a failed system of corporate governance .
Not only were `` too big to fail '' financial institutions bailed out , but the distortion has become worse as these institutions have become -- via financial-sector consolidation -- even bigger .
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big and should be broken up .
But worsening financial conditions prove that this policy response has failed miserably .
These measures will fail to reduce interbank spreads significantly , because monetary policy can not address the core problems underlying the crisis .
To mitigate the effects of a US recession and global economic slump , the Fed and other central banks should be cutting rates much more aggressively , rather than relying on modest liquidity injections that are bound to fail .
If nominal and real depreciation -LRB- appreciation -RRB- of the deficit -LRB- surplus -RRB- countries fails to occur , the deficit countries ' falling domestic demand and the surplus countries ' failure to reduce savings and increase consumption will lead to a global shortfall in aggregate demand in the face of a capacity glut .
Given the current level of official resources at the disposal of the International Monetary Fund and the European Union , Spain now seems too big to fail yet too big to be bailed out .
This `` extend and pretend '' or `` lend and pray '' approach is bound to fail , because , unfortunately , most of the options that indebted countries have used in the past to extricate themselves from excessive debt are not feasible .
If the PIIGS ca n't inflate , grow , devalue , or save their way out of their problems , Plan A is either failing or is bound to fail .
Although Greece was bailed out a year ago , Plan A has now clearly failed .
With a worsening recession , many LBOs that were loaded with too much debt and not enough equity will fail as firms with lower profits or higher losses become unable to service their loans .
But Italy and Spain are both too big to fail and too big to be bailed out .
But the laissez-faire Anglo-Saxon model has also now failed miserably .
With Italy too big to fail , too big to save , and now at the point of no return , the endgame for the eurozone has begun .
So we can not rule out a systemic failure and global depression .
Even if the opposition wins the recall , a new election might return Chávez to the presidency precisely because of this failing .
There , democratically elected President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was thrown out under visible American pressure , but his departure failed to reinvigorate the economy or end civil strife .
Unfortunately , the coalition 's neglect of forensic issues reflects its wider failure to devise any strategy to address issues concerning the rule of law and justice , or any central body with the authority to begin building the necessary institutions .
Despite his campaign promises , Serbia 's President Boris Tadic has so far failed to cooperate with the ICTY by assisting in turning over Mladic -LRB- Karadzic is probably not in Serbia -RRB- , who would surely testify against Milosevic .
If this meant that the Tribunal was intended to deter further violence , then it failed , at least in the short run .
By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment .
The leaders that brought on failure and the groups that did not triumph become heroes for being able to claim that they courageously fought the enemy without being crushed .
Most importantly , Arafat failed to resolve the conflict or give his people an alternative vision to one of extreme radicalism and endless fighting .
Until now , while Gazans have suffered from the constant fighting and economic failures brought about by their leaders ' policies , they have been left alone in their private lives .
The discontent fueled by these failures is a major potential cause of unrest .
The fifty-year span of the epic battle between the free world and the Soviet empire was filled with division , uncertainty , self-doubt , setbacks , and failures .
Until recently , Africa 's poorest countries have been failing on this count .
In fact , most war is a failure of politics , a failure of political imagination .
They failed to comprehend that Iraq has long been an occupied and externally manipulated country .
They respond to hunger emergencies such as Niger 's with food relief , but fail to help with long-lasting solutions .
Yields , on average , barely support survival , and crop failures are common and deadly , while long-term global climate change , caused mainly by high energy consumption in the rich countries , may be exacerbating the frequency and severity of droughts .
But the US government 's failings are matched in many parts of the world , and certainly in the poorest countries , where scientific expertise is scarce , and where many governments do not have scientific advisory councils to turn to for guidance .
The failure to understand this lies behind repeated US foreign policy debacles in the Middle East , at least since the toppling of the Shah of Iran in 1979 .
Aid cutoffs regularly fail to produce desired political results for at least two reasons .
And , in rare cases , the vaccine itself has failed and led to infection .
This approach continues despite its persistent failure .
These factors , together with the obvious failings of many Middle Eastern governments , have fueled the surge of fundamentalism among Muslims , American Christians , and some Israeli Jews that has now boiled over to rampant extremism , terror , and messianic visions of good versus evil .
But the game is almost over , because the old approaches are obviously failing .
Recent attempts to influence developments in these countries through threats and sanctions , and sometimes war , have failed .
The international agencies involved in post-conflict reconstruction have so far failed to understand how to start or restart economic development in a low-income setting .
Canada signed but has failed to act .
All of this illustrates what is wrong with the World Bank , even aside from Wolfowitz 's failed leadership .
The Bank 's failures began in the early 1980 's , when , under the ideological sway of President Ronald Reagan and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , it tried to get Africa and other poor regions to cut back or close down government investments and services .
Whenever the Bank 's extreme free-market ideology failed , it has blamed the poor for corruption , mismanagement , or lack of initiative .
It is important that we recognize the source of America 's failure , because it keeps recurring , making peace between Israel and Palestine more difficult .
The roots of failure lie in the US and Israeli governments ' belief that military force and financial repression can lead to peace on their terms , rather than accepting a compromise on terms that the Middle East , the rest of the world , and , crucially , most Israelis and Palestinians , accepted long ago .
For the past ten years , the greatest practical barrier to peace has been Israel 's failure to carry out any true withdrawal to its 1967 borders , owing to the political weight of hundreds of thousands of settlers in the West Bank and the religious and secular communities that support them .
Declining rainfall contributed directly or indirectly to crop failures , the encroachment of the desert into pasturelands , the decline of water and grassland for livestock , and massive deforestation .
Currently , an alarming number of newborns die because of infection , mothers ' failure to breastfeed during the first days , or other preventable causes .
Today , Bush has begun to acknowledge the serious risks of climate change , though his administration has still failed to put forward any realistic proposals to reduce the rate of human-induced climate change .
The Bush administration fails to recognize these fundamental demographic and environmental challenges , that $ 800 billion of security spending wo n't bring irrigation to Afghanistan , Pakistan , Sudan , and Somalia , and therefore wo n't bring peace .
She also failed to acknowledge an exit poll carried out by a US foundation , which showed a clear Odinga victory .
But Bernanke was a Fed governor in the Greenspan years , and he , too , failed to diagnose correctly the growing problems with its policies .
To be sure , some of these deniers are simply scientifically ignorant , having been failed by the poor quality of science education in America .
After all , that kind of extremism can even lead to war , based on perverted views that a particular war is God 's will rather than a failure of politics and cooperation .
This easy-money policy , backed by regulators who failed to regulate , created unprecedented housing and consumer credit bubbles in the US and other countries , notably those that shared America 's policy orientation .
Second , several highly leveraged institutions , such as Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers , have gone bankrupt , causing further losses of wealth -LRB- of these failed institutions ' shareholders and creditors -RRB- and a further loss of credit that these firms once supplied .
Fourth , and finally , the failure of Lehman Brothers and near failure of the insurance giant AIG , incited a financial panic , in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper .
After the confused and misguided leadership of the Bush administration , which failed to give any clear path to energy , health , climate , and financial policies , President-elect Barack Obama will have to start charting a course that defines the American economy 's future direction .
Yet the good news shows that we will lose the battle against poverty and misery only if we give up , and fail to heed the intelligence and goodwill that can be mobilized today .
This is also a recipe for global failure , and even future conflict . Developed countries will have to do far more to help poor countries through the transition to sustainability .
Developed countries also fail to recognize that without much greater financing of sustainable infrastructure in the developing world -- especially sustainable power generation and transmission -- a global agreement on climate change later this year -LRB- or any time soon -RRB- will be impossible .
The G-20 meeting in London on April 2 offers hope for a true global effort to repair the failing world economy .
If we fail to meet the challenge , the global crisis will endanger the world for years to come .
The conflicts from Chad to Darfur , Sudan , to the Ogaden Desert in Ethiopia , to Somalia and its pirates , and across to Yemen , Iraq , Pakistan , and Afghanistan , lie in a great arc of arid lands where water scarcity is leading to failed crops , dying livestock , extreme poverty , and desperation .
As a result , the United States and Europe often spend tens or even hundreds of billions of dollars to send troops or bombers to quell uprisings or target `` failed states , '' but do not send one-tenth or even one-hundredth of that amount to address the underlying crises of water scarcity and under-development .
Peace Through Development New York -- American foreign policy has failed in recent years mainly because the United States relied on military force to address problems that demand development assistance and diplomacy .
Before investing hundreds of billions of dollars more in failing military operations , the Obama administration should re-think its policy and lay out a viable strategy to US citizens and the world .
In the span of three days , September 15-17 , 2008 , Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy , the mega-insurance company AIG was taken over by the United States government , and the failing Wall Street icon Merrill Lynch was absorbed by Bank of America in a deal brokered and financed by the US government .
The proposal not only failed , but also triggered a political backlash .
As a result , the US government now fails to provide adequately for basic public services such as modern infrastructure -LRB- fast rail , improved waste treatment , broadband -RRB- , renewable energy to fight climate change , decent schools , and health-care financing for those who can not afford it .
The answer , alas , is a failing grade .
In other words , the G-8 accountability principle became : if the G-8 fails to meet an important target , stop mentioning the target -- a cynical stance , especially at a summit heralded for `` accountability . ''
The G-8 did not fail because of the current financial crisis .
But is n't this what politicians like to do -- smile for the cameras , and then fail to honor their promises ?
Yet still we fail to act .
Yet , while it is clear that Obama would like to move forward on the issue , so far he has pursued a failed strategy of negotiating with senators and key industries to try to forge an agreement .
Yet the special interest groups have dominated the process , and Obama has failed to make any headway .
The rich will try to push such an agenda , but ultimately they will fail .
The US , by contrast , is a case of failure , except for youth from high-income households .
But , as the rich have successfully pressed for tax cuts and reductions in government spending , children from poor and working-class households are far less likely to receive a high-quality education , and the US government has failed to provide for training or adequate infrastructure .
The countries of North Africa and the Middle East should learn from East Asia and Northern Europe , and take pains to avoid the failures of the US .
As a result , Nasser increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and ultimately failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .
America 's failure to win any lasting geopolitical advantage through the use of military force in Iraq and Afghanistan underscore the limits of its power , while its budget crisis ensures that it will cut its military resources sooner rather than later .
The immediate cause of this disaster is clear : the rains have failed for two years running in the dry regions of East Africa .
When the rains fail , the grasses shrivel , the livestock die , and communities face starvation .
When the rains fail there , wars begin .
The US is far too focused on expensive and failed military approaches in the drylands -- whether in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , or Somalia -- to pay heed to long-term economic development strategies aimed at addressing the root causes of these countries ' ongoing crises .
The US and Europe are not only failing to respond to the African drought ; they have probably contributed to it through their greenhouse-gas emissions .
I wrote The Price of Civilization out of the conviction that the US government has failed to understand and respond to the challenges of globalization ever since it began to impact America 's economy in the 1970 's .
Argentina is vulnerable to external shocks such as declining agricultural commodity prices because Argentina failed to develop a diversified export sector , one in which a broad range of industrial and service sectors are internationally competitive .
In other words , Argentina has failed to become a technology-based economy .
Like an exit from a stadium that turns into a tragic stampede , financial panic resulted in the failure of many worthwhile investments when loans were recalled .
The US intelligence community has long understood that disease and impoverishment contribute to `` state failure , '' the technical term for political collapse , revolutions , civil wars , state-sponsored terrorism , and military coups .
When `` state failures '' occur , they are often followed by costly military interventions of the US and its allies .
But as with many promises , America and other donor countries have so far failed to live up to their pledges .
And yet the financial analysts that discuss these trends in the media have failed to assess them realistically .
Since there was no deposit insurance in the US at that time , bank depositors panicked when some banks began to fail .
That panic incited a widespread banking failure .
As world leaders gather in Johannesburg to discuss global environmental threats , many parts of the planet are battered by floods , droughts , harvest failures , massive forest fires , and even new diseases .
Hundreds of millions more live in fragile habitats on the steep slopes of mountains , or in semi-deserts , or in rain-fed regions where crops fail regularly when rain does n't arrive .
But no practical steps towards membership took place as Europe regularly - and rightly - pointed out that Turkey had failed to fulfill many conditions for membership , especially in regard to respect for human rights and the rule of law .
The failure to locate Saddam 's WMD 's is putting America 's grab for Iraqi oil into sharp focus .
Argentina endured economic collapse and four failed presidencies during the past three years .
IMF officials deny responsibility for the upheaval , but have failed to provide an honest public appraisal of Bolivia 's urgent financial needs .
Even after a failed assassination attempt , the US again brushed off requests for aid .
As 2003 draws to a close , it is time for world leaders to help guide the world away from the obsessive , failing approach of America 's government .
It has so far failed to act .
America is certainly not alone in failing to promote the international goals adopted in the UN .
Foreign investors were panicking over the prospect that Brazil would fail to roll over its foreign debts .
It was US policy that failed .
Imperial Germany was not threatened by Russian industrial dominance in the way von Moltke feared , and its military calculations also failed .
The biggest development failures tend to be in rural areas far from the coast .
The failures of economic development in the Andes , Central Asia , and Africa contribute to global instability , local insurrections and violence , drug trafficking , and bases for terrorism .
The problem is that we fail to cooperate globally to put those solutions into practice .
In recent years , the short rains have failed entirely , and long rains have been erratic .
If the world fails to mitigate future climate change , the effects of rising temperatures , increasing droughts , more numerous and severe tropical storms , rising sea levels , and a spread of tropical diseases will pose huge threats to the entire planet .
As those policies fail , global financial markets are reacting negatively , adding uncertainty to the world economy , and there is little relief in sight , because America is entering a period of prolonged political infighting and stalemate .
Second , major US investors , such as pension fund managers , are realizing that US companies that fail to control their emissions may be vulnerable to financial losses in the future .
Monarchic and theocratic systems have both failed .
The desire to exact revenge on Musharraf for stifling democracy and failing to provide Bhutto with sufficient security will only inflame a political atmosphere that Pakistani liberals seek to de-radicalize .
When one adds to this the stigma and explicitly discriminatory practices against the mentally ill , it is a wonder that failure to keep appointments and take medications is not more common than it is .
Nigeria is a paradigm of failed development .
That is why the police fail to take tough action against rioting young thugs .
There are 1.8 million new cases of the most serious form of kidney disease -- renal failure -- each year . Unless patients with renal failure receive a kidney transplant or undergo dialysis -- an expensive life-long procedure that cleanses the blood of toxins -- death is guaranteed within a few weeks .
Its story shows that , given strong national leadership , an internationally coordinated combination of military , humanitarian , technical , and financial assistance can help to turn around failed states , enabling them to rejoin the international financial and political communities and benefit fully from linkages to the global economy .
North Korea is a failing state economically , a fact that Kim Jong-il and his cronies appear to recognize .
At the other end , conservatism in many European countries has historically veered too close for comfort to right-wing extremism . In Germany today , conservatism was forged in the wake of the Weimar Republic 's failures , experiences unknown to Anglo-Saxon conservatives .
Indeed , as we face today 's security challenges - terrorism , proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , failed states - we can not afford not to .
Moreover , many allies ' failure to respect the 2 % - of-GDP target for their defense budgets exacerbates this dilemma , and also widens the capability gap with those allies that are investing in usable and deployable forces .
Nevertheless , because both Hu and Bush fear the economic effects of reducing their country 's carbon emissions , each has hidden behind the non-participation of the other to justify absence from international efforts and failure to assume a global leadership role .
Having awakened to the environmental threat , the next challenge for Hu is to begin translating some of China 's new awareness and boldness into its foreign policy -- exactly what the US has failed to do .
While it assigns responsibility to Japan for WWII , and even unflinchingly names the political and military leaders who bear responsibility , one can still detect a whiff of reluctance in its failure to fully describe some of Japan 's war-time actions .
I make these somewhat critical observations about China not with any sense of moral superiority or a wish to relieve myself of the responsibility to level the same critique at my own country 's recent failures .
Their success inevitably requires directly confronting their evident moral failures .
This anniversary should have provided ample reason for a heated debate about the successes and failures of German reunification and for offering a vision for Germany and Europe for the next 20 years .
As late as this past May , the FDP defended the ownership rights of US billionaire Christopher Flowers , a major stockholder in the failed German bank Hypo Real Estate , which was saved from oblivion by state guarantees worth more than ¤ 100 billion of taxpayers ' money .
This party , now using the presumptuous name `` The Left , '' has gained a foothold in West Germany with its impossible promises of higher pensions , a minimum hourly wage of ¤ 10 , huge public investment schemes , and zero unemployment -- in short , exactly the kind of socialist paradise that failed in East Germany .
TOULOUSE -- If history punishes those who fail to learn from it , financial history does its punishing with a sadistic twist -- it also punishes those who learn from it too enthusiastically .
First , we thought that the main reason why banks fail is that depositors panic , not that the main reason depositors panic is that banks are in danger of failing .
Like the view that running away from lions provokes them to eat you , there is a grain of truth in the view that banks fail because depositors panic .
Even in the 1930 's , most banks failed as a result of bad management and illegal activity , as is true today .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
If bank failures typically reflect real underlying problems , sensitive professional investors can be expected to react quickly when any whiff of panic is in the air .
But the shadow system 's failure after the collapse of Lehman Brothers was no less a bank run just because professional investors were involved .
The recent `` stress tests '' of European banks were blatantly designed as a confidence-building measure rather than a genuine exploration of possible systemic weaknesses -- failing , for instance , to include the possibility of default on Greek sovereign debt .
Positive results will persuade only those who have learned well the lessons of the 1930 's -- and then failed to forget them .
No multilateral investment agreement will be able to address all of the institutional problems and market failures that prevent capital from flowing to developing countries .
While more action is needed to accelerate progress , a failure to achieve the MDGs by 2015 would not mean that they are worthless , or that aid is inefficient .
Thus , by focusing on the -LRB- arbitrary -RRB- date of 2015 , we fail to perceive the fundamental change that the MDGs represent .
Beyond the MDGs semi-success or semi-failure by 2015 , the key question is whether the international community will be able to overcome its myopia and schizophrenia .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
But , given that the Bush doctrine has compounded the failed-state problem , this is a bogus argument .
However many failed states there were in the world before America invaded Iraq , there is one more now .
Now Taiwan 's leaders point to Hong Kong as a failed model of a flawed concept .
Whatever his decision , Taiwan 's first DPP president will go down in history as a pathetic failure , because he used his office to divide the island 's citizens , as if his domestic political opponents were Taiwan 's mortal enemies .
Chen 's record suggests he will hang on to his failed presidency .
Now we know that Wall Street 's titans were never all that smart , and certainly not very ethical , for they failed the only test that counts .
The stress tests were meant to signal to the public that there was no immediate threat of bank failures .
But no one ever seriously thought that the US would allow Citigroup and Bank of America , to name just two , to fail .
As taxpayers had already put huge sums into rescuing failing banks , with the prospect of more to come , a transparent process to reveal how the money was being used was imperative .
It is likely to take the form of an opaque global credit glut , turbocharged by the fragile mixture of too-big-to-fail global banking with a huge and largely unwatched and unregulated shadow banking sector .
But Claudio Borio and Piti Disayat , economists at the Bank for International Settlements , have argued convincingly that the savings-glut theory fails to explain the unsustainable credit creation in the run-up to the 2008 crisis .
We urgently need to monitor and understand the role of shadow banking and the too-big-to-fail banks in creating the global credit glut .
The success or failure of the Constituent Assembly will rest on whether the presumptive winner , the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoists -RRB- , will work collaboratively with the other parties rather than trying to push its own agenda exclusively .
During Putin 's first term , the Kremlin `` power structures '' -LRB- now dominated by former KGB cronies of Putin from Saint Petersburg -RRB- failed to gain control over the country 's key financial and economic institutions .
Today 's anti-oligarch war has exposed Putin 's failure to deliver the `` dictatorship of law '' he promised when he took office .
They lack a leader , have no agenda , and failed to seize power during Putin 's first term .
I think they will fail again during Putin 's second term .
What will they do when they realize that it has failed to secure sustainable economic growth and political stability ?
There is no government below him to take the blame for failure , and failure is the easiest way to lose legitimacy .
The prospect raised by today 's new technologies in finance and information is that some of the `` market failures '' at the root of state involvement in the economy may cease to exist .
Were such a market for science to exist , scientists would form enterprises , just like businesses , the best of which would succeed , while others would fail .
The government then increased funding for basic research and created `` centers of excellence '' at universities , but it failed to dismantle the koza system , in which powerful senior professors often dominate research departments .
But homebuyers are not as savvy , so they may not see the change coming or they may fail to plan for it .
Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing , we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth , only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001 .
It helps explain the rise of protectionism , and the failure of the WTO trade talks in Cancun last September to improve emerging countries ' access to advanced-country markets .
In the US , union failure to represent members ' interests adequately contributed to a major pension default at the Studebaker Corporation in 1963 .
The AFL-CIO , the United Auto Workers and the United Steel Workers then petitioned Congress -- against strong opposition from business interests -- to establish the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation in 1974 to insure private pensions against companies ' failure to honor them .
The public 's failure to recognize inflation trends meant that long-term bonds were a terrible investment until 1980 , when inflation was only a little lower than yields , and a lucrative investment thereafter , when declining inflation and high yields guaranteed large real gains .
The failure was caused by the absence of appropriate international institutions that would be alert to the broad spectrum of potential disasters .
But if we fail to make provisions for lives that are longer , many elderly people will be condemned to poverty .
The old tool for managing farmers ' risks is crop insurance , which responds directly to the failure of a crop .
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming .
The farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail .
The moral hazard implicit in crop insurance can be addressed by making payouts depend not on the actual crop failure but on the bad weather that caused it .
Historically , failure to protect against inflation or deflation has helped spur calamitous outcomes .
Similarly , spectacular deflation in many countries around the world in the early 1930 's magnified the real value of -LRB- unhedged and unindexed -RRB- debts , leading to millions of defaults and widespread bank failures .
But this promising start follows a long trail of failures to create inflation futures , owing to the public 's lack of interest .
This failure can be explained only by the money illusion , which ultimately is connected with what psychologists call `` framing . ''
He recently criticized Bolivian President Evo Morales 's threats to seize foreign assets for his failure in this regard : `` Radicalism is incompatible with the common sense needed from someone who governs . ''
The image of a bank run , of long lines of angry people lining up outside a failed bank , was briefly on our minds after the Northern Rock failure in Britain .
More fundamentally , why do these countries seemingly fail to exercise the kind of economic leadership and innovation that their histories lead us to expect , especially in the innovative high technology sectors that most define our future ?
Reinventing Economics NEW HAVEN -- The widespread failure of economists to forecast the financial crisis that erupted in 2008 has much to do with faulty models .
In fact , the failure of economists ' models to forecast the current crisis will mark the beginning of their overhaul . This will happen as economists ' redirect their research efforts by listening to scientists with different expertise .
NEW HAVEN -- Central bankers around the world failed to see the current financial crisis coming before its beginnings in 2007 .
And yet , although these central banks failed us before the crisis , they should still play the lead role in preventing the next crisis .
Recent history shows that political appointees often fail to take courageous or unpopular steps to stabilize the economy .
Instead , low long-term real interest rates appear to reflect a general failure by governments over the years to use the borrowing opportunities that the inflation-indexed markets present to them .
But , while the history of stock-market prediction is littered with too much failure to try to decide whether the bounceback will continue much longer , it does n't look like a bubble , but more like the end of a depression scare .
There is nothing we can do now to compensate for failures to manage risks in the past .
Yet another psychological barrier is a sort of ego involvement in our own success . Our tendency to take full credit for our successes discourages us from facing up to the possibility of loss or failure , because considering such prospects calls into question our self-satisfaction .
But that view fails to comprehend that a weakened , corrupt , and abusive Central Asia is not in America 's interest , or in Afghanistan 's for that matter .
A pest control technology that fails to control pests might be good for seed corporations that are also agrichemical corporations .
When the tool fails , it needs to be replaced .
Bt cotton technology has failed to control pests or secure farmers lives and livelihoods .
Should President Thabo Mbeki step down as mediator in the Zimbabwe crisis , not because he has failed , but to remove from South Africa the constraints that being a mediator put in place ?
Americans tend to talk a lot about morality and justice . But most Americans still fail to realize that their country 's refusal to sign the Kyoto protocol , and their subsequent business -- as-usual approach to greenhouse gas emissions , is a moral failing of the most serious kind .
If the rich nations pollute the atmosphere with carbon dioxide , causing my crops to fail because of changing rainfall patterns , or my fields are inundated by a rise in the sea level , should n't I also be able to sue ?
This year , the overall leader , two other riders , and two teams were expelled or withdrew from the race as a result of failing , or missing , drug tests .
Patients , too , may fail to seek treatment , because mental illness still carries a stigma that can make it harder to acknowledge than a physical illness .
If these considerations fail to get people to the polls , however , compulsory voting is one way of overcoming the free-rider problem .
If , for example , an agency working to reduce poverty in Africa cuts staff with expert knowledge , it is more likely to end up funding projects that fail .
It may not even know which of its projects fail , because evaluating them , and learning from mistakes , requires staff -- and that adds to administrative costs .
But this reply fails to deal with the suffering of those who drown in floods , are burned alive in forest fires caused by lightning , or die of hunger or thirst during a drought .
That still fails to explain why an all-powerful and all-good god would permit it .
But he fails to see anything gravely wrong about misleading his country and the world concerning Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
Again , Obama has both the background -- with his family ties to Kenya -- and a promising policy , to increase America 's foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa .
But if Obama fails to make good on his promise of change , it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians .
This outcome is not , however , very different from natural conception , for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall , with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever `` pregnant . ''
That makes failure a distinct possibility .
Aristotle took a different view , one that fits better with our everyday experience of failing to do what we know to be best .
Thus , the problem is not lack of knowledge , but the failure of our reason to master other , non-rational aspects of our nature .
· Tell your family and friends about your resolution , thus both gaining support and increasing the personal cost of failure ;
Steven Aftergood , head of the project on government secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists , counts Wikileaks among the enemies of an open society because of its failure to respect the rule of law and the rights of individuals .
And the Wikileaks Web site points out that while openness may lead to some highly visible bad consequences , what we fail to see are the consequences of not publishing , and the way in which a climate of openness makes it more likely that governments and corporations will act more ethically .
For a long time , rich countries have promised to reduce poverty , but have failed to match their words with adequate action .
For now , it looks very much as if , come 2015 , the world 's leaders will have failed to keep their -LRB- watered-down -RRB- promises . That means that they will be responsible for permitting the needless deaths , every year , of millions of people .
Nigeria and Angola are other glaring examples of countries that have failed to use their oil wealth for the benefit of their people .
MELBOURNE -- Sometimes we know the best thing to do , but fail to do it .
He found that when people want to quit smoking , they are more likely to succeed if they arrange to lose money should they fail .
In a randomized trial , 30 % of those who risked a penalty for failure achieved their goal , compared to only 5 % in the control group .
Then , as an incentive to fulfill your commitment , you can decide on a penalty that you must pay if you fail .
For example , one way of giving yourself a strong incentive to reach your goal is to commit to pay money to someone if you fail .
In addition , the Web site makes the commitment public , and allows you to have supporters who will encourage you to meet your goal , and whom you will disappoint if you fail .
The idea is an old one , but its modern form is rooted in the tragic failure to intervene in the Rwandan genocide in 1994 .
Former US President Bill Clinton has said that the mistake he most regrets making during his presidency was his failure to push for intervention in Rwanda .
In response , Canada 's government established an International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty , which recommended that military intervention could be justified , as an extraordinary measure , where large-scale loss of life is occurring or imminent , owing to deliberate state action or the state 's refusal or failure to act .
Instead , what formed was a region of entities that have largely failed to cohere as nations .
Negotiations in such an atmosphere are almost fated to failure .
America 's failure to talk to Iran is as foolhardy as its decades-long failure to talk with Mao 's China .
And the ongoing failure to talk to North Korea does not appear to be working either , as the recent shelling of South Korea demonstrates .
A young population with no memory of the Islamic Revolution is desperate for the jobs that its leaders have failed to provide .
In the sub-prime crisis , a similar phenomenon was implicitly at work , with banks speculating that they were too big for governments to let them fail .
Any political attempt to stop this process any sooner is bound to fail .
Had the ECB failed to finance these deficits , the GIPS would have had a hard time finding the money to pay for their net imports .
The draft EU constitution , which failed in the French and Dutch referenda last year , breathes the spirit of this approach .
But these two prominent , national membership organizations may succeed in dampening Islamic militancy where the government , afraid of waging the battle it must fight , has failed dismally .
By contrast , the virtuous Chinese , who save a large proportion of their incomes , were castigated by Western economists for their failure to understand that their duty to humanity was to spend .
In Greenspan 's summary of Schumpeter 's thinking , a `` market economy will incessantly revitalize itself from within by scrapping old and failing businesses and then reallocating resources to newer , more productive ones . '' Greenspan had seen `` this pattern of progress and obsolescence repeat over and over again . ''
Shaky Social Contracts LONDON -- `` Enrich yourselves , '' China 's Deng Xiaoping told his fellow countrymen when he started dismantling Mao Zedong 's failed socialist model .
When the services fail , the position of the wealthy is threatened .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
In face of economic failure or military defeat , their emperors turn out to be naked .
If the housing market started to fail , these paper assurances of safety would become , in Warren Buffett 's words , `` financial weapons of mass destruction . ''
Indeed , even beyond the political left , the Anglo-American model of capitalism is deemed to have failed .
The Thatcherite assumption , in other words , was that government failure is far more menacing to prosperity than market failure .
Inflation in 1950-1973 and 1980-2007 was about the same -- just over 3 % -- while inflation targeting has failed to prevent a succession of asset bubbles that have brought recessions in their wake .
In rebuilding the shattered post-Thatcherite economy , we should be careful not to revive the failed policies of the past .
Many countries had `` failed '' states that could not provide even the minimum conditions of security and health .
After all , for all its other failings , colonialism provided the essential precondition of economic development : peace and security .
But the evidence of 50 years of failed efforts is that it has n't a clue what to do about it .
MOSCOW &#45; &#45; The greatest disappointment of the postcommunist era has been the failure of the West -- particularly Europe -- to build a successful relationship with Russia .
I believe that the attempt by President Putin 's Kremlin to impose `` liberal empire '' or `` sovereign democracy '' on the post-Soviet states will fail .
If Russia fails in its attempt to become an independent center of power to rival the US -LRB- and eventually China -RRB- , what role will it play ?
Additionally , the central bank acts as `` lender of last resort '' to commercial banks considered `` too big to fail . ''
The danger unleashed by sweeping away the Glass-Steagall barrier to moral hazard became clear after Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail in September 2008 .
The main part of the banking system was able to take risks without having to foot the bill for failure .
Goldman whiz-kid Fabrice Tourre is charged with having created a complicated security that was designed to fail .
It has become dangerously dependent on economic success , so that any large-scale economic failure will expose the shallowness of its moral claims .
Most participants failed to distinguish between history as a constraint and history as a determinant .
Coordinated fiscal expansion -LRB- $ 5 trillion -RRB- by the world 's leading governments arrested the downward slide , but failed to produce a healthy rebound .
In other words , today 's turmoil over currencies and trade is a direct result of our failure to solve our employment problem .
The failure of the G-20 's Seoul meeting to make any progress towards agreement on exchange rates or future reserve arrangements opens the door to a re-run of the 1930 's .
But socialism , in its classical form , failed -- as it had to .
And there was the growing evidence of post-colonial regimes ' failure , violence , and corruption , especially in Africa .
Indeed , it was often more than a point of honor : failure to repay debt on time landed the debtor in prison .
Until recently , the conventional view was that `` mature '' sovereigns always honored their debts , while only banana republics failed to do so .
It is impossible not to hear in such nonsense the cocksure drumbeat of the Money Power , which has never failed to identify the public interest with its own .
In the UK , a Financial Policy Committee within the Bank of England is to monitor the `` systemic risk '' of financial failure , with a Prudential Regulatory Authority supervising systemically important institutions .
The mandate gap reflects the way the world has done business with the UN for decades -- big promises , small pay-outs , much scapegoating if the UN then fails .
Indeed , the human-rights experiment that Tony Blair 's Labor government brought to Britain has failed .
In mid-November , EU foreign ministers failed to agree on a common approach to Russian energy -- just as reports resurfaced that Russia may seek to establish a natural gas cartel similar to OPEC .
That is likely to remain true as long as the West fails to adopt an energy strategy that causes the Kremlin to change course .
The challenge of governing global risks is nothing less than the challenge of preventing the `` end of history '' -- not as the placid apotheosis of liberal democracy 's global victory , but as the worst collective failure we can imagine .
Even with so many failed efforts in the past , there is a clear window of opportunity for the United States and Israel to urgently push for a lasting settlement .
This policy proved to be a failure -- placing stability ahead of democracy brought neither , and isolated peace efforts went nowhere .
Even Margaret Thatcher failed to touch the National Health Service .
The reason is essentially the same throughout Europe : slow economic growth implies few prospects for a better life , while the welfare state has failed to create jobs .
Given a slow economy , a failed welfare state , and uncontrolled immigration -- challenges for which no mainstream parties on the right or the left have any coherent proposals -- the appeal of the far right 's soft populism will continue to haunt France and Europe .
Despite this huge concentration of powers in the presidency , or perhaps because of it , the Fifth Republic has failed to perform better than more democratic Western regimes .
Many grandiose Gaullist economic projects -- from the Concorde supersonic airplane to a national computer industry -- failed .
That the traditional left is so inert in the midst of today 's economic crisis is more than strange . Instead of thriving on renewed doubts about capitalism , Europe 's Socialist parties have failed to make any serious political inroads .
Even Sweden 's out-of-power Socialists , the country 's dominant party for a century , have failed to capitalize on the crisis .
European socialists have failed to address the crisis cogently because of their internal divisions .
The communist Cuba he helped to forge is an undisputed and unmitigated failure , much more impoverished and much less free than it was before its `` liberation . ''
The fact that this package failed to bring relief indicates that something is fundamentally wrong with the international financial system .
My proposal would achieve what the recently announced package failed to achieve , and at no higher a price .
The international financial system is broken down in the sense that it fails to provide adequate capital to countries that need it most and qualify for it .
Global financial markets suck most of the world 's savings to the center , but they fail to pump money back out to the periphery .
Brazil , for example , confronts an unambiguous case of market failure .
But let 's be clear : failure to address the problem could have disastrous consequences .
Having failed to provide effective assistance , the West is no position to exert much political influence .
If Americans fail to recognize that they may be wrong , they risk undermining the country 's dominant position .
Bush is right to assert that repressive regimes can no longer hide behind a cloak of sovereignty : what goes on inside tyrannies and failed states is of vital interest to the rest of the world .
For example , failure of management reform would fuel demands by the US Congress to withhold America 's contributions to the UN budget -- a policy that would greatly undermine America 's own interests , such as the planned expansion of the mission to stop genocide in Darfur .
Nationalist , xenophobic , and anti-Muslim sentiments are on the rise , aggravated by the failure to integrate immigrant communities .
But all too often the EU fails to live up to its potential .
Likewise , the EU has failed to give adequate support to Georgia , or to impose appropriate sanctions on Uzbekistan for last year 's massacre at Andijon .
Popper failed to recognize that in democratic politics , gathering public support takes precedence over the pursuit of truth .
Boom-bust processes usually revolve around credit , and always involve a bias or misconception -- usually a failure to recognize a reflexive , circular connection between the willingness to lend and the value of the collateral .
On Monday he allowed Lehman Brothers to fail and refused to make government funds available to save AIG .
The process began in earnest after the failure of Lehman Brothers , when on October 12 , 2008 , European finance ministers found it necessary to reassure their publics that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
Unless it introduces practical measures to support the countries at the periphery of the global financial system , global markets will suffer another round of decline , just as they did after United States Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's failure in February to produce practical measures to recapitalize America 's banking system .
Among other measures , both Europe and the US have effectively guaranteed that no other important financial institution will be allowed to fail .
If a bank is too big to fail , regulators should go even further , and regulate proprietary traders ' compensation packages to ensure that risks and rewards are properly aligned .
A new Bretton Woods conference , like the one that established the post-WWII international financial architecture , is needed to establish new international rules , including treatment of financial institutions that are too big to fail and the role of capital controls .
If Obama fails , the next administration will be sorely tempted to create some diversion from troubles at home -- at great peril to the world .
Others -- including me -- failed to anticipate the extent of the rebound .
Overall , the international financial authorities have handled this crisis the same way as they handled previous ones : they bailed out failing institutions and applied monetary and fiscal stimulus .
The failed rescue of Lehman Brothers was a game-changing event : financial markets actually ceased to function .
This meant that governments had to effectively guarantee that no other institution whose collapse could endanger the system would be allowed to fail .
The situation is aggravated by the market in credit default swaps , which is biased in favor of those who speculate on failure .
Segregated schooling is a barrier to integration and produces prejudice and failure .
Not only does this undermine European values and legal principles , but it fails to address the root causes of the problem .
If it fails to live up to the responsibilities of leadership , the global currency system is liable to break down and take the world economy with it .
The consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , when governments , in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing , had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
By failing to make any progress beyond keeping the talks alive , the Cancún summit has given the impression that nothing is happening , and that the situation is hopeless .
The decisive moment came after Lehman Brothers collapsed , and authorities had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
An open society does not treat prevailing arrangements as sacrosanct ; it allows for alternatives when those arrangements fail .
They established the principle that their new fiscal agency , the European Financial Stability Fund -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , should be responsible for solvency problems , but they failed to increase the EFSF 's size . This stopped short of establishing a credible fiscal authority for the eurozone .
This is not so much because further top-down measures are needed , but because market failures hamper the required bottom-up drive .
The persistence of civil wars , periodic failure of ceasefires and mediation efforts , and protagonists that are sometimes warlords and rapacious militias -- rather than states capable of making rational decisions -- all add to the difficulty of conflict resolution by diplomatic means and traditional peacekeeping .
In the face of Western and , in particular , American skepticism about South Africa 's failure , and that of the Africa Union , to engineer an acceptable outcome to the Zimbabwean crisis , money may not be forthcoming .
Some claim that smaller entities can fail without impairing the system , thus sparing taxpayers the cost of a bailout .
But if systemic risk emerges in ways that are not yet fully understood , smaller banks may all fail or become distressed simultaneously , damaging the real economy .
The other way is to try to reduce the informational gaps or their impact by regulating the expertise and incentives surrounding the rating process -LRB- the failure of which had serious consequences in the current crisis -RRB- .
One is the `` perfect storm '' position : there were very many failures , misperceptions , informational asymmetries , and complexities , as well as much repugnant behavior , but it never occurred to market participants , regulators , or academics that the aggregate effect would be a near-collapse of the system .
A failure on this front would derail their strengthening domestic and regional growth dynamics .
Elites , after all , failed to see the crisis coming and to take steps to prevent it , and some of them appear to be the only ones who are recovering : profits are up , but employment is not .
Certainly , the vast majority of economists , investment analysts , financial firms , and regulators failed to see the growing risk . In fact , it had deep roots .
Elements of the investment portfolio in the public sector and the SOEs are beginning to fail this test .
Combined with elevated capital requirements for banks , it would reduce the chance of another simultaneous failure of all credit channels .
From a political point of view , the crisis has been portrayed as a failure of financial regulation , with irresponsible lending fueling a rapid rise in systemic risk . That leaves the rest of the real economy populated with people who feel like victims -- albeit victims who , prior to the crisis , bought a lot of houses , vacations , TVs , and cars .
All of these failures became fully manifest in 2005 , when European governments watered down the Stability and Growth Pact 's rules to a degree that effectively made them optional .
Such sanctions should begin to be imposed when governments fail to meet minimum requirements for attaining medium-term objectives .
It fails to recognize that neither expanded peacekeeping nor efficiently delivered aid will achieve their desired ends until the Afghan public accepts the Karzai government as fairly representing its interests . Today it does not .
Britain failed in America and the French crown failed in France because the governed ceased to recognize their authority .
Western media judged the election a failure .
The picture is further complicated by security risks such as nuclear arms proliferation , fundamentalism , and weak or failing governance .
Second , unlike a president , who , however incompetent or unpopular , remains in power for a fixed term , the head of government in a parliamentary system can be removed at any time by a vote of no confidence , clearing the way for a new , majority-backed government -- or , failing that , fresh elections .
German foreign policy from 1890 to 1914 , for which the Kaiser bore formal and intermittently actual responsibility , comprised a series of failures and setbacks .
After the battle of the Marne -LRB- September 1914 -RRB- and the failure of the Schlieffen Plan , some of Wilhelm 's advisers realized that the chances for a military victory were slim , hence the need for a negotiated peace .
But , ultimately , his chief failure had been to hand power to military and civilian hawks -- wrongly called conservatives , for their vision was a radical reordering of Europe .
Pundits agree this is merely the latest in a string of IMF-led bailouts that squandered billions of dollars and failed to save the economies they were meant to help .
The nature of that failure , however , is disputed .
For a while this created a seemingly more stable banking system , but that system failed to lend to small and medium sized firms .
Any government that follows policies which leave large fractions of the population unemployed or underemployed is failing in its primary mission .
The benefits of tax-cut-fueled growth would trickle down to all -- policies that have become fashionable in Europe and elsewhere , but that have failed .
Meanwhile , the financial sector failed to create products that would help ordinary people manage the risks they faced , including the risks of home ownership .
Defenders of markets sometimes admit that they do fail , even disastrously , but they claim that markets are `` self-correcting . ''
Moreover , most analysts agree that at least part of the rationale behind Russia 's invasion of Georgia , reigniting fears of a new Cold War , was its confidence that , with America 's armed forces pre-occupied with two failing wars -LRB- and badly depleted because of a policy of not replacing military resources as fast as they are used up -RRB- , there was little America could do in response .
True , the war in Iraq distracted America 's attention from Afghanistan . But the failures in Iraq are a matter of strategy , not troop strength .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
The worry is that , at least in some cases , the IMF will go back to its old failed recipes : fiscal and monetary contraction , which would only increase global inequities .
Likewise , the old Bretton Woods institutions came to be defined by a set of economic doctrines that has now been shown to fail not only in developing countries , but even in capitalism 's heartland .
This is especially so because America has exported not just its recession , but its failed deregulatory philosophy and toxic mortgages , so financial institutions in Europe and elsewhere are also confronting many of the same problems .
It is the flow of credit that is important , and the reason that the failure of banks during the Great Depression was important is that they were involved in determining creditworthiness ; they were the repositories of information necessary for the maintenance of the flow of credit .
In a widely attended brainstorming session at which participants were asked what single failure accounted for the crisis , there was a resounding answer : the belief that markets were self-correcting .
Instead , it has enabled America 's failures to spread around the world , like a contagious disease .
The real failings in the Obama recovery program , however , lie not in the stimulus package but in its efforts to revive financial markets .
America 's failures provide important lessons to countries around the world , which are or will be facing increasing problems with their banks :
Perverse incentives fueled excessive risk-taking , and banks that are near collapse but are too big to fail will engage in even more of it .
Letting AIG fail might have hurt some systemically important institutions , but dealing with that would have been better than to gamble upwards of $ 150 billion and hope that some of it might stick where it is important .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
Indeed , the efforts to rescue them devoted so little thought to the kind of post-crisis financial system we want that we will end up with a banking system that is less competitive , with the large banks that were too big too fail even larger .
It has long been recognized that those America 's banks that are too big to fail are also too big to be managed .
If they take big bets and win , they walk away with the proceeds ; if they fail , the government picks up the tab .
Sometimes , the government must provide additional funds ; sometimes it looks for a new investor to take over the failed bank .
But this new form of ersatz capitalism , in which losses are socialized and profits privatized , is doomed to failure .
We need to break up the too-big-to-fail banks ; there is no evidence that these behemoths deliver societal benefits that are commensurate with the costs they have imposed on others .
The downturn in the US began with a failure in the financial system , which quickly was translated into a slowdown in the real economy .
If science is defined by its ability to forecast the future , the failure of much of the economics profession to see the crisis coming should be a cause of great concern .
Our regulators and elected officials were politically captured -- special interests in the financial markets gained a great deal from rampant deregulation and the failure to adapt the regulatory structure to the new products .
This assumption overshadowed a wide body of research that helped explain why markets often work imperfectly -- why , indeed , there are widespread market failures .
The implication of Brown 's observation is that such restrictions will not ensure that there is not another crisis ; but King is right to demand that banks that are too big to fail be reined in .
The crisis is a result of at least eight distinct but related failures :
· Too-big-to-fail banks have perverse incentives ; if they gamble and win , they walk off with the proceeds ; if they fail , taxpayers pick up the tab .
· Financial institutions are too intertwined to fail ; the part of AIG that cost America 's taxpayers $ 180 billion was relatively small .
· In assessing their own risk , banks do not look at the externalities that they -LRB- or their failure -RRB- would impose on others , which is one reason why we need regulation in the first place .
· Regulators , who are supposed to understand all of this and prevent actions that spur systemic risk , failed .
King is right : banks that are too big to fail are too big to exist . If they continue to exist , they must exist in what is sometimes called a `` utility '' model , meaning that they are heavily regulated .
It is a skewed playing field -- and one increasingly skewed against smaller players . Who would n't prefer a credit default swap underwritten by the US or UK government ; no wonder that too-big-to-fail institutions dominate this market .
There are many reasons for market failures .
In this case , too-big-to-fail financial institutions had perverse incentives : if they gambled and succeeded , they walked off with the profits ; if they lost , the taxpayer would pay .
Externalities are pervasive : the failure of one bank imposed costs on others , and failures in the financial system imposed costs on taxpayers and workers all over the world .
The failure of Copenhagen was not the absence of a legally binding agreement .
The real failure was that there was no agreement about how to achieve the lofty goal of saving the planet , no agreement about reductions in carbon emissions , no agreement on how to share the burden , and no agreement on help for developing countries .
The consequences of the failure are already apparent : the price of emission rights in the European Union Emission Trading System has fallen , which means that firms will have less incentive to reduce emissions now and less incentive to invest in innovations that will reduce emissions in the future .
Underlying the failure in Copenhagen are some deep problems .
Given the fundamental problems underlying it , Copenhagen 's failure should not be a surprise .
Besides , well-designed taxes on the financial sector might help alleviate problems caused by excessive leverage and banks that are too big to fail .
A series of half-offers and vague promises , intended to calm the market , failed .
But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model .
Most of those responsible for the mistakes -- whether at the US Federal Reserve , the US Treasury , Britain 's Bank of England and Financial Services Authority , the European Commission and European Central Bank , or in individual banks , have not owned up to their failures .
Increased resolution authority will help , but only a little : in the last crisis , US government `` blinked , '' failed to use the powers that it had , and needlessly bailed out shareholders and bondholders -- all because it feared that doing otherwise would lead to economic trauma .
As long as there are banks that are too big to fail , government will most likely `` blink '' again .
Such government-insured underwriting distorts the market , giving big banks a competitive advantage , not necessarily because they are more efficient , but because they are `` too big to fail . ''
If effective restrictions on the derivatives business of government-insured banks -LRB- whether actually insured , or effectively insured because they are too big to fail -RRB- survive in the final version of the bill , the general interest might indeed prevail over special interests , and democratic forces over moneyed lobbyists .
What is news is the Obama administration 's reluctant and belated recognition that its efforts to get the housing and mortgage markets working again have largely failed .
In short , government policies to support the housing market not only have failed to fix the problem , but are prolonging the deleveraging process and creating the conditions for Japanese-style malaise .
The IMF has , at last , recognized the failure of its big bailout policies - failures all too evident in Thailand , Indonesia , Korea , Russia , Brazil , and most recently , in Argentina .
Nowhere was the problem more evident than in the 1998 Russian bailout , where only after the `` failure '' - after the ruble 's devaluation - did growth resume .
The big bailout strategies , associated with the Clinton-era IMF of Michel Camdessus , Stanley Fischer , Larry Summers , and Robert Rubin , failed abysmally .
But the Fed , captured for more than two decades by market fundamentalists and Wall Street interests , not only failed to impose restraints , but acted as cheerleaders .
The standard models failed to predict the crisis , but bad ideas die a slow death .
So , while bringing down short-term T-bill rates to near zero has failed , the hope is that bringing down longer-term interest rates will spur the economy .
The Obama administration 's efforts to deal with the real-estate market have been a dismal failure , perhaps succeeding only in postponing further declines .
Regrettably , it is far from clear that it has changed its thinking and models , which failed to maintain the economy on an even keel before -- and are certain to fail again .
-LRB- To be fair , the banks tried to take advantage of the more financially sophisticated as well , as with securities created by Goldman Sachs that were designed to fail . -RRB-
The problem is politics : in the US , the Republican Party would rather see President Barack Obama fail than the economy succeed .
The response to the private-sector failures and profligacy that had caused the crisis was to demand public-sector austerity !
Virtuous though democracy is -- and as Tunisia has shown , it is far better than the alternative -- we should remember the failures of those who claim its mantle , and that there is more to true democracy than periodic elections , even when they are conducted fairly .
Despite the failure of the IMF 's strategy in East Asia , Latin America , and elsewhere , it still has adherents , even within the emerging markets .
Both in assisting shifts in employment and in maintaining full employment , the Bush Administration has failed .
This medicine failed in East Asia , Latin America , and elsewhere , and it will fail in Europe this time around , too . Indeed , it has already failed in Ireland , Latvia , and Greece .
A failure of either Europe or the US to return to robust growth would be bad for the global economy .
A failure in both would be disastrous -- even if the major emerging-market countries have attained self-sustaining growth .
The European Central Bank 's vehement opposition to what is essential to all capitalist economies -- the restructuring of failed or insolvent entities ' debt -- is evidence of the continuing fragility of the Western banking system .
And social protest has found fertile ground everywhere : a sense that the `` system '' has failed , and the conviction that even in a democracy , the electoral process will not set things right -- at least not without strong pressure from the street .
The anti-globalization protests in Seattle in 1999 , at what was supposed to be the inauguration of a new round of trade talks , called attention to the failures of globalization and the international institutions and agreements that govern it .
We learn from economic policy failures as well as from successes .
At this point , the IMF castigates the country for failing to fulfill its commitments .
Failures in Indonesia , Thailand , and Korea of 1997 were followed by failures in Russia and Brazil the next year : in those cases , attempts to maintain exchange rates at overvalued levels left taxpayers in those countries billions of dollars poorer .
With each failure , the IMF 's credibility decreased .
As a result of these failures , a global consensus has emerged that the global financial crisis was mismanaged and that reforms are needed in the global economic architecture .
The Bush administration and the new team at the IMF -LRB- when it arrives -RRB- have an opportunity to move away from the failed strategies for development , transition , and crises of the past .
Cheerleaders of the private sector , however , failed to reckon with the ability of company bosses to indulge in corrupt practices on an almost unfathomable scale , something American corporate capitalism has demonstrated amply of late .
As `` money talks '' in politics , private incentives distort public policy and prevent it from correcting market failures in ways that , in turn , further distort private incentives .
It failed to take advantage of opportunities afforded by more open trade with an emerging market that has a sophisticated and highly qualified public service .
Instead , the Bush administration pushed ahead with tax cuts for the rich , tax cuts that were not designed to stimulate the economy and that , no surprise , have failed to stimulate the economy .
The Stability Pact holds another important lesson : casting in stone institutional arrangements designed to address the problems of the past is a recipe for failure in the future .
Confusion about what cure to prescribe is caused in part by the fact that different medicines are suited for different problems , whereas much of the policy debate fails to distinguish among them adequately .
Keynes worried about price rigidities -- the failure of prices and wages to fall when there is excess supply of labor or goods .
There is nothing that undermines confidence in an economy so much as recessions ; and there is nothing that undermines confidence in a government 's ability to manage the economy so much as ongoing failure to address either the extremes of inflation or persistent stagnation .
The great paradox is that their view of economics was so stilted , so ideologically driven , that they failed even in their narrower objective of bringing about economic growth .
These failures suggest that we should have less confidence in the supposed professional skills of technocrats -- or at least less confidence than they have in themselves .
President Ronald Reagan 's deregulation of the Savings and Loan Associations led to an infamous wave of bank failures that cost American taxpayers several hundred billion dollars and contributed to the economic recession of 1991 .
There is a real danger that what was intended to remedy the imbalances of previous trade rounds will not only fail to do so , but may introduce new imbalances .
The worse that can be said is that the Euro has failed its first test .
After the failure of the Argentina bail out , the IMF recognized the need for an alternative approach .
The failed WTO meeting in Cancun of two weeks ago should serve as a warning : something is fundamentally wrong with how the global trading system is managed .
But we all have much to lose if they fail to address these issues , because these are the problems that will determine the future of the global economy .
America and its `` coalition '' of the willing went to war in Iraq without the support of the UN , and the World Trade Organization meeting at Cancun -- which was supposed to provide the impetus for a successful conclusion of the Development Round of trade negotiations -- ended in failure .
The events in Iraq demonstrate the failure of democratic processes at the international level -- and the need to strengthen them .
It might have been able to win over the Iraqi people in the early months of the occupation , but by now its cumulative mistakes may have doomed the campaign for hearts and minds to failure .
`` Shock therapy '' is a strategy that has repeatedly failed .
The WTO talks in Cancun represented the other major failure of globalization in 2003 .
Indeed , they failed to redress the imbalances of earlier rounds of trade talks that had made the poorest regions of the world worse off .
With one exception - the actual military `` victory , '' which looks increasingly Pyrrhic - President Bush 's Iraqi adventure has been marked by repeated failures .
Blinded by ideology , however , the Bush administration seems determined to continue its record of dismal failures by ignoring past experience .
Today , there is a broad consensus that shock therapy , at least at the level of microeconomic reforms , failed , and that countries -LRB- Hungary , Poland , and Slovenia -RRB- that took the gradualist approach to privatization and the reconstruction of institutional infrastructure managed their transitions far better than those that tried to leapfrog into a laissez-faire economy .
Indeed , shock therapy 's advocates argue that its failures were due not to excessive speed - too much shock and not enough therapy - but to insufficient shock .
Yet this very heterogeneous group was able to crystallize the emerging global consensus that globalization , despite its positive potential , has not only failed to live up to that potential , but has actually contributed to social distress .
With the successive failures of IMF bailouts , the Fund has been looking for alternative strategies for handling crises .
Its conservative philosophy has consistently failed to produce economic growth , and the benefits of what growth has occurred have disproportionately gone to the wealthy .
Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks , but Cheney seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was .
The failures in the oil-rich Middle East are legion .
Choosing the right general in that war will not assure victory , but choosing the wrong one surely enhances the chances of failure .
By maintaining their rainforests , tropical countries provide an invaluable global service , one for which they have so far failed to be compensated .
But her track record is also her greatest liability : the policies of the `` Washington Consensus '' have proven to be an utter failure in promoting growth and stability in developing and transition economies .
The inevitable result has been the IMF 's inability to manage crises , incomprehension of the needs of transition economies , and a failure to promote development .
The Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen has emphasized that most famines are associated not with a shortage of food , but the failure to get food to the people who need it , largely because they lack purchasing power .
The Fed failed to avert the economic downturn of 1990 , and a reading of Greenspan 's testimony to Congress during that period makes clear that the basic nature of the economy 's problems was not well understood .
The failure hardly comes as a surprise : The United States and the European Union had long ago reneged on the promises they made in 2001 at Doha to rectify the imbalances of the last round of trade negotiations -- a round so unfair that the world 's poorest countries were actually made worse off .
The looming failure of the Development Round of trade talks and the long delay in the United Nations Security Council 's demand for a ceasefire in Lebanon are but the latest examples of America 's contempt for multilateral initiatives .
But these attempts will almost surely fail ; in the end -- though it may take years -- cotton subsidies will be eliminated .
As one scientist friend puts it : if you are driving on a mountain road , approaching a cliff , in a car whose brakes may fail , and a fog bank rolls in , should you drive more or less cautiously ?
It is accordingly not surprising that in the area of health , the patent system , with all of its distortions , has failed in so many ways .
As the World Bank 's Chief Economist under Wolfensohn , I had argued that failing to deal with corruption risked undermining growth and poverty alleviation .
When Wolfowitz 's name was first mentioned as a candidate to lead the world 's premier development bank , the idea that the architect of America 's failure in Iraq would be so rewarded was met by incredulity .
Its failures in the 1997 crisis further undermined its credibility , and its failure to do anything about the massive global financial imbalances that represent the main threat to global financial stability today , have underscored its limitations .
Today , inflation targeting is being put to the test -- and it will almost certainly fail .
Advocates of trade liberalization touted its advantages ; but they were never fully honest about its risks , against which markets typically fail to provide adequate insurance .
One principal policy failure in the run-up to the crisis was a lack of imagination : we failed to appreciate just how intricate the global economic and financial web had become .
Let our next failing not be the result of a lack of cooperation .
Euro-skepticism is now at an all-time high in Turkey , fueled by some European political leaders ' rhetoric opposing Turkey 's accession , and by the EU 's own failure to dispel doubts about the feasibility of Turkey 's eventual membership .
According to a recent report by the United Nations , The Employment Imperative : Report on the World Social Situation , national policies aimed at counteracting these trends and lowering unemployment have largely failed .
The report shows that in their desire to remain or become more competitive , governments and employers around the world have taken many steps to increase labor market flexibility . But this has merely contributed to greater economic insecurity and greater inequality , while failing to achieve either full or productive employment , as promised .
Austerity-based fiscal consolidation is likely to fail , because sustainable public budgets are best achieved on the basis of strong economic growth .
The international community has , so far , failed to develop effective and equitable arrangements for restructuring sovereign debt , despite the clearly dysfunctional and problematic consequences of past international public-debt crises .
Opponents of fiscal stimulus cynically claim that all such efforts are bound to fail , citing as evidence US President George W. Bush 's tax cuts !
Recent studies by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development -LRB- EBRD -RRB- , the World Bank and the CASE Foundation show that geographical distance from centres of development , mountainous terrain , lack of `` market memory '' - recent historical experience of an entrepreneurial tradition - and failures of economic policy are the main causes of the lack of recovery after the collapse of the Soviet-era economy .
No matter how hard they try - and Kyrgyzstan has certainly tried - they are doomed to fail without co-ordinated , well-designed and adequate assistance .
By preventing a new division of the Euro-Asian region into successes and failures , the EU will make a substantial investment in its own long-term security .
The successes of populist\/right wing parties can largely be attributed to the failures of left-leaning governments .
Unfortunately , the proposal fails to choose between the two alternatives for reform that it presents : election of the Commission president by the European Parliament or by an electoral college that also includes representatives from national parliaments .
The government has failed to take any meaningful action , and the problem is getting worse .
But its strategy of dividing the trade unions failed and some of the proposed legislation was eventually withdrawn .
Have the expected benefits of the new currency failed to materialize ?
Countries that become democracies do not , on average , achieve faster economic growth after their political transition ; and , vice versa , democracies that fail and relapse into autocracy do not , on average , do worse than before .
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
It seems particularly short-sighted , indeed hypocritical , for the United States and Britain to seek to spread democracy and human rights throughout the world while failing to recognize and reward the Taiwanese , a people who have embraced these concepts wholeheartedly .
In the process , he transformed a country that was in the grip of drug barons and on the verge of becoming a failed state .
The hostage rescue mission has also forced Chávez , still recovering from his failed power-grab referendum of last year -LRB- a moment when Chávez 's own army high command allegedly refused his demand to fudge the result -RRB- onto the defensive .
Stabilizing the Horn STRASBOURG -- After almost two decades as a failed state torn by civil war , perhaps the world should begin to admit that Somalia -- as it is currently constructed -- is beyond repair .
The artificial fusion of the mainly Arab , Muslim north of Sudan and the African south , where Christianity and traditional animist beliefs are predominant , has been an abject failure .
To its credit -- albeit under pressure from donor countries -- the Bengali authorities seem to sense that their country is drifting toward becoming a failed state and are making greater efforts to arrest Islamist killers , despite some of them being part of the ruling coalition .
In particular the EU must resist calls for higher tariffs from southern European textile manufacturers , as these businesses have failed to restructure , despite ample warnings over the last decade to do so .
Not coincidentally , mainstream leaders , from German Chancellor Angela Merkel to British Prime Minister David Cameron , have caught up with the current mood by deeming European multiculturalism a failure .
In short , when the EU brings subsidies , it receives congratulations ; but when it pushes for unpopular reforms , it becomes the scapegoat for political , social , and economic failures .
Moreover , fuses lit in the colonial era could re-ignite , as they have done , to everyone 's surprise , between Ethiopia and Eritrea , where war broke out over a colonial border that Italy 's occupiers had failed to define with precision .
State failure in the wake of colonialism is another source of conflict .
Foreign Minister Mukherjee was treated rudely on his recent visit , with Premier Wen Jiabao canceling a previously-scheduled appointment and the Governor of Sichuan Province failing to show up to receive a donation of Indian humanitarian aid for China 's earthquake victims .
This year , India 's hockey players failed even to qualify for the Games .
With all these factors , failure in the Olympics , it is suggested , is encoded in our national DNA .
Yet success or failure still depends on the individual athlete .
Deep and sustained anger across the country -- at its demonstrated vulnerability to terror and at the multiple institutional failures that allowed such loss of life -- has prompted the resignations of the Home Minister in the national government and the Chief Minister and his Deputy in the state of Maharashtra , of which Mumbai is the capital .
Unless that changes , the next five years will be a path to failure .
At its best and at its worst , the UN is a mirror of our world : it reflects our differences and our convergences , our hopes and aspirations , and our limitations and failures .
Why have the large European economies failed to catch up with US income levels ?
The failure to mobilize consumer interests in favor of European integration is particularly disappointing for the new member states , which had expected to reap some of the benefits .
When this concession failed , Mubarak and the ruling NDP began to work behind the scenes , encouraging their followers to attack protesters and provoke violence .
The attempt to run a common monetary policy without a common treasury has failed .
These could include higher capital or provisioning requirements as buffers for more difficult times , or the stipulation of liquidity standards and special requirements for systemically important banks in order to avoid a recurrence of the `` too big to fail '' dilemma that many countries -- not only in the EBRD region -- have been facing .
These health effects are serious . Diabetes already is the major cause of kidney failure , blindness , and lower-limb amputation in many countries , and a major cause of heart attacks and strokes .
If disease trends are monitored , along with patients ' responses to treatment and the population 's exposure to risk factors , the success or failure of policies designed to prevent or control chronic diseases can be evaluated , resource allocation can be rationally prioritized , and the public can be kept fully informed of the risks that they face .
Indeed , no moral benefit can be derived from evoking the past if we fail to realize our group 's shortcomings or errors .
By failing to depict the Americans in the role of heroic benefactors , it suggested that they were responsible for a massacre that could not be totally justified .
Back then , the US saw Colombia as hosting two increasingly interwoven threats , which , without a successful military response , heralded the grim prospect of Colombia becoming a failed state .
As a result , the failed three-year dialogue between the government of Andrés Pastrana , Uribe 's predecessor , and FARC was buried in February 2002 , with the conflict definitively internationalized through massive and indirect US intervention .
When evaluated as an anti-narcotics strategy , the Colombia Plan 's failure is self-evident .
On the contrary , both the US and the Uribe government regard what has happened in Colombia as `` model '' to be emulated across the Andes in order to prevent other countries in the region from becoming failed states .
The US continues to pressure Peru 's government to shoot down planes supposedly linked to drug trafficking , and is trying to convince Evo Morales 's new government in Bolivia to continue a failed `` war on drugs . ''
But can Bolivia move away from becoming a quasi-failed state ?
In contrast to men like Funes , Ortega , Mujica , and Chávez , whose careers began in guerrilla movements or failed coups , Mockus 's past is irreproachable .
Following this failed attempt , Kibaki ordered Attorney General Amos Wako to author his government 's version of a new constitution .
The failure to agree on a new constitution fractured the coalition government and divided the country .
Much of their disenchantment was a result of Kibaki 's failure to keep the promises that he had made in 2002 , among them the delivery of a new constitution .
If we fail to accept that simple fact , come the 2012 elections , we will find ourselves right back where we were after the disputed elections of 2007 .
A woman at the Addis Ababa summit might have asked those calling for war , for example , to explain how , given their failure to control poorly armed militias in Somalia , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Uganda , and elsewhere , they planned to defeat Gbagbo .
So its failure to press the United States to redress the mortgage-market vulnerabilities that precipitated the current financial crisis indicates that much remains to be done .
It is , frankly , inconceivable that the Fund would have failed so miserably in detecting them .
Yet , within the complexity , there is a very simple truth : for a decade or more , we have known that it was risky to go on emitting greenhouse gases , yet we have utterly failed to take credible steps to stop .
The one thing you can not do is fail to decide .
Putin 's attempt in 2003 to have President Bush recognize Russia 's `` special interests '' in the former Soviet Union failed , just as Yeltsin 's bid to gain that recognition failed a decade earlier .
But Eurasian integration will fail if Russia 's partners see the process as Moscow 's attempt at political domination .
If a government can step in to bail out failing banks , why not to protect its failing businesses or farmers as well ?
In Ukraine , the harvest failed in 1931 .
Stalin presented the crop failure as a sign of Ukrainian national resistance , requiring firmness rather than concessions .
One of them cut off all supplies to communities that failed to make their grain quotas .
Taxpayers ' money was spent to purchase corporate stocks in a failed attempt to support collapsing stock prices .
A massive liquidity injection by the government ensured that no major bank collapsed , and minor bank failures were administered in a surprisingly orderly fashion .
They failed .
The improved resilience may be seen in fewer bank failures and more consistent credit provision . '' Market completion , in other words , was the key to a safer system .
In response , there is an intense debate about the problems caused when such institutions are said to be `` too big to fail . ''
But we must not confuse `` necessary '' with `` sufficient '' ; there is a danger that an exclusive focus on institutions that are too big to fail could divert us from more fundamental issues .
If such banks fail , they are resolved by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- in the normal fashion , and this has always been the market 's ex ante expectation .
There is therefore a danger that excessive focus on `` too big to fail '' could become a new form of the belief that if only we could identify and correct some crucial market failure , we would , at last , achieve a stable and self-equilibrating system .
Previously , I was twice arrested on charges that even Mr. Kuchma 's tame courts failed to pursue .
Nor do I believe that Russia is so inherently autocratic that democracy must invariably fail .
At that time , food-price increases were attributed to growing global demand for food commodities , a major decline in the value of the US dollar , crop failures in some parts of the world , and biofuels .
That requires adopting policies that cover everything from kindergarten training to collaboration between universities and companies , as well as an overall business climate in which success is rewarded and failure is not treated as a human catastrophe .
While the Unasur proposal may have been formulated in a more rigorous way than other initiatives , its failure to contemplate trade integration means that there is nothing to tie member states together beyond political will .
Fear of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is only marginally involved in an uprising that it did not initiate and has no hope of controlling , is no excuse for trying to save a failing regime .
Indeed , the current military operation follows Israel 's two-year blockade of Gaza , which was supposed to have damaged Hamas , but failed to do so .
Their failure plunged the country into its deepest political and financial crisis in decades .
Yet the same EU members have failed to endow the European Commission with overall responsibility for holding member governments to their commitments and , where necessary , imposing penalties for breaches . This intergovernmental approach lay behind the Lisbon Agenda 's failure to deliver the results needed to make Europe more competitive and dynamic by 2010 , and the same shortcomings will bedevil its successor , the new `` Europe 2020 '' strategy .
Indeed , it is a failure of governance that has characterized the Stability and Growth Pact , designed -LRB- largely by Germany -RRB- to ensure sound macroeconomic policy by limiting national debt and deficit ratios .
The Scorecard did identify European division as a prime reason for Europe 's failings on the world stage -- for example , in its relations with Turkey and China .
As the ECFR 's Scorecard suggests , Europe is still failing in many areas , with its worst performance recorded in its relations with its immediate neighborhood -LRB- notably Turkey -RRB- and in defending values such as human rights .
A probable cause of the collapse of the interbank market is precisely informational failure .
If we believe that economic actors are irrational , then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions , which could be self-defeating and even dangerous .
To limit the size of firms to check the concentration of power is a very blunt instrument -- one that highlights the failure of other controls in the democratic process aimed at ensuring that strong lobbies do not end up imposing regulation that is not aligned with social welfare .
BARCELONA -- Central bankers and regulators tend to worry that too much competition in the financial sector increases instability and the risk of systemic failure .
A bank with thin margins and limited liability does not have much to lose , and will tend to gamble -- a tendency that is exacerbated by deposit insurance and too-big-to-fail policies .
Indeed , for banks close to the failure point in liberalized systems , the evidence of perverse risk-taking incentives is overwhelming .
The problem is that regulation is unlikely to eliminate completely market failures : the competition-stability trade-off can be ameliorated , but not eliminated .
In both cases , it has brought consolidation , leaving fewer players with increased market power and too-big-to-fail status .
People resented his failure to keep his promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment .
Its proposals are based on the illusion that a key factor in German unemployment is an ineffective labor market bureaucracy that fails to match those searching for jobs with the many jobs on offer .
By failing to distinguish adequately normal distress and eccentricity from disorder , the DSM-5 's proposals threaten to increase dramatically the types of abuses that the DSM was designed to prevent .
Although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the Arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from Tucson 's available services .
It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or , as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur , in order to protect established companies .
For decades , Western experts have complained about the failure of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- to learn the value of collective security from Europe 's post-War experience .
Of course , one reason for that failure is that the South Vietnamese were not different enough from the North Vietnamese for the Malayan formula of identifying and isolating rebel communities by race to work .
So why did multi-communal politics ultimately work in Malaya , and then in both Malaysia and Singapore , and fail so badly in Ceylon ?
When Perón returned to power in 1973 , he was 78 years old , and his lucidity was failing fast . Isabelita , by then his third wife , became vice_president .
The policy debate outside the region currently centers on whether to use force if talks fail .
Iran , predictably , has refused to back down , which some observers have suggested reflects the failure of the world 's major powers to speak with a unified voice .
That would help to diminish the possibility of an unbridled regional arms race if talks fail and Iran someday tests a weapon .
The UN Human Rights Committee has found that widespread and systematic human rights abuses extend throughout Sudan , not just Darfur . Foreign Policy magazine considers Sudan the country most at risk of state failure .
The irony here is that China is widely hailed as a success story , while Zimbabwe is generally viewed as a failed state .
But the Nice meeting failed miserably .
The initial elected government may pay an early political price for failure .
Failing states in Central America When the US Defense Department produced a report in December in which it named Mexico as one as one of two countries -LRB- along with Pakistan -RRB- at risk of rapidly becoming a failed state there was a predictable rejection of its findings in many quarters .
Head further south to Central America -- Guatemala in particular -- and the failed state paradigm may be far more applicable .
The condition of the Central American judiciary is at the heart of the prospect of state failure .
President Lukashenko , however , has failed to co-opt all the key figures within the opposition and uncommitted sectors of civil society . Indeed , important members of the presidential nomenklatura have turned dissident and joined Mr. Goncharik 's coalition .
It neither emits nor absorbs light significantly , which is why astronomers failed to notice it for millennia , even though dark matter contributes five times as much to the total mass of the universe as normal matter .
For too long , the world 's oldest and largest democracies have failed to fulfill the promise of their relationship .
Compensation awards to injured workers and their families are pitifully low and fail to give employers incentives to make their workplaces safe .
In the Sesame Street of Palestine and Israel , the failure of the joint venture was really a success : the Muppets and their creators have given us another valuable lesson , this time in how -- and how not -- to help others .
A clearly designated `` enemy '' with an unmistakable `` plan '' is psychologically more comforting than the chaotic evolution of social norms and the workings -- or failures -- of unfettered capitalism .
Many citizens believe , rightly , that their mass media are failing to investigate and document abuses .
They may succeed or fail ; but they are really in the game .
And the unrest of the children and grandchildren of Algerian , West African , and Moroccan immigrants in the French banlieues attest to France 's failure to assimilate its immigrant population , despite the Republic 's official egalitarian rhetoric .
`` Without our Constitution , America is just another world power made great by wealth and weapons instead of by values and convictions ; so we are at risk of collapse when our wealth and weapons fail us .
But it failed to point out that the feebleness of such coordination , linked to an absence of cabinet-centered policymaking , was precisely the main weakness of Japan 's political system that the founders of the DPJ set out to overcome .
Despite having conquered inflation , central bankers continue to fight it and as a result may fail to confront the latest economic menace - global deflation .
For years the Bank of Japan -LRB- BOJ -RRB- failed to provide signals of this kind .
To fail would risk igniting a severe political backlash , including a spontaneous escalation of anti-regime activities .
The European Union 's leading country , Germany , failed to meet its commitments to its EU partners concerning its deficit .
Continuing budget deficits have visibly failed to deliver what die-hard Keynesians had promised .
With Gaza suffering under a lengthy siege , Hamas leader Khalid Mashal said that there was no point in a new truce , since the old one had `` failed to lift the siege on Gaza . ''
The Bush administration , having proclaimed a war on terror , invaded and occupied countries , and yet failed to see that these events were being linked in the eyes of people in the region .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice 's recent tour of Middle East capitals helped spread the word to Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and the Gulf states that any US failure and sudden withdrawal would be certain to destabilize them .
Should the US choose to face al-Sadr and his forces head on , they risk alienating Iraq 's largest sectarian community , the Shi'a , adding fuel to the anti-occupation resistance and thus probably dooming Bush to failure .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
For conservative rulers usually fall when they fail to grasp their own vulnerability , especially when the revolutionary challenge is cloaked in conservative garb .
In response to America 's failed policies in the Middle East , whether in Iraq , Iran , Syria , Lebanon , or Palestine , Russia appears to be using its oil-fired wealth to knit together a new bloc to counter the US presence .
The states in the Middle East can be characterized by a series of `` F-words : '' failed , frozen , flexible , flourishing , or frightening .
For example , Yemen is now a failed state .
The frightening state in the region is the United States , which , following the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , was anxious to bring about democratic regime change -- a failed policy that now appears to have left the US unable to leave .
Indeed , it is increasingly seen as a nascent failed state and potential replacement host for Al Qaeda .
Following that failed attack , US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown jointly pushed a conference in London to propose solutions for the previously overlooked crises in Yemen .
But Saleh 's hardline approach is failing . More than half of Yemen 's territory is falling out of government control .
The real question is whether the West will address Yemen 's failed political and military strategies , which are the root cause of Al Qaeda 's mushrooming presence in the country .
But the GCC members ' failure to open their economies -- which are always in need of guest workers -- to Yemen 's young men is short-sighted .
If the West buys into Saleh 's depiction of a war against Al Qaeda , it will be trapped into supporting him and his failed policies .
Mohammed Rabbani , the Taliban prime minister , did so that year , yet his government still failed to hand over bin Laden .
But the real protective shield for the Gulf rulers is the presence of US troops in Iraq , because the Kingdom 's blinkered strategists failed to see that a failure to engage with post-Saddam Iraq would leave the field open to Iran .
Despite this failure , Iraq continues to be shunned by the region 's Sunni-controlled states .
Another failure was the Kingdom 's effort to win over the hearts and minds of captured terrorists .
Even to contemplate such a possibility is proof of diplomatic failure , not a triumph of real leadership .
Blinded by internecine domestic power struggles , they failed to see the great powers ' strategic gambits in the region . That failure led directly to the colonization of Korea by Japan .
If capital flight resumes , it will quickly snowball if President Putin fails to convince people that the Yukos affair is an isolated case .
The sudden discontinuation of the supply of petroleum and natural resources from Russia in the early 1990 's , the failure of the centrally-planned economy , and the subsequent massive famine in the mid-1990 's left North Korea 's leaders no alternative but to tolerate informal market activities .
Moreover , there is no hope that any new leader , whoever it may be , will get any breathing space to establish unquestioned control , given the economy 's utter state of decay , as last year 's failed bid to reform the currency demonstrated .
For example , for the first time , North Korea 's prime minister publicly apologized for a policy error -- the failure of the currency redenomination .
The leadership vacuum caused by America 's unwillingness to cooperate and Britain 's sudden inability to lead resulted in the failure of the London Conference of 1933 , which is often seen as opening the way to the Great Depression and the catastrophe of World War II .
All in all , the negative impact of the Chinese government 's crisis-management measures on China 's long-term growth may be serious if the authorities fail to tackle the economy 's structural problems head on .
But if the US fails to narrow its savings gap , its current-account deficit will not disappear , regardless of where the dollar goes .
Income distribution has skewed in favor of the rich for too long , and the government has failed to provide decent public goods .
If China fails to tackle its structural problems in a timely fashion , growth is unlikely to be sustainable .
A failure to help the `` bottom billion '' could fuel mass migration and global insecurity .
Under the Fourth Geneva Convention , the responsibility for protecting civilian populations in an occupied country belongs to the occupying forces , which , in this case , are clearly failing to protect Iraqi women .
The sessions resulted in stories that highlighted mistreatment of women and children and the failures of government agencies to deliver promised services .
He has also kept a safe distance from Africa 's political failures , notably in Zimbabwe , where he has resisted calls to assist in the removal of Robert Mugabe .
Schwarzenegger is a Republican , so Democrats privately wish him to fail .
But , in both cases , the failure probabilities were correlated , and their joint occurrence led to catastrophe .
There are several reasons for this regulatory failure , including the inability to acquire and process all relevant data , the political difficulty of enforcing strict judgments , and the difficulty of modeling tail risks .
Consequently , relying on low failure probabilities , national policies , the caution of private actors , and monitoring by regulators seems to be insufficient to prevent catastrophe . So what should be done ?
Cities do not become financial centers because they are more `` excellent '' than other cities , or because they have done something that other cities failed to do .
This proposition almost beggars belief because it starkly contradicts China 's actions in failing to openly condemn North Korea for its sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March , or for the recent artillery attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island .
If North Korea fails to restrain itself , and China 's approach remains tantamount to coddling a dangerous , nuclear-armed state , strategic rivalry across East Asia might revive around a Washington-Tokyo-Seoul axis vis-à-vis a China-North Korea coalition .
These emotional ties , combined with the usual bureaucratic love of the status quo , are the real cause of China 's failure to overhaul its North Korea policy .
This body of work challenges the traditional focus on the individual 's inner nature , dispositions , and personality traits as the primary -- and often the sole -- factors in understanding human failings .
But all such programs are doomed to fail if the main causal agent is the situation or system , not the person .
The clinical implications of the failure to recognize bipolar disorder in depressed patients include the under-prescription of mood-stabilizing medications , and an increased risk of rapid `` cycling '' -- swings between manic and depressive phases .
Do we want to live in a system where profits are private , but losses are socialized , where taxpayer money is used to prop up failed firms ?
Unfortunately , the pact failed miserably .
Economics is not as precise a science as physics , but this can not justify the failure of the Angelides Commission .
The procedures to trigger this intervention , however , are complex and the funding is sufficiently opaque that the bill will not eliminate collateral damage from a large bank failure even for US institutions , let alone for international ones , whose unwinding would require coordination by several states , with varying degree of solvency .
Empowering the IMF to take over failed international banks would fill this gap -- and chase away our worst nightmare .
High pay in the banking sector , so the argument goes , rewards success but does not penalize failure .
Much research has tried to establish a connection between bankers ' compensation schemes and risk-taking , but has failed to find one .
If the problem is the moral hazard implied by being too big to fail , the solution is not to restrict pay , but to eliminate the hazard by forcing shareholders to issue more equity or lose their stock when banks ' debt starts to become risky .
