The potential charges are serious : conspiring to destabilize the government that was elected last February , unlawfully removing the country 's top judges in November 2007 , and failing to provide adequate security to Benazir Bhutto before her assassination last December .
Water and sewage systems are failing ; garbage is piling up in the streets .
We now risk failing to meet the Millennium Development GOAL , set out by the United Nations , of reversing the spread of AIDS , TB and malaria by 2015 . This failure will make remote any hope of reaching the other Millennium goals in the fight against poverty .
Despite his grave failings as IAEA chief before 1991 , Blix once again came to lead UN disarmament inspectors , this time in tandem with another Swede , Ambassador Rolf Ekéus .
Even now , in the midst of an inflationary crisis , the NBU wants to move in small steps , evidently failing to grasp the severity of the crisis .
The assassination of the President of Iraq 's Governing Council makes it crystal clear that the US is failing to create the minimal law-and-order needed for any sort of orderly transfer of power to take place by June 30th .
While Iraq - an attempt to import democracy by force - is failing , the paradoxical conditions of an Arab democracy under Israeli occupation may be a threat that Arab rulers have not yet comprehended .
In measured but devastating prose , the Winograd Commission gives failing marks to all three leaders .
His crime was failing to register a small environmental group run by him and his younger brother in their remote home village of Gonjo , in eastern Tibet .
Collectively , we are failing in the fight against world hunger .
CAMBRIDGE -- As governments around the world develop policies to deal with failing financial institutions , they should be sure to pick their beneficiaries wisely .
A United States Special Inspector General recently issued a report criticizing the US government for failing to insist that AIG 's counterparties in the market for financial derivatives bear some of the costs of bailing out the company .
In the future , governments should not bail out failing financial institutions ' derivative counterparties , even when they provide a safety net to some of these institutions ' creditors -LRB- such as depositors -RRB- .
In addition to harmonizing the flow of donations and an agreed-upon list of development projects , Dominican President Leonel Fernandez seeks to make clear that the task is a long-term enterprise : re-founding the failing Haitian state .
After failing to moderate Bashir into accepting a secular decentralized or confederate Sudan , Egypt , a key Arab player concerned about the stability of its southern border , has come to accept the inevitability of secession -- so long as the new state lines up with it on the issue of the Nile 's waters .
That danger was foreseeable ; failing to avoid it a costly mistake .
Twice in the last ten years , national governments have explicitly given the EU the authority to tighten constraints on their subsidies to failing airline companies .
Across the region , countless exchange-rate regimes have been tried -- some succeeding , others failing abysmally .
If market-driven recapitalization is too slow , and closing failing institutions is impossible , a more extreme alternative is to inject public capital directly into the banks -LRB- rather than indirectly , as now , by propping up the value of the sovereign debt that they hold -RRB- .
Benefit-sharing may be fair in that it includes giving special assistance to research participants , such as access to medical care or to new treatments stemming from the research , but it may be unfair in failing to define the recipients of such benefits .
But the administration 's confrontational approach is failing , because it is precisely what Iran 's rulers want .
Anything can trigger such an act : rejection by a girl , being fired from a job , failing an examination .
A hearing over a nomination to be a Commissioner before an EU parliamentary committee should simply examine whether the person is competent in the area he or she is to oversee on the Commission , and whether there are elements of moral indignity -- i.e. , such obvious moral failings as to be disqualifying .
Such laws also transform HIV victims into scapegoats for a societal problem for which the governments and broader societies are failing to undertake effective , and sometimes politically or culturally risky , steps that can defeat the disease .
Despite the development of democratic institutions in some parts of Africa , coups appear to be once again an option when democracy seems to be failing , political gridlock has taken hold , or impoverished populations are alienated from constitutional authority .
Successful coups legitimated by popular support -LRB- or at least acquiescence -RRB- and oiled with promises to `` restore democracy '' may become infectious , encouraging copycats in neighboring states where governments are also weak or failing .
Moreover , according to the ICJ , Serbia violated international law by failing to prevent genocide , because , though it could have thwarted the massacres , it did not , and subsequently did not help the ICTY arrest Mladic -LRB- who , notoriously , is still hiding in Serbia -RRB- .
Similar failings have exacerbated the consequences of today 's bird-origin influenza epidemic in Vietnam , Thailand , and elsewhere .
We do know that metastasis is a very inefficient process , with most cancer cells that escape into the blood stream failing to form metastatic tumors in distant organs .
It was clear from the entries that Castro was failing to control his island 's imagination .
For example , the phenomenon of failing states , which has affected Asian security the most , is a direct consequence of the Cold War 's end . When the Cold War raged , one bloc or the other propped up weak states .
As a result , dysfunctional or failing states suddenly emerged in the 1990 's , constituting a threat to regional and international security by becoming home to transnational pirates -LRB- Somalia -RRB- or transnational terrorists -LRB- Pakistan and Afghanistan -RRB- , or by their defiance of global norms -LRB- North Korea and Iran -RRB- .
In his bitter resignation letter , the general accused Rajapaksa of '' unnecessarily placing Indian troops on high alert '' and failing to `` win the peace in spite of the fact that the army under my leadership won the war . ''
This diplomatic strike occurred at roughly the same time that Taiwan was failing - for the thirteenth time - in its bid to re-enter the United Nations , having been expelled when China was admitted in 1971 .
New rules and procedures , as well as better training , can minimize such failings .
Cotonou is due for revision in 2010 , so now is the time to develop enforcement mechanisms that establish clear penalties for failing to uphold human rights and freedom of the press .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
Indeed , in East Timor , Iraq , Afghanistan , Kosovo , and many other countries , the transition to peace seems to be failing .
First , the US labor market is failing so badly that expanded government spending carries no resource cost to society as a whole .
But their failings do pose a dilemma for Democratic deficit-hawk economists trying to determine what good economic policies would be should Barack Obama become president .
Another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits Chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives , he believes , from the fact that Chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise .
Yet , despite these failings , such policies retained enough popularity to insure their continuity .
After failing to crash , America now looks set to pull out of its downturn and resume strong growth . Europe , however , is treading water .
Emerging markets , failing to do the same , have punched below their weight .
The latter failing haunts us to this day .
The Fund only encourages their criticism by failing to define its role .
It is , of course , an honorable act for a government to take responsibility for so grave a failing and resign .
Local governments are equally careless , often failing to service their debts .
Whereas some policies may be criticized for being too `` administrative '' and failing to allow market forces to play a sufficient role , they may be the only effective way to deal with China 's `` administrative entities . ''
Public health workers argue that therapy should be imposed upon patients who are at risk of failing to complete it -- a policy that others claim would violate individual liberty .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
In that case , the euro would be in danger of failing , for the first time seriously imperiling the entire project of European integration .
The eurozone , a confederation of sovereign states with a common currency and common principles and mechanisms , is now failing that test .
Those who cling to old ideological stereotypes face an almost impossible task in reconciling China 's rapid growth with what they condemn as China 's failing system .
Nonetheless , the Court has come under fire for three alleged failings .
By failing to propose a compelling plan for nuclear disarmament , the US , Russia , and the remaining nuclear powers are promoting through inaction a future in which nuclear weapons will inevitably be used .
The two countries ' haughty behavior -- for example , criticizing tax regimes in Eastern Europe while themselves failing to comply with the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact -- appalled other EU countries , especially the newest members .
Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act ; failing that , societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks .
By failing to foster gradual democratization -- and yielding to a `` democratic exception '' in parts of the Muslim world -- America missed an opportunity to help these countries adapt to the stresses of a globalizing world .
Governments provide these `` guarantees '' when they bail out failing banks ; central banks when they commit to peg an exchange rate ; the international community when it provides financial rescue packages to countries in trouble .
In permitting the murder of people whose only purpose is the preservation of human dignity , Russia is losing its hope for a better future . At the very least , the Russian authorities are failing in the central task of any government : to protect the lives and physical safety of all its citizens .
This question still echoes through the decades , and the many answers have dwelled not only on military failings , but on broader questions concerning Arab political , economic , cultural , and technological development .
Countries tempted to undermine these principles by failing to fulfill their solemn commitments only demonstrate their own lack of solidarity .
And bank bailouts , involving the direct use of public money to recapitalize failing institutions , are even more costly and politically unpopular .
For example , trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good , and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources .
Russia 's ruling elite is increasingly failing to measure up to Russia 's capabilities and needs .
The reformist `` Union of Right Forces , '' led by Boris Nemtsov and Anatoly Chubais , destroyed itself last December , failing to gain a seat in the Duma .
In this , Putin 's arrogance is failing Russia miserably .
Having engaged Turkey in the accession process , the EU appears to have abandoned Turkey , failing to live up to its decades-old commitment -- made by Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer -- to negotiate Turkish membership in the Union in good faith .
Its recent shelling of South Korea suggests that the failing Kim dynasty might set East Asia alight rather than undertake any serious reform .
The US has argued that more troops are needed to dominate the terrain , lambasting EU governments for failing to step up their efforts as the US commits 3500 additional marines to the fray .
Second , while the shame of New Orleans could never happen in Europe , European social solidarity nonetheless is failing lower-income groups by not sufficiently delivering to them the benefits of economic growth .
As they emerged on the political stage , the left was failing : the economy did not improve , unemployment remained high , and the SLD , which attracted all kinds of riffraff , became mired in corruption scandals .
The escalating spiral of violence by Israel and Gazan militants indicates not only that deterrence is failing , but also that its effectiveness depends on adherence to fundamental standards of morality .
This failing was the key reason for the Balkan tragedy of the 1990 's .
Fighting corruption is vital , not simply because it is the right thing to do , but because failing to do so affects us all .
In Bolivia , the populist\/communitarian movement is in the saddle , but is failing to do much more than shelve reform projects .
The other parties made it easier for him by discrediting each other , failing even to defend their own achievements over the previous 20 years .
It is , again , worse than we thought , and , despite our failing models , we will gamble on knowing just what to do : cut CO2 emissions dramatically .
The EU 's greater economic power still attracts other countries , but this power might lose its luster if the EU continues to disappoint them by failing to meet their expectations .
The danger in such an approach is that decisions may not be taken , or that those that are put rhetoric ahead of substance , thereby failing to resolve fundamental political challenges .
Its tragedies and failings are a result of what is happening in God 's name , not Jinnah 's .
A family 's principal `` cultural capital '' is its honor , which is ensured by denying women any opportunity to highlight male failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability .
Yet , amid too many continuing conflicts and failing peace processes around the world , a success story deserves to be recognized and supported .
We need to strike a balance between regulation to correct the failings that we have witnessed and the need to preserve dynamic and innovative banks and markets .
By failing to reach out meaningfully to the Tamil-speaking minority , and by cracking down on opposition voices and any kind of dissent in Sri Lanka , the government is throwing away a once-in-a-generation opportunity .
Some Albanians claim that these allegations are Serbian propaganda . But there are many Albanians who know differently , and believe that Kosovo is failing to come to terms with the acts of a few rogue fighters .
He put his oil reserves to good use , providing Jordan and Syria -- each a failing economy -- with deeply discounted supplies , assuring their goodwill .
Today , Europe needs improved capacity to combat terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , deal with failed or failing states , contend with regional conflicts , and respond to humanitarian crises .
Failing that -LRB- and we are failing today -RRB- the Euro-Atlantic states and their organizations will settle for suboptimal -- and too often utterly inadequate -- responses to the twenty-first century 's security challenges , including the threat of nuclear proliferation .
Many have singled out German Chancellor Angela Merkel for failing to promote a vision of Europe similar to that of her predecessor and mentor , Helmut Kohl .
We are also failing in the application of soft power .
First , Russia is failing to diversify its economy rapidly enough .
Europe does face severe demographic problems , but size of population is not highly correlated with power , and predictions of Europe 's downfall have a long history of failing to materialize .
Earlier this year , the International Court of Justice -LRB- ICJ -RRB- found Serbia guilty of failing to prevent the massacre of more than 7,000 Bosnian Muslim men in Srebrenica .
This `` end-of-history '' interlude , when `` Communism '' was either failing or recycling itself into its opposite , also encouraged many latter-day American political missionaries to proselytize for democracy as well as capitalism -- to urge China 's leaders to abandon state controls not only over their economy , but over their political system as well .
As I strolled through Tiananmen Square , the paradox that struck me was that the very system of democratic capitalism that the West has so ardently believed in and advocated now seems to be failing us . At the same time , the kind of authoritarianism and state-managed economics that we have long impugned now seems to be serving China well .
How to Sell Anti-Protectionism STOCKHOLM -- The looming global recession has brought government intervention to save failing companies to the forefront of economic policy .
Now , they are failing to understand the financial significance of the Big Three .
Our triumphs and virtues are exaggerated ; our villains externalized ; our failings covered up .
But , whatever Mao 's terrible failings , during his years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship .
Who will add strength and moral authority to the task of rebuilding the failed and failing states that incubate so many of our problems , from terrorism to illicit drugs ?
Whatever his other many failings , he has a pretty good record on aid to poor countries , particularly in healthcare .
Ruling coalitions were at the same time in disadvantageous positions vis-à-vis opposition parties , which attacked the incumbents for failing to negotiate good membership terms , without themselves having to pass the test of negotiating better conditions .
The fact that a large black underclass remains -- something the recent floods in New Orleans revealed in a horrifically dramatic way -- is mainly the result of failing school systems .
Politicians with limited terms of office and thus foreshortened political horizons are likely to discount low-risk disaster possibilities , since the risk of damage to their careers from failing to take precautionary measures is truncated .
Nor is the global financial crisis a justification for the world 's leaders failing to keep their word .
No one likes putting a dollar value on a human life , but the fact is that we already do , implicitly , by failing to give enough support to organizations working in developing countries .
But to save a financial system from collapse requires preventing all banks from failing at the same time .
In 1992 , Sweden 's central bank , the Riksbank , allowed private bank equity holders to be wiped out , but it rescued depositors and creditors by buying up risky assets of failing institutions .
There were no protective mechanisms to prevent a global liquidity glut from developing , and then , in combination with US regulatory failings , from producing a spectacular housing boom and crash .
The dangers of failing at this task have been made painfully clear in the sub-prime mortgage debacle .
For a wealthy economy that is supposed to contribute to global economic stability , Germany is not only failing to do its fair share , but is free-riding on other countries ' economies .
The Fund is doing Europe 's people no favor by failing to push aggressively for a more realistic solution , including dramatic debt write-downs for peripheral eurozone countries and re-allocating core-country guarantees elsewhere .
His numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
When pressed about his failing memory , he impatiently responded , `` Why am I expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether he graduated from university ? ''
First , macroeconomic indicators will be worse than expected , with growth failing to recover as fast the consensus expects .
If the PIIGS ca n't inflate , grow , devalue , or save their way out of their problems , Plan A is either failing or is bound to fail .
Even if the opposition wins the recall , a new election might return Chávez to the presidency precisely because of this failing .
Until recently , Africa 's poorest countries have been failing on this count .
But the US government 's failings are matched in many parts of the world , and certainly in the poorest countries , where scientific expertise is scarce , and where many governments do not have scientific advisory councils to turn to for guidance .
These factors , together with the obvious failings of many Middle Eastern governments , have fueled the surge of fundamentalism among Muslims , American Christians , and some Israeli Jews that has now boiled over to rampant extremism , terror , and messianic visions of good versus evil .
But the game is almost over , because the old approaches are obviously failing .
The G-20 meeting in London on April 2 offers hope for a true global effort to repair the failing world economy .
Before investing hundreds of billions of dollars more in failing military operations , the Obama administration should re-think its policy and lay out a viable strategy to US citizens and the world .
In the span of three days , September 15-17 , 2008 , Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy , the mega-insurance company AIG was taken over by the United States government , and the failing Wall Street icon Merrill Lynch was absorbed by Bank of America in a deal brokered and financed by the US government .
The answer , alas , is a failing grade .
The US and Europe are not only failing to respond to the African drought ; they have probably contributed to it through their greenhouse-gas emissions .
As 2003 draws to a close , it is time for world leaders to help guide the world away from the obsessive , failing approach of America 's government .
America is certainly not alone in failing to promote the international goals adopted in the UN .
The desire to exact revenge on Musharraf for stifling democracy and failing to provide Bhutto with sufficient security will only inflame a political atmosphere that Pakistani liberals seek to de-radicalize .
North Korea is a failing state economically , a fact that Kim Jong-il and his cronies appear to recognize .
First , we thought that the main reason why banks fail is that depositors panic , not that the main reason depositors panic is that banks are in danger of failing .
The recent `` stress tests '' of European banks were blatantly designed as a confidence-building measure rather than a genuine exploration of possible systemic weaknesses -- failing , for instance , to include the possibility of default on Greek sovereign debt .
As taxpayers had already put huge sums into rescuing failing banks , with the prospect of more to come , a transparent process to reveal how the money was being used was imperative .
Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing , we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth , only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001 .
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming .
Americans tend to talk a lot about morality and justice . But most Americans still fail to realize that their country 's refusal to sign the Kyoto protocol , and their subsequent business -- as-usual approach to greenhouse gas emissions , is a moral failing of the most serious kind .
This year , the overall leader , two other riders , and two teams were expelled or withdrew from the race as a result of failing , or missing , drug tests .
Again , Obama has both the background -- with his family ties to Kenya -- and a promising policy , to increase America 's foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa .
Aristotle took a different view , one that fits better with our everyday experience of failing to do what we know to be best .
In Greenspan 's summary of Schumpeter 's thinking , a `` market economy will incessantly revitalize itself from within by scrapping old and failing businesses and then reallocating resources to newer , more productive ones . '' Greenspan had seen `` this pattern of progress and obsolescence repeat over and over again . ''
After all , for all its other failings , colonialism provided the essential precondition of economic development : peace and security .
Overall , the international financial authorities have handled this crisis the same way as they handled previous ones : they bailed out failing institutions and applied monetary and fiscal stimulus .
By failing to make any progress beyond keeping the talks alive , the Cancún summit has given the impression that nothing is happening , and that the situation is hopeless .
The picture is further complicated by security risks such as nuclear arms proliferation , fundamentalism , and weak or failing governance .
Second , unlike a president , who , however incompetent or unpopular , remains in power for a fixed term , the head of government in a parliamentary system can be removed at any time by a vote of no confidence , clearing the way for a new , majority-backed government -- or , failing that , fresh elections .
Any government that follows policies which leave large fractions of the population unemployed or underemployed is failing in its primary mission .
Moreover , most analysts agree that at least part of the rationale behind Russia 's invasion of Georgia , reigniting fears of a new Cold War , was its confidence that , with America 's armed forces pre-occupied with two failing wars -LRB- and badly depleted because of a policy of not replacing military resources as fast as they are used up -RRB- , there was little America could do in response .
The real failings in the Obama recovery program , however , lie not in the stimulus package but in its efforts to revive financial markets .
At this point , the IMF castigates the country for failing to fulfill its commitments .
As the World Bank 's Chief Economist under Wolfensohn , I had argued that failing to deal with corruption risked undermining growth and poverty alleviation .
Let our next failing not be the result of a lack of cooperation .
The report shows that in their desire to remain or become more competitive , governments and employers around the world have taken many steps to increase labor market flexibility . But this has merely contributed to greater economic insecurity and greater inequality , while failing to achieve either full or productive employment , as promised .
It seems particularly short-sighted , indeed hypocritical , for the United States and Britain to seek to spread democracy and human rights throughout the world while failing to recognize and reward the Taiwanese , a people who have embraced these concepts wholeheartedly .
Foreign Minister Mukherjee was treated rudely on his recent visit , with Premier Wen Jiabao canceling a previously-scheduled appointment and the Governor of Sichuan Province failing to show up to receive a donation of Indian humanitarian aid for China 's earthquake victims .
By failing to depict the Americans in the role of heroic benefactors , it suggested that they were responsible for a massacre that could not be totally justified .
If a government can step in to bail out failing banks , why not to protect its failing businesses or farmers as well ?
Fear of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is only marginally involved in an uprising that it did not initiate and has no hope of controlling , is no excuse for trying to save a failing regime .
The Scorecard did identify European division as a prime reason for Europe 's failings on the world stage -- for example , in its relations with Turkey and China .
As the ECFR 's Scorecard suggests , Europe is still failing in many areas , with its worst performance recorded in its relations with its immediate neighborhood -LRB- notably Turkey -RRB- and in defending values such as human rights .
By failing to distinguish adequately normal distress and eccentricity from disorder , the DSM-5 's proposals threaten to increase dramatically the types of abuses that the DSM was designed to prevent .
When Perón returned to power in 1973 , he was 78 years old , and his lucidity was failing fast . Isabelita , by then his third wife , became vice_president .
Many citizens believe , rightly , that their mass media are failing to investigate and document abuses .
But Saleh 's hardline approach is failing . More than half of Yemen 's territory is falling out of government control .
Under the Fourth Geneva Convention , the responsibility for protecting civilian populations in an occupied country belongs to the occupying forces , which , in this case , are clearly failing to protect Iraqi women .
This proposition almost beggars belief because it starkly contradicts China 's actions in failing to openly condemn North Korea for its sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March , or for the recent artillery attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island .
This body of work challenges the traditional focus on the individual 's inner nature , dispositions , and personality traits as the primary -- and often the sole -- factors in understanding human failings .
