The real test of Obama 's strategy of dialogue and cooperation will come only when it fails , and tough choices will have to be made .
The EU 's proposed `` college of supervisors , '' even with the addition of a European `` systemic risk board , '' is only a partial solution , because it endorses the leadership of the home-country regulator and fails to address the potential conflict of interests between home-country and host-country regulators .
If the Security Council fails to agree on new sanctions -- which is likely , given Chinese and Russian objections -- it would be exposed as a paper tiger .
If cutting into Iran 's oil income fails to weaken Ahmadinejad , the US would retain military options .
If the new strategy fails to produce positive and tangible results within a few months , the steady domestic drumbeat for troop withdrawals will become deafening .
Even if the DPJ fails to implement most of its reforms in short order , the fact that Japanese voters opted for change will invigorate their country 's democracy .
Traumatized Israelis cling to the false hope that their lives will be made safer by incremental unilateral withdrawals from occupied areas , while Palestinians see their remnant territories reduced to little more than human dumping grounds surrounded by a provocative `` security barrier '' that embarrasses Israel 's friends and fails to bring safety or stability .
Finally , one fails to understand why Moreno-Ocampo has aimed so high and accused al-Bashir of the `` crime of crimes , '' genocide , instead of filing charges that are more appropriate and easier to prosecute , such as war crimes -LRB- bombing of civilians -RRB- and crimes against humanity -LRB- extermination , forcible transfer of people , massive murders , rape , etc. -RRB- .
And I believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the Powell Doctrine , elaborated 18 years ago by Colin Powell , then Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , in relation to the first Gulf War .
It never fails .
For the fact is that most pigs are bred and slaughtered here in a way that fails to meet EU standards , and no one is prepared to invest the money needed to get our piggeries up to Union levels .
He will still retain that conviction even if he fails , although the price he will pay is certain to be high .
We should remember this as we pursue the elusive objective of democracy in Iraq , so that we are not surprised if the upcoming election fails to generate a legitimate government .
An undifferentiated approach towards political Islamism that fails to distinguish between those who reject violence and those who resort to terror only facilitates the extremists ' work , for they emerge as champions of causes that do not reflect their true goals .
If the world fails to eliminate terrorists from politics in Kosovo , what hope does it have of defeating terrorism elsewhere ?
If Latin America fails to deal with its new competitor , the peoples of the region will lose jobs and opportunities to develop as they should .
As a result , they have few skills that can be applied elsewhere if the job they expect fails to materialize .
At best , Europe should hope for a `` more common '' foreign and security policy , even though this fails to answer Henry Kissinger 's old question : If you want to speak to `` Europe , '' whom do you call ?
When a state manifestly fails in that protection , it is the wider international community 's responsibility to provide it by taking `` collective , timely , and decisive '' action through the Security Council under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter .
The leading proposal , produced by the Senate Finance Committee , fails to achieve any of Obama 's goals .
In accordance with the `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine , adopted unanimously by heads of state and government at the UN World Summit in September 2005 , if a state fails to meet this primary obligation , responsibility shifts to the international community , which may exercise various measures , including , if absolutely necessary , military force .
Indeed , if a diplomatic solution fails , they are more likely to react more forcefully .
If he fails , well , thank God one was n't involved .
If Europe 's monetary union fails , not much of the common market , or of European institutions and treaties , will be left .
The EMF -LRB- or rather ESF , as some have dubbed it , for European Stability Fund -RRB- could manage an orderly default of an EMU member country that fails to comply with the conditions attached to an adjustment program .
Maradona fails to understand this .
He fails to face his addictions - to the fast life and to his not always healthy , but always demanding and unreal relationship with Argentines .
If a state fails to live up to its side of the bargain by sponsoring terrorism , either transferring or using weapons of mass destruction , or conducting genocide , then it forfeits the normal benefits of sovereignty and opens itself up to attack , removal , or occupation .
As the US inevitably reduces its role , others should be prepared to step up , lest Iraq 's government falls and the Iraqi state fails .
The new regulatory model also fails to address a persistent weakness of the single European financial market : how to pay the costs -LRB- or `` share the burden '' -RRB- when a multinational bank fails .
That is a nice idea , but it is half-baked : it fails to specify which taxpayers should be on the hook if something goes wrong and savers want their money back , as with the Icelandic banks in the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , or even Switzerland .
But it fails to provide a solid -LRB- or particularly admirable -RRB- foundation upon which to base America 's role in the world in the 21
No amount of `` transformation '' or `` partnerships '' or anything else will matter much if NATO fails for the first time in its history -- even if that failure is not of its own making .
Regardless of whether the referendum succeeds or fails , and regardless of the details of the constitutional text , what is most important is the establishment of constitutional processes and institutions in Iraq , before and after the referendum .
Although much of the world recognizes that it is in economic competition with China , it often fails to see that it is also in moral competition with China .
At the moment when JP Morgan Chase -- or any of America 's six largest banks -- fails , the choice will be just like that of September 2008 : do you rescue the bank in question or do you let it fail , and face likely chaos in markets and a potential re-run of the Great Depression ?
But the agreement fails to specify who will undertake what costs .
If the Security Council fails to authorize action , those of us determined to protect Libyan civilians will face a more difficult choice should the violence escalate .
One seemingly unrelated event to watch : in the week before the presidential vote , Iran will play two critical football matches as part of the qualifying round for the 2010 World Cup . If Iran fails to qualify , this could turn some young voters against the incumbent .
If the Russian-Western alliance fails to bring tangible benefits to Russia soon , there is a growing fear that the loss of confidence in Putin may weaken him fatally .
Although 25 countries officially stated their support for proven methods such as needle exchange and overdose prevention , the summit 's outcome was a watered-down political declaration that fails to acknowledge crucial lessons that have been learned over the last decade .
Fears abound among Palestinians of another spasm of violence if no agreement is reached before Annapolis and this round of talks fails .
Eventually , world pressure subsides and the freeze fails to materialize .
The current state of affairs fails to meet their expectations , especially when contrasted with an idealized version of the past or the new patterns of consumption portrayed in the media .
Communication between members of different cultures fails so often because we know too little about one another .
In such chicken-and-egg situations , in which the market alone fails to overcome externalities and essential investments go lacking , the government can play a vital facilitating role .
Obama 's claim about record droughts similarly fails even on a cursory level -- the United States has in all academic estimates been getting wetter over the century -LRB- with the 1930 's `` dust bowl '' setting the drought high point -RRB- .
But this fails to acknowledge that people will change their behavior when the environment changes .
The weak and diluted EU Takeover Directive , adopted after more than a decade of debate , fails to facilitate the cross-border mergers within Europe that are needed to build world champions .
It fails , for example , to take into account the hostile strategic culture against the US -- and against US strategic goals in the Asian and Pacific regions -- that has long been ingrained within the PLA .
Of course , it is always morally reprehensible , even when it fails to produce lasting psychiatric symptoms .
Moreover , Blanchard fails to note that the preference for leisure is not gender-neutral .
Development as now practiced often fails because it does not build on a country 's unique strengths , respect its social traditions , or foster the autonomy necessary to develop indigenous leaders and enterprises .
But the containment argument fails , because the Kremlin can still make mischief around the world by acting with Syria or Venezuela in an irresponsible manner .
That might very well happen if America 's next president fails to redress the financial and economic threats facing his country , and thus the rest of the world .
But it will all take time , and if the new arrangement lacks a qualified majority vote , fails to reform the Commission , and includes an opt-out on the charter of fundamental rights , it will not resolve the EU 's essential problems or its estrangement from European public opinion .
Maritain 's example disproves the claim that the analogy between Christian and Muslim democracy fails .
A country fails , when it fails , for definite , identifiable reasons .
But if Europe fails to respond , Obama will look elsewhere for the partners he needs , unconstrained by anxious European invocations of `` special relationships '' or `` the Atlantic community of values . ''
If President George W. Bush 's current troop `` surge '' fails to produce an outcome that can be called `` victory , '' what lessons will the United States draw for its future foreign policy ?
So to describe America as an empire fails to capture the true nature of the foreign policy challenges that America faces .
Even if the nuclear agreement fails , the improvement in US-India relations is likely to continue .
If Obama fails to fight these fires successfully , they will consume his political capital , but if all he does is fight them , he will inherit Bush 's priorities .
If it degenerates into propaganda , public diplomacy not only fails to convince , but can undercut soft power .
Last month , German Chancellor Angela Merkel declared that , if the euro fails , `` then not only the currency fails ... Europe will fail , and with it the idea of European unity . ''
If Obama fails to support the governments in Egypt , Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , or Yemen , he may jeopardize important foreign-policy goals such as Middle East peace , a naval base in the Persian gulf , stability in oil markets , or cooperation against Al Qaeda terrorists .
Finally , CAFTA fails to address labor issues in any significant way .
However , it fails to engage the deep intellectual divisions regarding economic development , trade , and globalization , because it refuses to admit the legitimacy of such disagreements .
They do not expect much from the state and are not surprised when it fails to deliver .
They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that . But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails , so long as there are rich drug users in the West , they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families .
There are many reasons why the market fails to correct systemic error , including that booms are always founded on a belief by both regulators and bankers that `` this time it is different . '' Let 's not forget the essays in central banks ' stability reports on how credit derivatives were benefiting the financial sector .
The United Nations reckons that if economic reconstruction fails in terms of promoting dynamism and inclusion , countries in the transition to peace have an even chance of reverting to war .
But Obama 's team does concede one point : New START fails to curtail Russia 's large numerical advantage in tactical nuclear weapons .
Unfortunately , much of the discussion surrounding governance reforms fails to make a distinction between governance-as-an-end and governance-as-a means .
The first approach may maximize the traffic load that can be carried safely , but it fails to take most people where they want to go and is ultimately self-defeating .
The clearinghouse protects itself by getting an up-front deposit from the bank -LRB- in case the bank fails in , say , 2015 -RRB- , and by monitoring the bank 's total `` book '' with the clearinghouse .
In this example , if Citibank is precarious and is as systemically vital as AIG , the clearinghouse has obscured that it has saved AIG only by transferring risk from the clearinghouse to Citibank , which then fails .
Today , US authorities appear willing to contemplate any measure , no matter how inflationary , to insure that none of its major banks and investment houses fails .
But this parallel fails to recognize the fact that balance sheets remain far more impaired this time .
Would denial of admission to the eurozone because a country fails to fulfil rules that current members spurn really be legitimate ?
Moreover , the inflation criterion fails to allow for higher inflation in services and construction in faster-growing countries .
But , as with Argentina , Russia , and Ecuador , Greece may also be insolvent if adjustment fails to restore debt sustainability and growth .
For now , the official community has decided to stick with Plan A ; if that fails , Plan B is default to reduce unsustainable debts and a Greek exit from the eurozone to allow depreciation and restoration of competitiveness and growth .
If nominal and real depreciation -LRB- appreciation -RRB- of the deficit -LRB- surplus -RRB- countries fails to occur , the deficit countries ' falling domestic demand and the surplus countries ' failure to reduce savings and increase consumption will lead to a global shortfall in aggregate demand in the face of a capacity glut .
The Bush administration fails to recognize these fundamental demographic and environmental challenges , that $ 800 billion of security spending wo n't bring irrigation to Afghanistan , Pakistan , Sudan , and Somalia , and therefore wo n't bring peace .
As a result , the US government now fails to provide adequately for basic public services such as modern infrastructure -LRB- fast rail , improved waste treatment , broadband -RRB- , renewable energy to fight climate change , decent schools , and health-care financing for those who can not afford it .
In other words , the G-8 accountability principle became : if the G-8 fails to meet an important target , stop mentioning the target -- a cynical stance , especially at a summit heralded for `` accountability . ''
If the world fails to mitigate future climate change , the effects of rising temperatures , increasing droughts , more numerous and severe tropical storms , rising sea levels , and a spread of tropical diseases will pose huge threats to the entire planet .
But Claudio Borio and Piti Disayat , economists at the Bank for International Settlements , have argued convincingly that the savings-glut theory fails to explain the unsustainable credit creation in the run-up to the 2008 crisis .
But that view fails to comprehend that a weakened , corrupt , and abusive Central Asia is not in America 's interest , or in Afghanistan 's for that matter .
A pest control technology that fails to control pests might be good for seed corporations that are also agrichemical corporations .
When the tool fails , it needs to be replaced .
But this reply fails to deal with the suffering of those who drown in floods , are burned alive in forest fires caused by lightning , or die of hunger or thirst during a drought .
That still fails to explain why an all-powerful and all-good god would permit it .
But he fails to see anything gravely wrong about misleading his country and the world concerning Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
But if Obama fails to make good on his promise of change , it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians .
If Russia fails in its attempt to become an independent center of power to rival the US -LRB- and eventually China -RRB- , what role will it play ?
The mandate gap reflects the way the world has done business with the UN for decades -- big promises , small pay-outs , much scapegoating if the UN then fails .
That is likely to remain true as long as the West fails to adopt an energy strategy that causes the Kremlin to change course .
The international financial system is broken down in the sense that it fails to provide adequate capital to countries that need it most and qualify for it .
But all too often the EU fails to live up to its potential .
If Obama fails , the next administration will be sorely tempted to create some diversion from troubles at home -- at great peril to the world .
Not only does this undermine European values and legal principles , but it fails to address the root causes of the problem .
If it fails to live up to the responsibilities of leadership , the global currency system is liable to break down and take the world economy with it .
It fails to recognize that neither expanded peacekeeping nor efficiently delivered aid will achieve their desired ends until the Afghan public accepts the Karzai government as fairly representing its interests . Today it does not .
Confusion about what cure to prescribe is caused in part by the fact that different medicines are suited for different problems , whereas much of the policy debate fails to distinguish among them adequately .
Unfortunately , the proposal fails to choose between the two alternatives for reform that it presents : election of the Commission president by the European Parliament or by an electoral college that also includes representatives from national parliaments .
Its proposals are based on the illusion that a key factor in German unemployment is an ineffective labor market bureaucracy that fails to match those searching for jobs with the many jobs on offer .
If capital flight resumes , it will quickly snowball if President Putin fails to convince people that the Yukos affair is an isolated case .
But if the US fails to narrow its savings gap , its current-account deficit will not disappear , regardless of where the dollar goes .
If China fails to tackle its structural problems in a timely fashion , growth is unlikely to be sustainable .
If North Korea fails to restrain itself , and China 's approach remains tantamount to coddling a dangerous , nuclear-armed state , strategic rivalry across East Asia might revive around a Washington-Tokyo-Seoul axis vis-à-vis a China-North Korea coalition .
