A famous academic paper about 20 years ago showed that a random walk was better at predicting short-run exchange rate movements than any fancy mathematical model based on selected economic variables .
Latin America 's New Regionalism We live in a world crisscrossed by borders , drawn and redrawn throughout history , chosen by fancy or caprice , and all too often defended by bloodshed .
The authors emphasised that causality could not be established from a retrospective study of this design due to the numerous potential biases that may confound the association . For example , it is known that viral respiratory tract infections in infancy such as respiratory syncytial virus -LRB- RSV -RRB- are associated with an increased risk of asthma in later childhood and that paracetamol use for such episodes could have caused confounding in the study .
Our knowledge of the regulation of tumor dormancy is really in its infancy .
The government does n't just spend it , but seems always to favor tangible things like skyscrapers , fancy government buildings , highways , and big industrial projects .
Service-led growth is sustainable , because globalization of services , which account for more than 70 % of global output , is still in its infancy .
The difficulty of repossession -LRB- where did the borrower park the car ? -RRB- and sale -LRB- the used-car market is still in its infancy -RRB- meant that most of these bad loans had to be written off .
Under his leadership , Europe 's first central bank has `` grown up , '' going from infancy to eminence in little more than a mere five years .
So what lessons should we draw from the inevitably messy nature of electoral processes in countries where there is either no middle class or only a rudimentary one , and where a democratic culture is at best in its infancy ?
The Court is still in its infancy , and antagonizing the many government leaders expressing solidarity with him could jeopardize its future .
Thanks to America 's gold-plated financial system , its consumers can buy fancy cars with almost no down payment . They can borrow more and more each year against the value of their homes , and spend every cent .
Back in the early 1980 's , financial engineers invented `` portfolio insurance , '' a fancy active hedging strategy for controlling downside risk .
Of course , Chinese increasingly consume fancy new cars and designer clothes .
Enron used fancy accounting tricks and complicated financial products -LRB- derivatives -RRB- to mislead investors about its value .
Some suggest that the fancy term `` reforming the global financial architecture '' was a dead giveaway .
Raising such questions when nanotechnology is still in its infancy may result in better , safer products and less long-term liability for industry .
The `` browning '' of technology in Africa is only in its infancy , but the shift is likely to accelerate .
