The collateral limits the lenders ' downside risk , and the fear of losing the pledged assets encourages borrowers to act prudently .
But governments offer no collateral , and their principal incentive to repay -- the fear of being cut off by international credit markets -- derives from a perverse addiction .
There is also an American proposal to allow the Badr Brigade -- a wing of the Palestine Liberation Army that is currently stationed in Jordan -- to relocate to the Palestinian territories as Abbas 's rapid reaction force in Gaza in anticipation of a feared civil war .
This , Egypt fears , would give a boost to its own Islamic radicals , against which the government has long fought .
But the fear that is most consuming Abbas and Fatah is that the conflict with Hamas might spread to the West Bank .
One reason neighboring countries may take part in peace talks is that Egypt and Jordan fear that Hamas could begin actively to support these countries ' own Islamic opposition groups .
Their fear is based on Iranian support for Islamist groups -- Sunni and Shiite -- in Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine , as well as its ongoing relationship with Syria .
At the beginning of the Afghan campaign many military `` experts '' feared that the US would face a similar fate .
The fear of being left out of the euro did the rest , by creating a political consensus in favor of taking the right and necessary steps .
Of course , European leaders strongly oppose any such reform : they fear losing not only important opportunities to have their photographs taken , but real power as well .
So Japan now opposes negotiating a second ITA , which it fears will further weaken political support for broad trade liberalization .
South Koreans genuinely fear that the plan may weaken deterrence by sending North Korea - which is demanding a US military withdrawal while refusing to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions - the message that intransigence pays .
TB and HIV : A Combination Made in Hell We have interviewed many people living with TB in Tanzania and Nigeria , and Fatima 's fears and concerns are not unique .
Thus , a new social contract is needed , especially as a new , post-Soviet generation of Russians has entered political life -- a generation that has not been poisoned by the fear that decades of state terror in the USSR implanted in their forebears .
The Iranian government fears that electricity shortages , slow economic growth , and high unemployment will turn the populace against it .
Last summer 's re-election of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's AKP , followed by the election of Abdullah Gul as the first president whose wife wears a headscarf , seemed to confirm the fears of anti-Islamic Europeans .
Sceptics fear that now that the collective financial threat is perceived , rightly or wrongly , to be manageable , the Pittsburgh Summit will result in a weak compromise that reflects divergent national interests rather than a sense of urgency about tackling climate change , chronic poverty and ineffective global governance .
One -- usually unstated -- factor is a fear of Turkish membership in the Union .
Sixty years ago , the Universal Declaration of Human Rights recognized that both freedom from want and freedom from fear are indispensable preconditions for a dignified life . The Declaration unequivocally linked destitution and exclusion with discrimination and unequal access to resources and opportunities . Its framers understood that social and cultural stigmatization precludes full participation in public life and the ability to influence policies and obtain justice .
By contrast , Western governments were wary of this perspective , which they feared would hamper free-market practices , impose overly cumbersome financial obligations , or both . Thus , they chose to prioritize those civil and political rights that they viewed as the hallmarks of democracy .
Not all countries will embrace the Protocol . Some will prefer to avoid any strengthening of economic , social , and cultural rights and will seek to maintain the status quo . The better and fairer position , however , is to embrace the vision of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and promote unambiguously the idea that human dignity requires respect for the equally vital and mutually dependent freedoms from fear and want .
Their fear is grounded in what they see in front of them : the forward march of history .
The Chilean government 's excessive caution -- rooted in fear of instability that could affect the basic rights regained after the dictatorship -- also helped Pinochet evade justice .
Foreign governments are voicing their fears .
Perhaps to assuage political fears - and considerations of international law - any plebiscite in the Kurdish region should , initially , have only a consultative status .
Afghans ' fears and concerns are focused on what legacy will be left behind , and whether the Afghan state can provide security , justice , and good governance , which it has so far been unable to deliver in the face of an insurgency whose strength is not significantly weakened .
Lack of transparency is driving fears that Hamid Karzai 's government is brokering a power-sharing deal with the Taliban that will do little to foster stability or better governance .
From the standpoint of current member states , would admitting Hungary , Latvia , Poland , or Slovakia , sooner rather than later , drag down the euro as many fear ?
Indeed , fear , insecurity , and nationalism are again raising their heads .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
From this narrative , fear of homegrown terrorism resonates the most , as does the impetus to deal with Muslims as a foreign foe .
Workers globally fear for their jobs and feel by-passed by economic change .
Workers globally fear for their jobs because they feel they are being by-passed by economic change . The economic crisis has exacerbated the perceived downside of globalisation .
The world faces traditional and non-traditional security fears .
Large , publicly traded companies in other countries also often face lax limits on their use of corporate resources to influence political outcomes , fueling fears that the interests of shareholders will trump those of other groups , such as consumers and employees .
At Tiger Leaping Gorge , where a mere 100,000 residents will have to be relocated , residents fear that they will be ordered to move up the steep mountainsides to open marginal land at 6,000 to 9,000 feet .
The Party , alarmed by the `` color revolutions '' that toppled post-Soviet leaders in Georgia , Ukraine , and Kyrgyzstan , is cracking down on domestic non-government organizations for fear that they , too , might become catalysts for popular uprisings .
The Israel of `` Jerusalem '' is one of yearning for Jewish roots , a deep-seated fear of `` the Arabs , '' and an unyielding distrust of `` Gentiles '' and their `` international community . ''
This is the paradox of Israel 's existence : a sense of power combined with an ever-present apocalyptic fear of annihilation , reflected in its hostile reaction to any initiative that touches its physical security .
It accepted a truce , brokered by an Egyptian government fearful of Iran 's influence in neighboring Gaza , that not only gave Hamas political legitimacy and undermined the international community 's policy of not negotiating with this fundamentalist group , but that also allowed it to continue rearming .
Under the cover of the `` war on terror , '' the US played into Russia 's fear of encirclement through its military penetration into Central Asian countries such as Afghanistan , Pakistan , Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , Kazakhstan , and Tajikistan .
Israel , as the territorial answer to the old Jewish fears , tends to take decisions only on the basis of worst-case scenarios .
US Assistant Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller 's recent call for Israel to join the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- , which would require it to declare and relinquish its nuclear arsenal , has incited fears that America 's diplomatic umbrella for Israel 's nuclear status is ending .
Israel 's fear that the failure of sanctions might bring the United States to accept coexistence with a nuclear-armed Iran in the way it did with the Soviet Union during the Cold War is not entirely unfounded .
Today 's anxieties , too , are fed by perceptions and fears , by real and imagined concerns .
Egypt 's fears are mainly of Sudan 's disintegration into a chaotic tapestry of mini-states controlled by warlords and plunged into lawlessness and bloody tribal feuds .
Given rampant fear of Iranian influence , the movement for democracy in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia is bound to be stifled with US connivance .
The Saudi monarchy 's immunity from US pressure for democratic reform owes much to fear of the `` Shia crescent '' looming over the Gulf , with Iran at its center .
They are used to dealing with autocrats in Cairo , Damascus , and Amman , and now fear the consequences of an Arab foreign policy that genuinely responds to the voice of the people .
Abbas 's refusal to recognize Israel as a Jewish state -- on the ground that to do so would betray Israel 's 1.5 million Palestinian citizens -- vindicated a key Israeli concern , and fueled skeptics ' fears of a hidden long-term Palestinian agenda to do away with the Jewish state altogether .
With no effective central authority to inspire fear or respect and the PLO devoid of legitimacy precisely because of its refusal to give Hamas its rightful share in the organization , a grotesquely ineffective brand of `` cohabitation '' between a Fatah president and a Hamas prime minister has emerged .
Sharm el-Sheikh Redux Driven by a common fear of Islamic fundamentalism , and by a false assumption that it is an illegitimate political force , the Middle East 's so-called `` moderates '' have once again gathered at the Egyptian seaside resort of Sharm el-Sheikh , the traditional venue for emergency regional summits , to rally `` moderates '' against `` extremists . ''
The common fear of Iran is a major consideration here .
Despite massive evidence to the contrary , many people -- not least theologians -- fear that we live in a secular age .
It is not only America 's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest ; nor the other familiar phenomenon that American administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism .
If Great Powers go to war , it is generally because their leaders fear their credibility would suffer otherwise .
The authority of the big countries derives not from their European credentials but from their power ranking ; the resentment of the smaller countries flows not from a different notion of integration but from their fear of losing out .
But , with the exception of those who have only just joined , few governments on either side of the Atlantic seem to fear major disaster if it gently faded away .
The price-stability mandate has been trumped by concerns about growth . The fear is that tightening monetary policy to bear down on inflation could snuff out the faltering economic recovery .
The fear of globalization in the West is nothing new .
Articulate intellectuals and groups such as labor unions and environmental organizations in the advanced economies have voiced anti-globalization fears and sentiments for at least a quarter-century .
The fear of globalization , however , began historically in the East , not the West .
By contrast , the East generally embraced the fearful view that , as the Chilean sociologist Oswaldo Sunkel put it , integration into the international economy would lead to disintegration of the national economy .
But then fear of globalization moved to the West .
The East had feared that it could not gain from trade with the West , which had superior infrastructure and human capital ; now , the West had come to fear that it would lose from trade with the East , which had abundant , cheap labor .
Today , the West is witnessing anti-globalization opposition from members of professional groups , who fear the loss of their jobs to foreign counterparts .
Given the ironic reversal of globalization fears , Kipling is still right : convergence has continued to elude East and West .
Doing so would reduce inequalities not only between EU member states , but also within the poorer ones . The poorest of the poor would gain the most , while the rich member states would lose little , despite their popular fear of open borders .
Soon , however , those forces that feared losing power in this vast and important region began a determined counter-offensive .
Not only have they revised their spending plans , but , in many cases , they have delayed purchases , waiting for the uncertainty to clear . The result has been a sharp drop in output and employment , reinforcing fears about the future , and further decreasing spending .
All the same , I still fear that improvements in productivity will turn out to be lower than the prophets of the New Economy promise .
Given that international capital flows had restarted , they did not fear immediate external constraints .
As in real life , fans can be torn between their hopes for victory and their fear of defeat .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
Some Socialists fear that , once nominated , she would not be able to confront Sarkozy in direct debates .
The fight against female genital mutilation is not a replay of the West 's ` battle of the sexes ' circa the 1960s ; rather , it is a struggle against the fear of unknown enemies ; against fear of change and the opportunities and contexts that arrive in the wake of change .
Obama has been better than feared on international trade .
The turmoil from the Greek debt crisis and concern over analogous problems in Ireland , Portugal , Spain , and Italy have spread fears about the stability of European banks , the global financial system , the eurozone , and the global economy .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently echoed these fears in public and added worries over whether the euro will survive the crisis .
Interestingly , research on the rationales of people who have legally hastened their death under the Oregon Death with Dignity Act reveals that the fear of pain and other distressing symptoms was not a major concern in most cases .
China 's senior leaders always closely monitor spontaneous public expressions of nationalist fervor , fearful that shifting winds might blow an unwelcome storm in their direction .
An economic slowdown in the US and Europe could substantially slow this infusion of cash , because immigrants are often the first to lose their jobs when recession fears take hold .
Despite the alarming escalation in violence , fears of civil war in Kenya are probably exaggerated .
In May , he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment , but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated .
The true state of his health may matter less than public fears that he 's hiding something .
There are also fears that the splintering of Dokubu 's militias has created fertile ground in the Delta for Islamist groups .
Their resilience is important , because market fears of instability often become a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Arab governments have been especially angry over the chaos in Iraq , fearing that the US will abandon the Sunni minority to the not-so-tender mercies of revenge-minded Shi'a and expressing growing anxiety that the war has empowered Iran to extend Shi'a influence throughout the Middle East .
The military will , under any scenario , continue to quell fears of complete political chaos .
Such talks , Turkey fears , would offer tacit acknowledgement that Iraqi Kurds have won a degree of autonomy from Baghdad .
But the inertia of a bureaucratic drug-enforcement superstructure -LRB- worth approximately $ 40 billion each in the US and the EU -RRB- , sustained by a deep-seated fear of the `` threat '' posed by drugs and cartels , appears to push policy repeatedly towards the familiar option of repressive auto-pilot .
That strategy 's popular appeal will not end with the Bush administration , because neo-conservatism feeds on a set of public fears that are deeply rooted in American history .
The assumption is that only real pressure will finally force Sudan 's government to embrace the United Nations-African Union peacekeeping force , negotiate with the West , disband the feared Janjaweed militia , allow refugees from the country 's brutal civil war to return to their villages , and make peace with Southern rebels .
Finally , there is the `` military option , '' which would merely justify fears in Sudan of Western `` imperialism . ''
Both the Polish and the Ukrainian experiences have convinced me that the will to live in dignity is the most powerful engine of human action , an engine that is capable of overcoming even the greatest fear .
Torture , Yakubov says , enables the government to keep the public in fear and submission .
Giving more independence to the Central Bank would be well received in the markets , as otherwise they will fear Lula will succumb to the temptation to inflate the country 's way out of difficulties .
The prime minister 's statement was received with cheers , not the jeers that some of his aides had feared .
Pakistanis fear that , with the US planning to exit , Afghanistan will become their problem .
Both parties share the same attitudes toward immigrants , especially Muslims , and the European Union : a mixture of fear and loathing .
Dutch populists , such as Rita Verdonk or Geert Wilders , who is driven by a paranoid fear of `` Islamization , '' are putting the traditional political elites -- a combination of liberals , social democrats , and Christian democrats -- under severe pressure .
If people are anxious about their national identities , the sovereignty of their governments , the demographic and social complexion of their societies , such fears are best voiced in the political arena . As long as people express their concerns , however distasteful to liberal ears , by votes , not violence , democracy will not be seriously harmed .
These people feared the comeback of religion ; that the Protestant or Catholic oppressiveness they knew first-hand might be replaced by equally oppressive Muslim codes of conduct .
As well as being feared , the Chinese are admired for being cleverer than everybody else .
The same mixture of fear and awe is often evident in people 's views of the US , and , indeed , of the Jews .
And this should be the main lesson to draw from those Spring days in Beijing , and Shanghai , and Guangzhou , and many other places : Chinese have as much right as any other people to speak freely , without fear of arrest , to elect their own leaders , and to have laws that apply to everyone , even to the leaders themselves .
The complexities of black anger , white guilt , and of black , and white fear , are so vexed that most Americans prefer not to talk about race at all .
So perhaps the existential fear of some Western intellectuals is easier to explain than their remarkable , sometimes fawning trust in the US government to save the world by force .
To be sure , a long history of mutual Christian-Muslim hostility , and recent cases of radical Islamist violence , have made many people fearful of Islam in a way that they are not of Hinduism , say , or Buddhism .
And the minaret , piercing the sky like a missile , is easily caricatured as a fearsome image .
But if the Swiss and other Europeans were self-assured about their own identities , their Muslim fellow-citizens probably would not strike such fear in their hearts .
Freedom from faith and tradition has not always led to greater contentment , but , on the contrary , to widespread bewilderment , fear , and resentment .
Demagogues who denounce multiculturalism and warn of the `` Islamization '' of the West are exploiting the resultant fears about the loss of national identity .
Since such feelings can not simply be wished away , it is better to allow for their ritual expression , just as fears of death , violence , and decay find expression in religion or bull fighting .
Populism everywhere is driven by fear and resentment : fear of being powerless , without status or privilege , and resentment of those -- educated liberal elites , foreigners who supposedly take our jobs , and Muslims , Jews , blacks , or illegal immigrants -- who seem to enjoy undeserved benefits .
These fears and resentments exist everywhere , now more than ever .
The Tea Party movement -- an economic agenda for the rich masquerading as the salvation of God-fearing white Americans -- knows that all too well .
As the warm welcome given to Hillary Clinton on her recent swing through Asia -- even in communist Vietnam -- appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China .
But we have seen what can happen when democratic aspirations are thwarted out of fear of religious radicalism .
Denying them that freedom would almost certainly make things worse , possibly leading to precisely the kind of religious extremism that many people rightly fear .
But this fear is probably exaggerated .
A speech at the United Nations , reiterating his support for Israel , his understanding of Israel 's fears and vulnerability , with barely a mention of Palestinian fears and vulnerability .
Is it fear of being called an anti-Semite ?
On the face of it , Democrats do n't have that much to fear .
More and more , Israel began to be infected by precisely the type of politics most Jews have traditionally feared , especially ethnic nationalism .
Such fears are by no means confined to Europe 's small countries .
Still , the politics of resentment works best when it can tap into real fears .
Most men on the other hand -- deterred by fear , ignorance , pride , and , sometimes , taboo -- refuse to be tested voluntarily .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
If , on the other hand , political leaders lose their fear of debating important issues , Latin America can move forward .
They fear the threat of secularization implied by European integration .
That fear is not unjustified .
But one fears that something more dreadful than the daily misery must occur before India 's politicians decide to act .
Russia would be furious , because it fears that Kosovo 's secession -- whether or not it is internationally recognized -- might fuel separatist movements in the former Soviet empire .
For Latin American pragmatists , always fearful of Cuban fifth columnists , it offers a way to square the circle : encouraging change in Cuba without going too far .
Realpolitik and fear of another exodus of Cuban refugees across the Florida Straits may tempt the US to pursue a `` Chinese '' or `` Vietnamese '' solution to Cuba : normalizing diplomatic relations in exchange for economic reform , while leaving the question of internal political change until later .
They are attracting wider support than they should -- in part because of fear of retaliation against UN peacekeepers and humanitarian workers .
In each country where conflict is present or emerging -LRB- Bolivia , Guatemala , El Salvador , Paraguay , and Ecuador -RRB- the hard-left will push hard , the democracies will look the other way , and Obama will either give in -LRB- as at the OAS -RRB- and pay a domestic political price , or step back from Latin America , for fear of appearing isolated .
The OAS can involve itself in domestic electoral , political , or human rights issues only if a majority of its members mandates it to do so , and countries like Mexico and Brazil are fearful of picking fights with Venezuela .
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
The chronic fear of health authorities is that , by chance , another avian influenza virus will mutate and spread from person to person to spawn a global pandemic .
Vague in wording and unnecessarily broad in scope , the new laws sparked widespread fear that Article 23 will lead to curtailment of basic rights .
Religious and sociopolitical associations fear that their global ties will be severed and their existence threatened if their counterparts abroad are declared subversive in mainland China .
Easing those fears is big concern in the US these days .
Many of Rivero 's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them , and he appeared lonely .
The rabidly anti-Castro Cuban exiles clustered in Miami argue that it is fear that holds Cubans back , but that 's not true .
A visitor in Cuba finds many ready to complain , but the palpable fear and visceral hatred rampant in El Salvador and Chile in the 1980 's is absent in today 's Cuba .
Instead there is a kind of paralysis - born of a mix of loyalty , fear , and indoctrination - as they grudgingly wait for Castro to expire .
That fact has , however , done little to allay fears in the region .
As China seeks to translate its economic clout into major geopolitical advantages in Asia , a country that once boasted of `` having friends everywhere '' finds that its growing power may be inspiring awe , but that its actions are spurring new concerns and fears .
Even as Vietnam moves closer to the US as a hedge against China 's muscular strategy , some Vietnamese leaders fear that the Americans remain committed to regime change .
In fact , 2010 will be remembered as the year that Chinese leaders undercut their country 's own interests by kindling fears of an expansionist China , thereby facilitating America 's return to center stage in Asia .
China , fearing that the law could be used to move Taiwan towards independence , reacted strongly even before the referendum bill was approved by the Legislative Yuan , Taiwan 's parliament .
China fears that the government still wants to write a new constitution - one from which Taiwanese independence would be derived .
Every Indian and Pakistani government embraces the Kashmiri cause , both as a useful device to divert attention from their failures and because they fear what their publics might do if they were seen as surrendering to the traditional enemy on so vital an issue .
What , they asked , could Russia possibly fear from `` yellow monkeys '' ?
For the first time in its troubled history , Romania has nothing to fear from its neighbors .
Across Romania , fear is growing of a looming porcine genocide as the country prepares to negotiate its way into the EU .
Today the great task is to calm the fears that our traditions are being undermined ; to reach out to people who are coming into our lands from other countries ; and to find a way of recreating our political ethic around the kernel of human rights , equality , non-discrimination , and democracy .
Leading journalists have been assaulted , the culprits never found . `` There is only fear , not freedom , of expression in Ethiopia , '' says one leading journalist .
This continued for only a few days , but fear of the occupying Soviets never left even as they began to distribute food and set up a rudimentary administration .
Millions worry about their jobs - and thus the quality of their lives - in addition to fearing for their personal security .
They resist assimilation , fearing that it will rob them of their identity without offering a new one .
Their success reflects the electorate 's uncertainties and , increasingly , the perceived injustices of globalization , as well as the fear of many about minorities , immigrants , and foreigners in general .
Israel has long avoided drafting a constitution , because its secular citizens fear that orthodox Jews would impose their values on them .
In the free world , people are not forced to read a newspaper or listen to a speech that they do not like , and they can oppose without fear what is said by those in positions of authority .
Even more starkly unbalanced political landscapes can be found in France and Italy , where neither President Chirac nor Prime Minister Berlusconi need fear their challengers ; indeed neither has a challenger to speak of .
Second , the fear of a tidal wave of immigrants from Eastern Europe is largely a populist fantasy .
During the Cold War , when the West feared attack by the Soviet bloc , the US and Europe were united through NATO in standing up to that threat .
Today , when the central fear in Western countries is of international instability and terrorism , the NATO allies are far less united in how to respond .
These fears incite anger and xenophobia , even though everyone knows that globalization can not be conquered by kicking out foreigners .
Because they fear the crises that lie ahead .
This is most notable among big member states like Britain , France , and Spain , and one can see why ; these are former `` great powers , '' which fear being submerged in a mega-Europe .
Today , by insisting on Presidential rotation and the equality of member states , whatever their size , the small countries are effectively adopting an inter-governmentalist position , because they fear that the real purpose of the Franco-German proposal is to ensure that the Council will remain under the leadership of a big member .
Unfortunately , it is increasingly clear that some peripheral EU members and many of the new members intend to revise the draft treaty , which they fear goes too far toward political integration .
Some small countries do not like the idea of a permanent President of the Council of Ministers , which they fear will strengthen the influence of big countries at their expense .
The scale of these costs is unknown , but the share prices of the banks that could be affected -LRB- Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland in particular -RRB- rose when the report was published , suggesting that they are not as high as had been feared .
Depending on size , this might constrain the ambitions of institutions that have plainly been `` too big to manage , '' as well as `` too big to fail , '' which is the most fearsome combination .
· even before a takeover occurs , managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors , especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover ;
In some countries , fiscal policy is crippled by legitimate fears that more deficit spending will trigger government-debt crises .
Meanwhile , banking policy is crippled by populist reaction against more bailouts , and monetary policy by a strange mindset among central bankers that fears inflation even as wage growth continues to drop .
How is it that the unemployed , and those who fear they might be the next wave of unemployed , do not register to vote ?
If those who hold power fear that change may bring unpleasant consequences , they will systematically obstruct it , which rulers in the Middle East proceeded to do for centuries .
So why , in the absence of solvency fears , do capital inflows to America continue ?
In the United States , the fears of nine months ago that America 's economy might succumb to deflation have been dispelled .
More importantly , the developing world has little to fear from sudden panic on Wall Street .
American domestic interest rates are so low and the fear of a large further decline in the dollar so great that it is nearly impossible to envision a sudden withdrawal of capital from developing countries to the post-industrial core .
Another source is investors who feared losing their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990 's , techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer , and the third-world rich , who think a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat .
The second historical rule of thumb is that currencies on the decline tend to overshoot : near the bottom , international currency speculators require a substantial risk premium out of the fear that the currency crash might trigger something even worse .
At some point , the yields on bonds and mortgages will be high enough that investors ' appetite for yield will balance their fear of exchange-rate depreciation .
The second factor that could push US interest rates sharply upward is not fear of a decline in the future value of the dollar , but the fact of a past decline in its value .
Rather than leading rich-country savers to invest their money in poor countries out of greed , liberalization of capital flows has led poor-country savers to park their money in rich countries out of fear -- fear of political instability , macreconomic disturbances , and deficient institutions -LRB- especially those that protect the rights of bondholders and minority shareholders -RRB- .
Indeed , they fear that the scale of that potential crisis is becoming larger and larger .
Investors fearing geopolitical catastrophe might cope to some degree by raising their consumption spending .
Those who fear geopolitical catastrophe will sell assets , putting downward pressure on their value , only if there are other , safer assets that they see that they can buy .
As Harvard 's Robert Barro has recently pointed out , fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe -- even one that spares a subset of assets that can not be specified in advance -- will not affect relative asset prices , because investors have no motive to sell or buy any particular asset .
According to Barro , the consequences of enhanced fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe depend on how it affects the global pool of savings .
If people are risk-averse enough that increased fear of the future causes them to save more , rising global uncertainty will raise bond and stock prices , and lower interest rates and dividend and earnings yields .
The principal fear , at least in the circles in which I move , is of a sudden unwinding of `` global imbalances '' : a rapid and destabilizing end to America 's very large trade deficit and to Asia 's very large trade surplus .
Voters and politicians today , it seems , fear inflation and are willing to accept occasional economic recessions and unemployment above its natural rate as unfortunate but inevitable consequences of the necessary and beneficial pursuit of long-term price stability .
The Fed hopes that it can handle the current situation without being forced to rescue market liquidity by cutting interest rates and thus giving what it fears would be an unhealthy boost to spending .
Wolf then announced his `` fear that the combination of the fragility of the financial system with the huge rewards it generates for insiders will destroy something even more important -- the political legitimacy of the market economy itself ... ''
And a higher-debt America is one in which savers and lenders would have a justified greater fear that the government would resort to inflation in order to repudiate part of its outstanding debt .
They expect Lula to accomplish the equivalent of Nixon 's trip to China -- to be the leftist who hard-headedly balances Brazil 's budget , eliminates foreign investors ' fear of debt repudiation via hyperinflation , and gives them fat capital gains on their Brazilian stocks and bonds .
The Fed and Treasury feared that the lesson being taught in the last half of 2007 and the first half of 2008 was that the US government guaranteed all the debt and transactions of every bank and bank-like entity that was regarded as too big to fail .
Shareholder democracy simply does not work , but managers ' fear that if the stock price drops too low they will be out on their ears provides a useful restraint .
But US presidents seek more than just a credible commitment to financial markets that the Fed chair will fear and fight inflation .
Agreed EU-wide immigration rules are needed to reconcile shrinking Europe 's hunger for imported labor with widespread fears of cultural tensions and social unrest .
In Japan , fear of North Korea 's nuclear threat and anger over the abduction of Japanese citizens generates powerful political pressure against engagement .
As a non-Muslim , Indian woman , I was able to travel through the region without any fear and received warm support from local residents . People of all stripes welcomed me , and were often willing to take me to important Buddhist sites .
Then , as now , fears about regional instability , economic stagnation , and social backwardness abounded .
There were anxieties , too , that the increasing loss of legitimacy of Arab nationalist regimes would benefit radical Islamists - fears confirmed by Algeria 's bloody civil war of the 1990 's .
But if defending the status quo no longer seems possible , regime change incites its own fears .
For years to come Serbs will retain a cynical view of Western justice and look at the West with fear and hostility .
Now , it is feared , organized crime will intimidate his less talented successors .
I fear that it stems from the fact that we Europeans are so materialistic , so devoid of a moral compass .
Of course , neoconservative critics of the high court will see in this explanation the confirmation of their worst fears .
It should work , that is , unless the terrorist attacks have so shaken consumer confidence that people go into a form of spending hibernation in fear of the future .
For all the good news about Mexico 's infant democracy , its president is beginning to justify the early fears about him : no vision , no Congress to work with , and no team that knows what to do .
Indeed , fears are growing that southern Africa will be condemned to the role of exporter of raw materials .
There are those who welcome what Bush has brought to the bilateral party because it will allow them to live without fear .
Of course , I do not fear some sort of military clash between Turkey and the EU .
With fears mounting that one or another euro-zone country may default , yield spreads on government bonds between EMU countries have reached record highs .
So , by creating incompatibilities , some subtle and some obvious , that make its old software obsolete , Microsoft can sell its operating systems at high profit margins without fear that people will wait until the price drops .
The administration of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner generates a great deal of distrust among local and foreign investors , who fear arbitrary measures .
The recent decision of Standard and Poor 's to lower Argentina 's rating is fully justified and reflects many analysts ' fear that Argentina will again default on its public debt .
This suggests that investment may respond better than the pessimists fear .
The fear underlying such questions rests on a misunderstanding of the behavior of central-banks reserve managers .
Now the fear is that currency warfare , leading to tariffs and retaliation , could cause disruptions to the international trading system as serious as those of the 1930 's .
Employment growth continues to disappoint , and fears of deflation will not go away .
If fears of deflation were to recede , and if output and employment were to grow more vigorously , the pressure for a protectionist response would dissipate .
Governments fear that they will lose credibility with financial markets .
BERKELEY -- Financial markets are increasingly certain that a Greek debt restructuring is coming , and European policymakers fear the worst . `` In the worst case , '' as Juergen Stark , a member of the European Central Bank board , has put it , `` a debt restructuring of a eurozone member could put the consequences of Lehman 's bankruptcy in the shade . ''
US budget deficits as far as the eye can see might excite fear of losses on US Treasury bonds .
A de facto policy of inflating away the debt might stoke such fears further .
Given all this , more deficit spending will only stoke fears of higher future taxes and inflation .
As government deficits and public debt increase in many developed and emerging economies , financial markets will most likely demand higher risk premia , owing to heightened fears of default and inflation down the road .
The fear is that it may not .
My own sense is that it was able but unwilling , owing to its fear of collateral damage for the rest of the eurozone .
So there you are : a Greek veto on Macedonia 's national aspirations until it has chosen a name that does not make the Greeks shiver in fear of aggression from the north .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
But political leaders in the EU are merely succumbing to ill-informed fears .
In any case , the new policies should reassure those who feared that China 's central government either would simply watch the bubble inflate or that it lacked a sufficiently independent macroeconomic policy to intervene .
OXFORD -- Throughout the history of the oil industry , fear and concern about the imminent exhaustion of oil reserves has been a recurring theme .
But when foreign investors do n't want to continue to hold dollar securities , their attempts to sell them will push down their value until the combination of reduced exposure and reduced fear of further dollar decline makes them willing to hold the outstanding stock of dollar securities .
The fear about the dollar 's future is driven by several different but related concerns .
But , while there is much to worry about , the bottom line is that these fears are exaggerated .
But , because Greek euro bonds were regarded as a close substitute for other countries ' euro bonds , the interest rate on Greek bonds did not rise as Greece increased its borrowing -- until the market began to fear a possible default .
Foreign investors might therefore fear that future US administrations will be tempted to reduce the real value of that debt by allowing a higher inflation rate .
While such policies are extremely unlikely , fear of such possibilities could cause foreign investors to shun the dollar .
That reduction in potential deficits and debt can by itself give a boost to the economy in 2011 by calming fears that an exploding national debt would eventually force the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates -- perhaps sharply if foreign buyers of US Treasuries suddenly became frightened by the deficit prospects .
The US Federal Reserve will maintain its policy of keeping the overnight interest rate at near zero ; but , given a fear of asset-price bubbles , it will not reverse its decision to end its policy of buying Treasury bonds -- so-called `` quantitative easing '' -- at the end of June .
Those two years would also indicate whether Italian banks are in better shape than many now fear .
If Spain and Italy do look sound enough at the end of two years , European political leaders can allow Greece to default without fear of dangerous contagion .
A country that finds its economy very depressed during the next few years , and fears that this will be chronic , might be tempted to leave the EMU in order to ease monetary conditions and devalue its currency .
To some degree , fear of terrorism might shield US leaders from the need for accountability .
First , the European offer to open up technology and trade , including the peaceful use of nuclear technology , was disproportionate to Iran 's fundamental fear of regime change on the one hand , and its regional hegemonic aspirations and quest for global prestige on the other .
Presenting Iran with these alternatives presupposes that the West does not fear rising oil and gas prices .
Steadily rising prices of raw materials , agricultural products , and energy already reflect fears about future shortages .
Can he deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians ' fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
One might fear that Camp David proves to be the tragedy and Annapolis the farce .
· Should Iran manage to become a nuclear power , the Saudis ' existential fears would dramatically escalate . More generally , the currency of conventional military power in the Middle East would largely lose its value , inevitably resulting in a regional nuclear arms race .
And most Arab governments share the fear of a nuclear Iran .
After all , if Russia 's government really wanted to achieve a change in the post-Soviet status quo , it should , first and foremost , pursue a policy vis-à-vis its neighbors that reduces rather than increases fears .
If the West approaches these discussions with Russia without illusions , with a clear understanding of its own strategic interests , and with new ideas for partnership and cooperation , the worst to be feared is failure .
America fears deflation ; Europe -- driven by its largest economy , Germany -- fears national debt and inflation .
It 's not just that there is fear in Berlin that any European solution would be much more expensive for Germany and take a lot longer ; this new form of German euroskepticism also shows a fundamental change of attitude amongst the overwhelming majority of Germany 's political and economic elite .
After all , if President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has genuinely won by a margin of 2:1 , there is nothing to fear .
There is nothing they fear as much as opening up and reducing tension with America .
This explains their great fear of , indeed an obsession with , `` color revolutions , '' although they are de facto working hard to bring one about .
Of course , all the partial modernizers in China , Russia , Vietnam , and other countries share a fear of `` colored revolutions , '' the non-violent upheavals that brought democracy to Georgia , Ukraine , and Lebanon in recent years .
Moreover , regardless of who wins the presidential runoff , fears about Ukraine 's independence will not , in contrast to 2004\/2005 , be an issue . This too , is a step forward that should not be underestimated .
The French government , on the other hand , fears that the Germans ' commitment to eurozone stability is a ploy aimed at pushing France into a corner and leaving it behind economically .
I believe that these fears are exaggerated , even misplaced .
Berlin is consumed not with the question of what Europe might need in this historical situation , and what Germany 's role should be , but with fear -- of the conservative and tabloid press , of further losses in state elections , and of the possibility that the German constitutional court will intervene and overturn the existing programs to contain the euro crisis .
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
The country has lost its credibility with the United Nations and in the Middle East ; its claim to a permanent seat on the Security Council has just been trashed for good ; and one really must fear the worst for Europe .
Are they reluctant to come clean with their people out of fear for their own political futures ?
Other crisis countries in the eurozone have not been stabilized , because Germany -- fearing a domestic political backlash -- has not dared to embrace a community of liability by issuing Eurobonds , even if the European Financial Stability Facility 's new role means that virtually 90 % of the path has already been traveled .
The political , economic , and financial costs of renationalization would be enormous ; an EU collapse is feared around the world for good reason .
What 's more , it is threatened by a de-facto anti-Iranian coalition of all other regional powers , united by their fear of Iranian ascendancy .
The Soviets , with their fragile legitimacy , always feared betrayal .
But fears of `` enemies within , '' such as Russia 's Pasko , or the French , British , and other European Muslims who fought alongside the Taliban , are also gaining ground .
But other hostilities soon took hold , and by the fourth century , Christians had more to fear from each other than from outsiders .
Yet the fear of Jewish prowess continued to shape the thinking of the West , both consciously and unconsciously .
But these clear examples quickly fade into an ambiguous and disputed range of cases , such as Israel 's fear of Iraq 's Osirak nuclear reactor in 1981 .
But there is no way of making an objective assessment of fear , and even if it were possible , using cost\/benefit analysis to invade the territory of another country would wreak havoc with the global system of national sovereignty and international law .
Admittedly , prior actions and intentions matter in making a judgment about whether to fear an attack .
If we look back at irrational claims of individual self-defense -- McVeigh , Amir , and others -- we see that their fears were based on private evidence not shared by more than a small circle of friends and co-conspirators , at most .
Another reason for our greater fear of terrorism is that whereas ordinary criminals prefer secrecy , terrorists crave publicity .
Parents are now fearful that every delay in speech or socialization presages autism .
But fear of autism is so great , and the reactions to it so irrational , that in some circles Wakefield continues to be revered as a false prophet .
Even in the area of trade policy , despite fears of protectionism , the outcome was not bad by the standards of past recessions , let alone compared to America 's infamous Smoot-Hawley tariffs , enacted in 1930 .
When one asks finance ministers in commodity-exporting debtor countries , they frequently reply that they fear insufficient demand for commodity bonds .
The Myitsone and Mekong incidents have now cast a shadow over these projects , fueling fear of a chain reaction that could wreck China 's two-decade-long effort to achieve deeper regional integration .
The most important question of the day is not the government 's perspective , that is , its desire to instill fear and eliminate checks and balances on its power .
They are also fearful that Russia will use the energy weapon against them in the future , once the new pipeline allows the Kremlin to do so without affecting Western Europe .
The country 's religious laws and character -- central to the regime 's legitimacy -- undermine liberal forces , and many Saudis fear that the pressures surrounding religious and political reform will lead to an explosion .
Even so , the ICC prosecutor 's application for an arrest warrant for al-Bashir -- announced this past July -- has yet to provoke a widely-feared crackdown on humanitarian organizations .
After the Beslan tragedy , Putin offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Kremlin strategists explained that they feared the US would oust Russia from Central Asia .
A dearth of water fuels ethnic strife , as communities begin to fear for their survival and seek to capture the resource .
MOSCOW -- Twenty-five years ago this month , I sat across from Ronald Reagan in Reykjavik , Iceland to negotiate a deal that would have reduced , and could have ultimately eliminated by 2000 , the fearsome arsenals of nuclear weapons held by the United States and the Soviet Union .
The 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces -LRB- INF -RRB- Treaty destroyed the feared quick-strike missiles then threatening Europe 's peace .
Some observers fear that the attacks in New York and Washington may act as a catalyst for American consumers , who have kept spending despite a recent parade of grim economic statistics , to finally tighten their belts .
US unemployment figures released the Friday before the terrorists struck showed a sharp increase in new benefit claimants , reinforcing fears that consumers would soon retrench , and so tip the economy into recession .
The fear now is that the terrorist attack will deter consumers from spending , and thus accelerate the ongoing slowdown .
As a result , Japanese increasingly fear China 's rise and possible future retribution for their country 's wartime aggressions .
The German authorities feared that the country 's export-oriented economy would suffer from the wide exchange-rate swings that are the norm for global reserve currencies .
How to Make EU Integration Popular Across the European Union , fears about globalization and antipathy to integration and immigration have produced massive political fallout , including the failed French and Dutch referenda on the Union 's draft constitutional treaty and a de facto moratorium on accession talks with Turkey .
When its terrorists struck America in 2001 , they seemed to confirm the Western world 's worst fears about Islam .
By contrast , those who lose from trade , or who fear that they could lose , while relatively small in number , are anything but invisible .
Recession , job loss , and expensive oil , not war , is what Americans fear most for 2008 .
In a crisis , Israel or Iran could be tempted to use nuclear weapons out of fear that the other would if they did not .
The Nigerian father who warned the US embassy in Lagos that he feared what his own son might do -- before that same young man attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 -- is an example of just this .
To assure the experts that they could talk without fear , the Resolution gave the inspectors the authority to bring entire families out of the country .
This will help to avoid the kind of fears that surfaced in 2004 about implementation of the previous UN plan .
Its population lives in fear of bombings and suicide attacks -- the next one could be at the local mosque , an internet café , or a roadside restaurant .
The battle being fought for the soul of the Middle East can not be won online , nor can it be subdued through the cynical manipulation of trust and fear .
At the same time , people 's irrational fears and secret desires could not be suppressed .
Belief in vampires in Eastern European societies served its own historical purposes : uniting communities and identifying outsiders , giving concrete form to death fears , explaining mysterious events , and , last but not least , providing a means of resistance to the encroachment of Western ideas and patterns of thought .
If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver , then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us : as a projection of our fears and uncertainties , sexual desires , group and personal animosities , and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society .
When markets fear that a country might not repay its debts , they demand higher interest rates , which in turn make countries less willing or able to repay , justifying the initial fear .
My thinking does not emanate from aversion to Russia , or any feeling of superiority -- or , on the other hand , from fear of how Russia might respond to NATO 's further enlargement .
The bravery of those who found their social conscience , overcame fear , and stood up to communist dictatorship remains fresh in my memory .
In return , the Cuban regime made a sham gesture by releasing a small number of the prisoners of conscience -- mostly those who were tortured and seriously ill -- who the regime most feared would die in its notorious prisons .
I fear that , with only a few exceptions , most countries have been surprised and caught off guard -- once again -- by the rapid course that events have taken in Burma .
Given how central the values of human rights , democracy and the rule of law are in Europe , we feel it is our obligation to speak out against such injustices continuing unchecked . Less than twenty years ago there were political prisoners on the EU 's borders who were denied the basic rights of freedom of speech and expression , lived in constant fear of being denounced and dreamed about enjoying what Europeans in the ` West ' took for granted .
The country 's ruling generals will twist what is meant to be a democratic process , whereby the people get to express their will , into a mockery of free expression in which people vote in fear and without hope .
PRAGUE -- The shattering earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan on March 11 have wrought devastating physical damage -- aggravated by the threat of a nuclear disaster -- across the country 's northeastern coastal areas , and have rekindled grave fears in the only country to have experienced fully the atom 's potential for horror .
At home , the legacy of Saudi family rule , fear of chaos , increased public spending , and abundant security forces have produced calm .
Moreover , when schizophrenia begins , these persons are often in states of extreme fear or elation .
Pakistan is usually mentioned first in this context because many fear that the Pakistani army may break up and a fundamentalist regime may emerge , allied with the Taliban , and possessing nuclear weapons .
But even if the U.S. had direct evidence of Iraq 's involvement , it would hesitate to make it public for fear of alerting Hussein , and triggering some sort of pre-emptive strike on Tel-Aviv .
To protect itself , Pakistan 's desperate military establishment , fearful of being labeled a proliferator and of ultimately being deprived of its nukes , has chosen to sacrifice Dr. Khan .
However , such a threat could be used for creating the fear of Islam among sinful women .
Writing in the fifth century b.c. , Hippocrates provided the first known definition of melancholia -LRB- what we now call `` depression '' -RRB- as a distinct disorder : `` If fear or sadness last for a long time it is melancholia . ''
With its fearless involvement in Arab politics , it has created a new venue for political freedom , which has culminated in its unreserved support for Arab revolutions .
In Amman , Damascus , Istanbul , and Beirut I met dozens of people who have a well-founded fear of persecution in their home country .
But I fear that the steps needed to emulate Estonia 's achievements may not be very welcome elsewhere in the EU .
One week after the summit , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried to calm the continent 's fears about the US-Colombia agreement , explaining that it is merely a minor revision of the Bill Clinton-era Plan Colombia , an American program to support the government against the drug cartels .
One set of fears concerns the labor market -- the so-called `` Polish plumber '' question .
What makes the debate so passionate in 2005 is a new fear that did not exist in the 1980 's : that the new members have a different social model , in which workers ' rights and the welfare state will be eroded .
Nobody worried about foreign ownership of US ports as long as the owner was a British company ; the new fears reflect the belief that Dubai might be a channel for Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism .
An alternative scenario suggests that these fears emanate from a real problem .
Because of fears about pollution , or about the safety of nuclear energy , most countries neglected to build up their own capacity .
These two scenarios of the origins of economic nationalism , one irrational and the other not , are not real alternatives , but describe responses that intertwine : the more rational the fear , the more that fear can be used as an instrument of politics .
But we should be far more worried that fear about the collapse or manipulation of markets creates a demand for action that makes such a collapse more rather than less likely .
There was widespread fear that dependence on computers would produce a millennial catastrophe , as hospitals , airplanes , power grids , and communications would all grind to a halt when 1999 became 2000 .
The alternative approach was that of Canada , which , because of its roots in secure British rule , had much less fear of political centralization , and was prepared to tolerate a nation-wide banking system .
In the 1960s , President Johnson feared the risk of a new 1930s-style Great Depression , and responded with an increase in domestic social spending -LRB- `` the Great Society '' -RRB- at the same time as the escalation of the war in Vietnam boosted military expenditure .
Some of the ghosts of the 1930 's have returned , too -- in particular , the fear of unfair trade advantages caused by competitive devaluation .
FLORENCE -- The stress tests applied to American banks last year are widely credited with restoring financial stability in the United States and removing the fear that major financial institutions might fail .
As with heart attacks , the acute stage is usually followed by stabilization , in which banks are recapitalized and the fear of immediate failure wanes .
But major new injections of capital into the banking system are unlikely , owing to lingering fear from the recent financial past .
This is the major geo-political outcome of the Great Recession of the early twenty-first century -- one that carries both economic hope and political fear .
For a moment , it looked as if a contagious crisis , driven by fears of government over-indebtedness , would destroy the politically fragile compromise that European countries had carefully constructed over a 50-year period .
But it is also necessary to establish an iron-clad guarantee of some part of the outstanding debt , in order to remove fear of a complete write-down .
But now , in the wake of the financial crisis , a tide of distrust is sweeping the world -- including a new and widespread fear that central banks are incapable of controlling inflation .
Inflation fear was already present before the new challenges of 2011 raised questions about long-term energy prices .
The three revolutions that made the modern world , in France , Russia , and China , all had their immediate origins in food shortages , fear of hunger , and disputes about food pricing .
Indeed China-mania , a mixture of hopes , but mostly fears , is sweeping the world due to China 's rapid economic rise .
Americans fear their markets being flooded by Chinese goods .
The fears were misplaced , because the world benefited from cheaper and more readily available products .
When it feared that it might be overtaken by the next rising economic power , the vast Russian empire , assertiveness turned into aggression .
A government impressed by past national achievement , but fearful of being overtaken and deeply worried about its own legitimacy , is likely to look for an outlet in foreign policy to mobilize domestic support or ward off opposition .
Not only nuclear weapons incited these fears .
Only a patient , creative , and consistent engagement strategy will mitigate fears on both sides .
The lack of big-picture reform attests to the older generations ' collective fear that fundamental structural changes will bring disruption and chaos , threatening the Party 's hold on power .
Similarly , though China remains fundamentally dissatisfied with its southern land borders and its sea borders to the east and southeast , its current leaders fear that isolation would result from an assertive and aggressive foreign policy .
Issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary , but the Fed might conclude otherwise , because the US has never been in this situation before , credit is now imploding , and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared .
His national security adviser , McGeorge Bundy , fueled Johnson 's fears .
That electoral loss seemed to confirm Johnson 's earlier fears : those who pull out of wars lose elections .
That lesson instilled in the Democratic Party a bone-deep fear of `` McGovernism '' that continues to this day .
I fear it is because the US found itself denied its primacy in setting global policy on Iran .
The behaviorist psychology it drew upon has long expired , and the fear that science will be used to make , or even force , people to be morally better now sounds old-fashioned .
When the sun sets in Myanmar , fear rises .
Ultimately , it is feared that the SCO could develop into a military alliance similar to the Warsaw Pact of the Cold War era , with an embryonic `` Great China Union '' at its core .
The case evokes memories of the days when the KGB 's influence was pervasive , and dissidents across Eastern Europe and Soviet lands like Turkmenistan lived in fear .
As a result , we have little fear of World War III nowadays , even though unprecedentedly rapid changes in the global balance of power are creating classic conditions for unleashing it .
Russia , with its formal nuclear superiority , has no serious fears regarding China 's military buildup .
Some Russians fear that if China is allowed to build these projects , crowds of Chinese will flock into the country . My answer is this : if we stay where we are , like the proverbial dog in the manger , the hay -- Russia 's economy -- will rot .
My fear is that he is either choosing to bleed the opposition to death , rather than invite global action with a broad massacre , or waiting for the world to prove itself unwilling to act -- at which point he might well begin killing civilians in large numbers .
But cultivating fear in others also makes one more susceptible to fear , and nothing is more frightening to Khamenei and the leaders of the Islamic Republic than the social dynamism unleashed by the democratic movement brewing inside the country .
Hossein Saffar Harandi , a former minister of culture and Islamic guidance , expressed this fear when he said that `` citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people -LRB- are -RRB- part of a soft war against the Islamic Republic . ''
But , since Iran 's post-election crisis in June , the people have become fearless , and in turn are terrifying the government .
The extent to which Khamenei fears this social upsurge is stunning .
If the Russian-Western alliance fails to bring tangible benefits to Russia soon , there is a growing fear that the loss of confidence in Putin may weaken him fatally .
Russian leaders typically dealt with their fear of isolation -- and encirclement -- by going out of their way to appear threatening .
But Putin 's interventions in the UN Security Council over Iraq have been far more moderate than , say , those of France and Germany , two of America 's historic allies . This is so even though Russia has vital national interests to protect in Iraq , including real fears about regional instability spreading into Russia 's south , with its millions of Muslim citizens .
The first made potential partners recoil in fear , the second made them shrink in confusion .
This does not imply that a government must rule by fear , as past Russian governments did : in this respect , Putin 's government is as good as any Russia has ever had .
When General Yevgeni Malashenko declined in fear that he might be arrested , the 94-year-old Király flew to Moscow , where he spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired Red Army generals .
Becoming a mother -- the rite of passage that Mothers ' Day celebrates -- can carry a terrible burden of fear , anxiety , and loss for many women and their families .
Giving birth was so risky that they feared for their lives .
They fear that the impressive gains of the last decade will be lost . `` We are sitting on a time bomb , '' Dr. Mugyenyi told me .
United Nations teams fear that the actual number of deaths and current infections may in fact be up to twice as high .
People everywhere live in growing anxiety and fear .
But China , which fears a collapse of the North Korean regime above all , does not want to antagonize Kim .
A general fear has arisen in Asia that China is seeking to use its growing maritime might to dominate not only development of the hydrocarbon-rich waters of the South China Sea , but also its shipping lanes , which are some of the world 's most heavily trafficked .
For example , it is fear of spreading turmoil from a collapsing North Korea that has made Chinese policy toward the North so supine .
European countries , meanwhile , criticize the current military strategy . They fear that more troops may only lead to more civilian casualties , antagonizing Afghans .
In a country with one of the worst histories of economic crisis and volatility , fears of a new meltdown are growing , and investors have been dollarizing their portfolios in order to protect their capital .
The inferiority complex of Russia 's derzhavniki -LRB- advocates of a powerful , effective state -RRB- reflects only weakness , not strength . It is similar to the fanatic feelings of a mouse who thinks that there is nothing more fearful than a cat .
Even though they were already resigned to a 25-basis-point rate increase , the politicians made a big show of being opposed to it , aiming to prevent what they really feared and what was certainly more warranted : a 50-basis-point hike and a warning of more on the way .
Still , politicians and maybe even some central bankers continue to be concerned about the currency , because they fear that a stronger euro could stifle exports , thus weakening overall economic performance .
But this fear is likely to diminish as Europe 's recovery broadens past exports into the economy 's domestic sectors .
The ECB should act with greater alacrity not because there are increased prospects for future growth , but for the opposite reason : the fear that European growth will slow , thus limiting the possibility for future rate hikes .
Some are recalcitrant and are more than willing to see the euro rise because , with rate hikes off the table , the strong euro may be the only way left for fighting the incipient inflation they fear .
But European officials -- and not only the ECB &#45; &#45; seem very reluctant to admit that their economy is faltering , fearing that it will further weaken confidence and add to the slowdown pressures .
The US Federal Reserve can cut 100 basis points from the federal funds rate and not lose control over US inflationary expectations . Yet , the ECB can not cut interest rates 1 basis point because it fears euro-zone inflationary expectations are becoming unglued .
His colleague on the ECB Governing Council , Bundesbank president Axel Weber , seems to have gotten the message that the more ECB officials talk up inflationary fears , the more the trade unions will ask .
Poland 's peasants , who gained a glimpse of the wider world since 1989 , see what is going on and fear it .
Like everyone else , our peasants vote their fears and choose as their representatives the peasant parties who think that political stalemate is the only way to preserve Poland 's rural way of life .
Local Serbs fear that the government in Pri¨tina simply wants to impose its will on Serb-majority areas rather than engaging with them as Kosovo citizens equal under the law .
Opponents of partition fear opening a Pandora 's Box of other Balkan issues .
For decades , most Arabs , however unhappy , kept their political grievances private , for fear of persecution if they turned against their leaders publicly .
As it turned out , by the time the seriousness of the rebellion became clear , fear was already changing sides even within the halls of Tunisian power .
Fissures within the Egyptian regime suggest that in Hosni Mubarak 's entourage , too , fear is in flux .
The Arab street has changed the calculus of fear not only in the countries that have witnessed major protests , but also in the rest of the Arab world , where rulers are on notice that discontent need not remain submerged forever .
Gaza and the Failure of Deterrence Every day in the Gaza Strip , strategic deterrence -- the inhibition of attack by a fear of punishment backed up by superior military power -- is being put to the test .
The fact that Israelis and Palestinians need to agree on a solution of the refugee issue neutralizes unwarranted Israeli fears about the demographic threat posed by the Palestinians ' right of return .
But numerous scientific studies showed that these fears were baseless .
For starters , the specialist who in the 1960 's originally recognized social anxiety -LRB- London-based Isaac Marks , a renowned expert on fear and panic -RRB- strongly resisted its inclusion in DSM-III as a separate disease category .
The list of common behaviors associated with the disorder gave him pause : fear of eating alone in restaurants , avoidance of public toilets , and concern about trembling hands .
To counter the impression that it was turning common fears into treatable conditions , DSM-IV added a clause stipulating that social anxiety behaviors had to be `` impairing '' before a diagnosis was possible .
They are nostalgic for the past and fearful of globalization .
Indeed , on the 50th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome , no less a Euro-luminary than Jacques Delors expressed the fear that the EU could `` unravel '' ; Germany 's former foreign minister , Joschka Fischer , expressed similar sentiments in an interview on the BBC in early 2009 .
Nor is this fear limited to consumers .
Europeans consumers ' growing awareness of their rights and farmers ' increasing fear of dependence on multinational companies are symptoms of a deeper concern about values and priorities : the type of environment we want , the role of biodiversity , our tolerance for risk , and the price we are prepared to pay for regulation .
In Europe and beyond , GMOs became emblematic of the powerful economic fears that globalization inspires .
In rejecting the European constitution , France expressed its fear of , among other things , globalization .
But now , as back then , fear and doubt won the day .
Political parties and others who mobilized opposition to the EDC feared a remilitarized Germany and a threat to France 's sovereignty .
But France 's referendum result fueled other European governments ' fears that any new proposal they might put forward to re-launch the EU constitution would fail in the face of domestic and Europe-wide opposition .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
An atmosphere of mortal fear , mutual suspicion , and hatred among the Communist elite was the catalyst for Nikita Khrushchev 's post-Stalin thaw .
Stalin 's regime could be compared to a cruel , sadistic father who keeps his children in a state of fear and submission .
Moreover , ordinary Cubans fear that their ration cards -- their only means of getting food -- will be canceled .
While China 's rulers may fear losing control , they also need to recognize that the current system is causing intense discontent .
The other award winner , former US Vice President Al Gore , has spent much more time telling us what to fear .
Those fears melted away , but today the world has many real , pressing problems .
The United Nations Framework Convention has refused to fund disaster preparedness efforts unless states demonstrate exactly how the disasters they feared were linked to climate change .
Global fear about free trade leaves the planet at risk of missing out on the extraordinary benefits that it offers .
Pleas for action on climate change reflect fears that global warming might undermine agricultural production , especially in the developing world .
The Copenhagen Consensus Center set out to ask people in global-warming hot spots about their fears and hopes . In Mojo , central Ethiopia , our researchers met Tadese Denkue , a 68-year-old former soldier with no regular income .
And in Germany , Der Spiegel magazine reported survey results showing that only 42 % feared global warming , compared with 62 % in 2006 .
An uprising that would give the allies the city without a fight , however , is too much to expect so long as they fear that Saddam might survive to punish them .
With China 's regime now gripped by fear of an Arab-style revolution , the government has chosen repression as the only means to `` maintain stability . '' On the day of Ai 's arrest , former Global Times journalist Wen Tao was grabbed off the street in broad daylight .
Its preamble , which opens with the phrase `` We , the Egyptian people , '' can be read as a scathing attack on Egypt 's current political order , and calls for an end to fear and despotism .
But we do not fear trees . We do not fear their retaliation .
Moreover , Czechoslovakia 's fearsome secret police , who had every interest in silencing or compromising the famous dissident writer , never used the incident to blackmail or expose him .
Moreover , Pakistan 's fear of vilification and failure has given birth to an increasingly paranoid brand of Islam that seeks to impose stricter controls -- on education , women 's rights , dancing , beardlessness , and sex -- and close society to all forms of modernity .
Other countries ' governments , it seems , have been trying to distance themselves from the problem , fearing a contagion that they know is likely to spread .
They occur when a bank 's clients fear that most of their fellow depositors will withdraw their funds .
So fear of a panic can create a panic .
Ozawa , had he become prime minister , would inevitably have been subjected to not only similar obstruction in Diet sessions but also to interrogation about his financing scandal , while fearing prosecution .
But other barriers can be overcome by reforming housing policies , reducing the cost of moving , and revising social-welfare policies in order to end fears of losing long-term benefits .
Nor does religion play a discernible role ; while Roman Catholics used to fear independence as being liable to result in Protestant hegemony , today Catholics and Protestants are roughly equal in their support of Scotland 's institutions .
My job is to ensure that the law is enforced without fear or favor , and that is what I will continue to do .
The recognition of the brain 's vulnerability and plasticity under stress began with investigations of the hippocampus , and it now includes the amygdala , a brain region involved in fear , anxiety , and mood , and the prefrontal cortex , which is important in decision making , memory , and top-down control of impulsive behavior , as well as regulation of the autonomic nervous system and stress hormone axis .
If China is to avoid falling into a Japanese-style liquidity trap , the best solution is to fix its exchange rate in a completely credible way so that there is no fear of currency appreciation .
The biggest fear of rape victims in Darfur , however , is that they will never find a husband .
Until recently , we have not done much about the black market -LRB- the 2008 Declaration of Istanbul marks the beginning of a determined struggle against this market -RRB- , but we banned altruistic directed donations by living non-relatives out of fear that they would become that legal loophole .
This fear did not last long , though .
The starting point for the EU 's unhappy bid to create a shared constitution had been fears that its decision-making mechanisms were being overloaded by the accession of so many new members , first in May 2004 and again at the beginning of this year .
And there are also those who fear that a political heavyweight in the job might eclipse the EU Commission 's President , former Portuguese prime minister José Manuel Barroso , who has just been confirmed for a second five-year term , and devalue the role of the foreign policy chief whose authority Lisbon is due to beef up .
Europe already feared that rising youth unemployment in the region would create dangerous instability along Europe 's southern flank .
But beneath the surface , the real tensions are about immigration and fears that national `` cultures '' are threatened by the influx of non-natives , both white and non-white .
Europeans will also see the dismantling of their welfare states and social security systems ; the cherished `` European model '' of pensions , healthcare , and unemployment benefits risks being replaced by the despised and widely feared `` American model . ''
Reunited Germany surrendered its beloved currency , the Deutsche Mark , to boost European integration , but also to calm French fears that Germany was poised to establish monetary hegemony over the continent .
Under Chancellor Helmut Kohl , it gave up its beloved Deutsche Mark for the sake of deepening European integration , but also to sooth French fears that Germany was poised to establish monetary hegemony over the continent .
Giving strong support to South Korea 's initiatives offers a splendid opportunity for the OECD countries to show that , though they remain proud of the disappearing post-WWII world , they do not fear the new world that is emerging .
Sun Tzu , the great Chinese philosopher of war , once wrote , `` If you know the enemy and know yourself , you need not fear the result of a hundred battles . ''
So the stakes in Burma are high for China , as are Chinese fears of about how any future `` national reconciliation '' government might react to China 's record of complicity with the corrupt military rulers .
It should be remembered that America and its allies , faced with strategic fears of a similar type during the Cold War , also supported repugnant and oppressive regimes in places like Zaire , Chile , and Indonesia .
Whatever the causes , official corruption is creating a situation in which many Afghans fear the rapaciousness of the government nearly as much as they dislike the Taliban , which can now credibly claim the ability to provide security and swift justice in the areas they control , albeit at a very high price .
But the fear that rogue scientists will take advantage of athletes -- or that athletes will seek to enroll in gene-transfer experiments in an attempt to receive some undetectable performance benefit -- is very real .
Those who fear that gene doping heralds the `` end of sports '' should instead recognize this moment as an opportunity to ask critical and difficult questions about the effectiveness and validity of anti-doping tests .
It opened Poland to Europe , but also brought a fear of foreigners and an invasion of Western mass culture .
A Poland of suspicion , fear , and revenge is fighting a Poland of hope , courage , and dialogue .
He reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion , but also with fear .
The BJP ca n't take such risks because it fears holding early elections .
Not much debate attends their enactment , because a fear of heresy keeps most critics from questioning anything deemed Islamic .
As in 2002 , the winner next year will be whomever the electorate dislikes or fears less .
Russia is literally buying its way back into the international system as a preeminent actor , one that is regaining power and clout by replacing nuclear weapons with oil and gas and substituting greed for fear .
It is not what she says but what she is , or even more so the fear of her opponent that constitute her best chance .
If America can move from a culture of fear to one of hope -- and again incarnate hope for the world -- it will require a leader who embodies the American dream : modern and armed with a humanistic religious message , in contrast to the anxious irrationalism of the Christian conservative movement that fueled Bush 's political base .
Today , the Japanese are so concerned with China that they have little time for fears about Russia .
Will the spirit of hope that brought Obama to power triumph over the winds of economic and social despair , or will fear in the West of the looming global recession spread to Asia and destabilize its giants , China and India ?
But this renewal of idealism is as much a product of hope as of fear .
Today , there is much more collective hope and much more individual fear in America in the wake of the global economic crisis .
But the reverse is true in Europe . Here one encounters less collective hope and less individual fear .
In Europe , meanwhile , there is undeniably less collective hope and probably a little less individual fear .
Nevertheless , it is far from clear that the US will find it easier to reform its health and social security system , and thus alleviate the individual fears of its citizens , than for Europe to inspire its citizens with a sense of collective hope .
The Eternal Wall PARIS -- Walls designed to keep people in or out -- whether they are in Berlin , Nicosia , Israel , or Korea -- are always the product of fear : East German leaders ' fear of a mass exodus by their citizens seeking freedom and dignity ; Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders ' fear of continued war ; Israelis ' fear of terrorism ; or the North Korean leadership 's fear of `` abandonment '' by their martyred people .
For example , if Pakistan is to dedicate all of its forces to the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban , India must convince the Pakistani Army that it need not fear a stab in the back .
Preventing Qaddafi from rebuilding the wall of fear that fell in Tunisia and Egypt is essential if the `` Arab spring '' is not to be succeeded by a new winter of discontent .
As I argued in my book The Geopolitics of Emotion -LRB- which was translated into Norwegian -RRB- , populism is the direct product of a culture of fear .
We know all too well what horrors grow from the combination of fear , hatred , and de-humanization .
The Forgotten Sick LIVERPOOL -- The developed world is familiar with the global threats of viral infections that incite fear in both rich populations and poor .
Still others blame the `` invisible hand of America , '' which is supposed to fear that Iran and Turkey could become too powerful .
The UfM could offer a model for coexistence to a world injured by dictatorship and fear of Islamic fundamentalism .
The West is often afraid that democracy will give Islamists the opening they need to gain control -- a fear that Arab regimes exploit to justify maintaining closed political systems .
Contrary to the fears of many of these neighbors in 1990 -LRB- and contrary to what many analysts claim now -RRB- , the Berlin Republic is not more nationalistic than the old West Germany .
At the least , there is the danger that the cash nexus can encourage a mindless commitment to work , and the belief that one 's worth comes only from paid labor , leading to fear of dependence on others , or to shunning vital but unpaid activity .
Some social scientists are wary of calling attention to the reality of disproportionate Jewish economic success for fear of arousing anti-Semitism , or contributing to conspiratorial theories about Jewish economic dominance .
They fear , with reason , that extending freedoms and developing individual autonomy within the family -- and so weakening patriarchal authority -- could lead to a questioning in the public arena of the ideological basis of state power .
The successors to those dictators , however , found this turn of events to be an unwanted complication in their political `` thaws '' ; more sophisticated mechanisms to induce fear among their peoples were needed , and there are few deterrents to dissident activity more potent than the threat of removal to an institution for the criminally insane .
Zimbabwe 's upcoming elections , scheduled for March 29 , offer both fear and hope to the millions trapped in or trying to escape the country 's hellish conditions .
These Albanians fear that , in the absence of the rule of law , Kosovo will become a mafia state .
Saddam 's attack on Iran allayed the fears of Arab regimes that Ayatollah Khomeini 's Iran would export its Islamic revolution .
Cambodian survivors of the Khmer Rouge recall the daily fear of criticizing that regime ; it would be especially tragic if Cambodians did not feel free to express their views of the Extraordinary Chambers .
We feared that the voting would take place without the presence of our poll watchers .
My fear is that the will of Ethiopia 's people will be stifled by government hard-liners .
In the late 1940 's and the 1950 's , the Cold War and fears that the Red Menace would sap American resolve from within led to myriad anti-subversive programs , with tens of thousands of Americans losing their livelihoods as a result .
If the US continues to do all that it can to minimize civilian casualties , it has nothing to fear from an international tribunal . The fact that errant bombs or missiles kill some civilians does not make their deaths war crimes .
Their reasons also seem to have a pragmatic ring : they do n't want to cause North Korea to collapse by being too harsh ; they fear losing influence in Burma to India or the United States ; no one is doing much about Darfur , so to jeopardize the supply of Sudanese oil by pushing the regime in Khartoum appears futile .
Although the language of religion was not used overtly , the debate in Asia reflected the same fears that science is somehow `` out of control '' and far too powerful .
But values are subject to change , often in response to past experience and fears about the future .
Research in these areas sometimes meets with vehement rejection , for example , on religious grounds with respect to stem-cell research , or owing to fear with respect to the possibility of altering human identity .
The feminist critique , for example , has totally remade elementary-level education , where female decision-makers prevail : the construction of male hierarchies in the schoolyard is often redirected nowadays for fear of `` bullying , '' with boys and girls alike expected to `` share '' and `` process '' their emotions .
Mugabe , however , immediately appointed Mnangagwa , who is much feared and often linked to allegations of corruption , as Speaker of Parliament .
It is a longstanding method of conflict frequently defined as deliberate attack on the innocent with the objective of spreading fear .
America 's recovery from unpopular policies in the past , such as the Vietnam War , took place against the backdrop of the Cold War , in which allied countries feared the Soviet Union as a greater evil .
Since the Middle East 's autocratic regimes destroyed their liberal oppositions , in many countries radical Islamists represent the only dissent , feeding on widespread resentment of corrupt regimes , opposition to American policies , and popular fears of modernization and globalization .
Each side , believing it will end up at war with the other , makes reasonable military preparations that are read by the other side as confirmation of its worst fears .
Indeed , some observers fear instability caused by a weak , rather than a rising , China .
While culture provides some soft power , domestic policies and values set limits , particularly in China , where the Communist Party fears allowing too much intellectual freedom and resists outside influences .
Moreover , there are genuine fears that rogue elements in a divided Iranian government might leak weapons technology to terrorist groups .
South Korean public opinion is split on how to handle the North , but the majority fear that a sudden collapse would have catastrophic effects on the South 's economy .
Similarly , China , with its focus on economic growth , fears that a collapse of the North Korean regime would threaten stability on its borders .
Many developing countries , in particular , remain jealous of their sovereignty and fear that the new principle could infringe it .
In turn , many Chinese fear that the United States will not accept their `` peaceful rise . ''
Americans and Chinese must avoid such exaggerated fears .
Throughout history , whenever a rising power creates fear among its neighbors and other great powers , that fear becomes a cause of conflict .
But some observers fear that the incumbent DPP President Chen Shui-bian will seek a pretext to prevent a defeat for the pro-sovereignty camp .
Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a prince to be feared than to be loved .
He may have been correct , but we sometimes forget that the opposite of love is not fear , but hatred .
There is a deeper level of concern , however , which relates to Japan 's fear of being marginalized as the US turns toward a rising China .
The greatest danger is that an escalating fear of enmity in the three countries becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy .
They combine fear with corruption to maintain kleptocracies dominated by `` the big man '' and his coterie .
Machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a prince to be feared than to be loved . Machiavelli may be correct , but we sometimes forget that the opposite of love is not fear , but hatred .
Many foreign leaders quickly switched from schadenfreude to fear -- and to the security of US treasury bills .
Indeed , Obama 's most important priority must be to show that America is back in the business of exporting hope rather than fear .
He will have to make difficult decisions while creating a larger sense of meaning in which America once again exports hope rather than fear .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration engaged in tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law that tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
In moments of extreme fear , the pendulum of attitudes swings toward the security end of that spectrum .
When some of the Bush administration 's more reasonable members are asked today how they could have taken the positions they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and the widespread fear of a second attack against the American people .
Terrorists hope to create a climate of fear and insecurity that will provoke us to harm ourselves by undercutting the quality of our own liberal democracy .
The Japanese fear that the credibility of American extended deterrence will be weakened if the US decreases its nuclear forces to parity with China .
Equally important are American actions that show the high priority that the US gives to the alliance , and its guarantees not to engage in what Japan fears will be `` Japan-passing '' in its relations with Asia .
CAMBRIDGE -- In the 1950 's , many Americans feared that the Soviet Union would surpass the United States as the world 's leading power .
In the late 1970 's , a `` Committee on the Present Danger '' argued that Soviet power was surpassing that of the US , and the 1980 American election reflected such fears .
Only two decades ago , many Americans feared being overtaken after Japanese per capita income surpassed that of the United States .
Diplomats say Kim brazenly plays on Chinese fears .
By accompanying its growing hard power with efforts to make itself more attractive , China aimed to stem its neighbors ' fears and tendency to balance Chinese power .
Most importantly , the US and China should avoid developing exaggerated fears of each other 's capacities and intentions .
Such fears appear exaggerated , particularly when one considers that Asia is not one entity . It has its own internal balance of power .
In the climate of extreme fear that followed the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration 's tortured legal interpretations of international and domestic law tarnished American democracy and diminished its soft power .
When some of the more reasonable members of the Bush administration are asked today how they could have taken the positions that they did in 2002 , they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9\/11 , the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials , and widespread public fear of a second attack .
Terrorists hope to create a climate of fear and insecurity that will provoke liberal democracies to harm themselves by undercutting their quality in terms of their own values .
Its post-2008 recovery has slowed , and some observers fear that Europe 's financial problems could tip the American and world economy into a second recession .
With the Czech Republic set to assume the presidency of the EU on January 1 , 2009 , there is a distinct fear that Klaus will use his position as Czech head of state to try to sabotage efforts to rescue the Lisbon Treaty .
Emerging economies fear that this flood of capital will drive up their currencies ' exchange rates , in addition to fueling current-account deficits and asset bubbles , which past experience has taught them is a sure recipe for future crises .
Many leading American and European telephone equipment manufacturers fear Hua Wei more than Fujitsu or NEC .
The parliamentary polls , originally scheduled for April 2 but postponed a week after the Independent National Electoral Commission -LRB- INEC -RRB- failed to print adequate ballot papers and other election materials , took place in an atmosphere of fear , violence , and uncertainty .
Many are beginning to fear that American weapons will only serve to fuel Uzbek ambitions .
Especially in the case of Chinese , fears of divided national loyalties and `` fifth columns '' have been strong .
Obama ran right into a perfect storm of the worst aspects of American democracy : red-state provincialism and ignorance , fearful conservatism , Republican Party obstructionism and even some Democratic Party dissidence .
But this has always been unlikely in the absence of a comprehensive settlement that addresses Armenians ' greatest fear -- security -- and fulfils their basic political requirement , namely a definition of Nagorno-Karabakh 's status .
Indeed , there is a growing fear that a settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute is more distant now , because Turkey 's public backing has raised Azerbaijan 's expectations , while some Armenians fear collusion between neighbors out to railroad them into an unsustainable agreement .
The two sides must step back , look at the situation dispassionately , acknowledge the deficiencies in the protocols , address the other side 's minimum requirements , and bear in mind that a single document will not heal all wounds or wipe out all fears .
Israel 's current leaders , and a segment of Israeli society , are trapped in an idiosyncratic logic of fear and self-centeredness .
As globalization intensifies and accelerates economic change , it affects the lives of ordinary citizens like never before , stoking popular fear .
But protectionism need not be the only alternative to fear of global competition .
Raising rates could alleviate those fears , increasing consumer confidence and spending .
That compelled the Fed to keep interest rates at historic lows for an extended period , and rates were raised only gradually because of fears about the recovery 's fragility .
There is , by contrast , a traditional style of leadership that almost encourages fear and insecurity , so that a savior can come along and say , `` I am the one who will solve this . ''
It takes power away from people in their own names , but gives them fear rather than confidence .
The Germans fear that such innovations would lead to a rise in domestic borrowing costs , and to direct and indirect fiscal transfers to poorer countries .
For unlike in the days of Pinochet , fear of the left has mostly vanished across the continent .
Obama may have come to understand that when you are the leader of the world 's only superpower , you need to be feared just a little if you are to be respected .
Even some in the Vatican feared this outcome .
SYDNEY -- The rescue of the 33 Chilean miners , from what was feared would be their tomb , gave the world something to cheer about . Hope has not , after all , become a redundant virtue in the twenty-first century .
The strident and damaging dogmatism of fundamentalists of every stripe has a common feature : a truculent sense of grievance , rooted in fear and resentment of modernity .
Twenty years ago , we were gripped by fear that Japan would overtake our economic leadership -- a concern that was unfounded then and , in hindsight , looks profoundly mistaken .
Such fears have also been strengthened by schizophrenic behavior , particularly French President Jacques Chirac 's chastising candidate countries for voicing support for the US regarding Iraq .
While xenophobia - provoked mostly by fears about immigration , EU enlargement , and pressures of globalization - has driven West European extremism , xenophobic radicalism in Europe 's east has different causes .
Coupled with fears of a double-dip recession in the United States , the European debt crisis is dragging the global economy into another cycle of financial panic and economic recession .
But Chinese money has been viewed with suspicion in Europe , reflecting fears that China has a hidden political agenda .
Representatives of his regime are still concerned about what they see as externally backed attempts to stage a `` velvet revolution '' in the country , but there is little fear of new challenges from within .
While Iran 's ruling elite appears to be divided over the prospect of a full-scale rapprochement with the US , they share this underlying fear of America and do not want their country to be isolated further .
This wall has been with us always , separating rusting spirits who live in nostalgia , fear the future , and believe that only the past was better , from youthful , creative , and entrepreneurial spirits who fearlessly embrace the future and believe that the best is always yet to come .
French President Jacques Chirac vehemently opposes quotas for immigrants , out of fear that such a policy would stigmatize groups .
Denial of the fear of mortality and projection of the suppressed wish to transcend nature are the marks of a masked effort to create a biomedical science at war with its own stated purposes .
The rigidly hierarchical forces of the establishment are insecure and fearful of what will happen after the king dies .
A major tipping point may have been the red-shirt leaders ' allusion to the conspicuous royal silence in response to the army 's violent suppression , which heightened the army 's fear of a clear and present danger to the monarchy .
During perestroika and the Yeltsin presidency , the legacy was a widespread hatred and fear of the Communist Party with all its force and power .
This fear extended to all political parties and all in all blocked the desire to create powerful parties .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
One factor in such decisions is fear on the part of doctors or hospitals that they will be sued by the family for letting their loved one die .
Next , no government in the region loves Saddam , but all fear popular reaction to a third Western onslaught on an Islamic state , this time with much less clear justification than over Kuwait and in Afghanistan .
One reason that greater independence for regulators in general has been unpopular with politicians is the legitimate fear that independent state agencies could turn into an uncontrolled fourth branch of government .
In the late 1990 's and the early years of this decade , the problems that incited fears of a dysfunctional state seemed to fade .
The conservative economist responds that it is precisely because the government has become so free with taxpayers ' money that households , fearful of future taxes , are hunkering down and increasing savings .
So , rather than hire in a panic at the first sign of recovery , as they did in the past , for fear that they will be unable to do so later and lose sales , firms today would rather ensure that the recovery is well established before hiring .
So , rather than hire in panic at the first sign of a recovery for fear that they will be unable to do so later and lose sales , firms would rather make sure that the recovery is well established before adding workers .
Short-duration benefits may have been appropriate when recoveries were fast and jobs plentiful , because the fear of losing benefits before finding a job may have given workers an incentive to look harder .
Even those who have jobs fear that they could lose them and be cast adrift .
But perhaps what countries really fear is not so much high prices but a total market breakdown and descent into an autarkic `` Mad Max '' world in which oil is scarce , no country is willing to allow trade in the oil it produces , and there is no world market clearing price .
Nevertheless , and understandably , many countries make decisions to locate production locally and to protect it against foreign trade , fearing market breakdown through war , trade sanctions , or simply shortsighted decisions by foreign governments to protect their own populations from price increases .
International agreement to ensure that countries do not prohibit exports , especially of critical commodities , except under severely -LRB- and verifiably -RRB- adverse domestic circumstances , would help reduce fear of market breakdown .
When people do not fear that a rapacious government will expropriate their wealth , and when an elite that owes its success to the government does not determine market rules , opportunities percolate to everyone .
Nor is our fear limited to oil .
Israel 's fear reflects the region 's unique history .
While the NPT is not entirely responsible for the absence of dozens of nuclear-armed states that many people once feared would emerge , it generated a standard of behavior that continues to guide most countries .
Is n't the power of the manipulator more insidious , and perhaps to be more greatly feared , than that of the policeman ?
The environment of fear that arises has little to do with bad government policies , although bad policy may exacerbate the situation .
And , by involving the Treasury , the purchase of risky assets could be financed by issuing debt , rather than by printing more money , thereby attenuating inflationary fears .
But , although Madoff was only the tip of the iceberg of rampant financial malfeasance , most suspect financiers need not fear arrest , either because their behavior merely skirted the law , or because financial impropriety more subtle than outright fraud is often difficult to prove .
Importers stopped importing not only the yellow bean , but also other Mexican beans , fearing lawsuits .
That issue frames the third major component of the new Plan 's pro-consumption agenda -- the need to build a social safety net in order to reduce fear-driven precautionary saving .
Little wonder that families save out of fear of the future . China 's new Plan must rectify this shortfall immediately .
Its 12th Five-Year Plan is focused on three major pro-consumption initiatives : jobs -LRB- especially labor-intensive services -RRB- ; wages -LRB- underscored by accelerated urbanization -RRB- ; and a reduction of fear-driven precautionary saving -LRB- arising out of a broadening of the social safety net -RRB- .
In this way , both the Israelis and the Palestinians share a secret fear -- for some , a belief -- that each has no intention of accepting the other 's right to a country of their own .
This anger and fear are unfortunately ably represented by many politicians .
Any economist can mouth these platitudes to his\/her hosts immediately upon arrival in a foreign land , without fear of going astray .
In such circumstances , the expectation of future profits can exert a stronger discipline on the public authority than fear of legal sanction .
Many fear that the quality of national teams is harmed by the availability of foreign players . Why invest in developing local talent if you can hire it from abroad ?
It is hard to square these fears with the view that the Doha trade round could lift tens , if not hundreds , of millions out of poverty .
More importantly , the fears underlying the bicycle theory are wildly inflated .
The fear is no longer that they will be unable to insulate themselves . It is that their economies could be dragged into much deeper crises than those that will be experienced at the epicenter of the sub-prime debacle .
The global response to the crisis may not have been stellar , but neither has it been the free-for-all that might have been feared .
It may have been fear of communism that agitated governments when Karl Marx penned the opening line of his famous manifesto in 1848 , but today it is the dread that market sentiment will turn against them and drive up the spreads on their bonds .
So widespread is wiretapping and harassment of Erdogan 's critics that some believe the country has turned into a `` republic of fear . ''
The mainstream independent media do not even report the inconsistencies for fear of provoking the government or the Gülen network .
In a nation like the US , where employees can be fired easily , shareholders have less to fear .
Investors and businesses do n't fear that a new regime can take power and call off all , or too many , bets , leading to losses on their investments .
Even if all of the rules for finance are right , few will part with their money if they fear that an unfavorable regime change might occur during the lifetime of their investment .
Many fear nuclear risks , which are vivid , slowing the industry 's development amid safety concerns .
As a result , many states feared federal assumption would mean that their taxes would go to pay northern speculators or to retire the debt of big borrowers , like Massachusetts .
It is hard today for America -LRB- and , until recently , the world -RRB- to imagine a US default , because there has been no strong reason to fear one since the 1790 's .
The European Central Bank is staying calm for the moment , but it , too , is probably holding back on interest-rate hikes partly out of fear of driving the euro , already at record levels , even higher .
Are they right to fear potentially catastrophic results from abandoning the dollar ?
With minds concentrated by fears of another 1930 's - style Great Depression , America 's political leaders developed , virtually overnight , a $ 700 billion bailout plan to resuscitate the country 's rapidly deflating financial sector .
Many emerging markets will also want to engage in countercyclical macroeconomic policy , but they are hemmed in by concerns of fiscal sustainability and fear of rampant inflation .
But a lot of this demand is driven by short-term , crisis-fueled fear .
Indeed , fear of overshooting paralyzed the Bank of Japan for a decade .
Cambridge -- You know that American self-confidence is shaken when even the President starts expressing fear that the financial crisis may turn out worse than the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
After one year , trillions of dollars in public monies , and much soul searching in the world 's policy community , have we learned the right lessons ? I fear not .
But I fear that change might cause a global economic crisis resulting from , say , an ugly unwinding of extravagant US borrowing trends .
But leaders in both countries have been reluctant to move boldly for fear of destabilizing growth .
Prices of commodities -- oil , energy , and minerals -- have soared ; corporate credit spreads -LRB- the difference between the yield of corporate and government bonds -RRB- have narrowed dramatically , as government-bond yields have increased sharply ; volatility -LRB- the `` fear gauge '' -RRB- has fallen ; and the dollar has weakened , as demand for safe dollar assets has abated .
Gold prices rise sharply only in two situations : when inflation is high and rising , gold becomes a hedge against inflation ; and when there is a risk of a near depression and investors fear for the security of their bank deposits , gold becomes a safe haven .
As concerns about deflation replaced fear of inflation , gold prices started to fall with the correction in commodity prices .
If you truly fear a global economic meltdown , you should stock up on guns , canned food , and other commodities that you can actually use in your log cabin .
First , compensation schemes must be radically altered through regulation , as banks will not do it themselves for fear of losing talented people to competitors .
Fourth , greed can not be controlled by any appeal to morality and values . Greed has to be controlled by fear of loss , which derives from knowledge that the reckless institutions and agents will not be bailed out .
The BoJ and the BoE are following suit , putting even more pressure on the eurozone , where a stubborn ECB would rather kill any chance of recovery for the PIIGS than do more QE , ostensibly owing to fears of a rise in inflation .
Inflation will soon be the last problem that central banks will fear , as renewed slack in goods , labor , real estate , and commodity markets feeds disinflationary pressures .
A generalized run on the banking system has been a source of fear for the first time in seven decades , while the shadow banking system -- broker-dealers , non-bank mortgage lenders , structured investment vehicles and conduits , hedge funds , money market funds , and private equity firms -- are at risk of a run on their short-term liabilities .
In the advanced economies , recession had brought back earlier in 2008 fears of 1970 's - style stagflation -LRB- a combination of economic stagnation and inflation -RRB- .
Indeed , this capacity is essential because we need to leave behind the Manichean disagreements , conflicts , and fears of the Cold War era .
Those who see the world through those old , fearful lenses have difficulty understanding Turkey 's rising profile and dynamism .
Thus , only strong action by Lebanese groups could destroy Hezbollah . But they wo n't act because they fear civil war and opportunistically use Hezbollah to promote their own goals or ambitions .
Is it a conservative party of good government that seeks equality for Islam in the public sphere , as its leaders usually suggest , or an Islamist wolf in moderate sheep 's clothing , as its enemies fear ?
Moreover , it might be that the party will push as far as it can until it is stopped by fear of a military coup or a rejection of its program by the voters .
Egypt 's political elite , fearful of critical media coverage , defeat in fair elections , and even imprisonment , prefer the existing regime and oppose any significant reform .
As expansion of the EU approaches , many Europeans see in it only things to be feared : masses of economic migrants , and poor countries demanding subsidies .
This fear contributed to the reluctance of countries like Denmark and Sweden to embrace greater European integration .
In both countries , majorities voted against adopting the euro because they feared that national welfare norms would become curtailed .
Today , too many Latin governments , fearful of the media 's ability to expose misdeeds , have altered their tactics but remain determined to limit press freedom .
True , fundamentalists are a minority everywhere , but they are stoking widespread fear , loathing , and dreams of salvation , provoking violence and war while weakening moderates forces .
Vice President Dick Cheney reiterated these fears in the run-up to the Iraq War , claiming that Saddam Hussein was building a massive arsenal of weapons of mass destruction to `` take control of a great portion of the world 's energy supplies . ''
But households in the least-developed countries have many children -- an average of five per woman -- partly because fear of high childhood death rates leads them to overcompensate with large families .
They say that fears of `` running out of resources , '' notably food and energy , have been with us for 200 years , and we never succumbed .
In much of the world , consumers are now cutting their spending in response to a fall in their wealth and a fear of unemployment .
Since addressing climate change is first and foremost directed at reduced emissions from coal -- the most carbon-intensive of all fuels -- America 's coal states are especially fearful about the economic implications of any controls -LRB- though the oil and automobile industries are not far behind -RRB- .
India , long feared to be a spoiler , has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy .
They fear , rightly , that sooner or later everyone else will begin demanding that the budget deficit be closed in part by raising taxes on the rich .
Thus , when Gamal Abdel Nasser launched a call for Arab unity in the 1950 's , the US and Europe viewed him as a threat . The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East .
Still , rich country drug purchasers , however , should not fear the worst : there is no reason to believe that the drug prices they pay would rise just because drug companies agree to lower prices in poor countries .
Since Argentina has been in crisis so often , investors always fear the worst and withdraw funds at the first hint of trouble , provoking an even deeper crisis .
His corrupt cronies and military officials who benefitted during his lawless regime stand by him - not only to preserve their own corrupt incomes , but also out of fear of the retribution that might follow their fall from power .
Yet neighbors are also the most fearful of challenging one of their own .
As investors fled the country because of fear of devaluation -LRB- in a period in which the Argentine Government was promising never to devalue the peso , fixed at one-to-one with the US dollar -RRB- , interest rates rose and bank deposits fell .
I favored the approach of `` dollarization '' , or replacing the Peso by the US dollar and thereby ending the fear of a future change of the exchange rate .
In extreme cases , bank depositors fear for the safety of their deposits , and flee from the banks .
Many Turks fear that their country 's exclusion from the EU has nothing to do with specific policies or institutions , but rather with Europe 's permanent hostility to Islamic societies .
A good window on postwar US policy in Iraq can be found in key documents written by and for the Bush Administration before September 11 , when the analysis of the Middle East was much less infected by today 's fears .
Yet now he has fled Bolivia in fear for his life .
Hatred and violence against `` others '' seem to be manifested most powerfully as the result of fear : they are survival reactions .
Similarly , Israelis and Palestinians have both engaged in barbaric acts in a tragic interplay of mutual fear that empowers extremists in both communities .
America itself will be safer , in part because it will be less likely in the future to unleash a spiral of violence fueled by its own irrational fears and misunderstandings of the world .
When the former government lost the vote this past May , and Singh 's government came into office , there were fears that Singh would be hamstrung by left-wing coalition partners , who would demand that market reforms be dismantled as the price of their participation in the new ruling coalition .
Chidambaram 's 2004\/2005 budget puts those fears to rest . The document is a brilliant lesson in development economics : it shows how to combine a full-speed ahead approach to market reforms with urgently needed attention to poverty .
As historian David Fromkin shows in his recent book Europe 's Last Summer , von Moltke feared that Russia was gaining too much industrial strength , and that in a few years Russia could withstand a war with Germany .
Imperial Germany was not threatened by Russian industrial dominance in the way von Moltke feared , and its military calculations also failed .
They also had exaggerated fears about American weaknesses , just as von Moltke had exaggerated fears about German weaknesses vis-à-vis Russia .
A Pakistani intellectual once confessed to me , `` I fear the weak electoral showings of Islamists in Pakistan has more to do with the fact that a compelling , charismatic Islamist leader -- a Pakistani Hassan Nasrallah -- has yet to emerge , not that his message would n't resonate . ''
They justifiably fear that any savings from relief may well be misused , just as other public resources have been .
In Lebanon 's post-war parliament , seats are widely distributed among the various confessional communities , so that none feels excluded or fears losing political representation if it loses numerical superiority .
In the executive branch , the council of ministers is balanced among Christians and Muslims in order to encourage , indeed force , cooperation and to avoid the risk of domination the fear of oppression by one group .
Hezbollah and its main backer , Iran , were motivated by two concerns : fear of the next Israeli attack , which Hezbollah believes is inevitable , and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that , if successful , could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran . Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war ; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut .
The fear that the pro-Syrian and pro-Iranian March 8 alliance might secure a victory was palpable prior to the vote .
It is also good news for the Obama administration , which had feared a regional setback soon after Obama 's historic address in Cairo on June 4 .
The most immediate question concerns the possibility of another Israel-Hezbollah war , fears of which have mounted throughout this year , fueled by reports of new missile transfers to Hezbollah and intermittent threats from Israel .
Down the ages , the appearance of those with the disease , and the absence of a known cure , contributed to the fear that it caused -- and thus to the stigmatization of its sufferers .
Transmission is believed to be airborne , through close and frequent contact with an infected , untreated person . But leprosy is very hard to develop ; most people have a built-in immunity to it and have nothing to fear .
But what is not acceptable is the way that people with leprosy , those cured of it , and even their family members continue to be discriminated against on the basis of fears , myths , and outdated notions about a disease that is today completely curable .
It is not clear yet whether the nationalist youth rebellion has been suppressed , and whether Muscovites will be able to use the subway without fear during Russia 's New Year and Orthodox Christmas holidays .
Our political approach embraces this humane and realistic pragmatism , for it is only such an approach that offers a chance to secure a prosperous stability within which necessary change can be made without ending up in an extremist euphoria or a fear of the future .
If it is to be achieved , US officials must restrain themselves from exacerbating old fears by viewing China as a threat .
Nevertheless , because both Hu and Bush fear the economic effects of reducing their country 's carbon emissions , each has hidden behind the non-participation of the other to justify absence from international efforts and failure to assume a global leadership role .
China 's leaders fear that if they begin to pronounce on the domestic record of other nations , much less join in sanctions or United Nations peacekeeping missions , they will help establish a precedent that would allow others to intrude on domestic Chinese affairs .
I fear that China 's leaders and people will continue to feel a certain gnawing , inchoate sense of deficiency and incompleteness in their quest for global respect until they find the strength to begin addressing the crucial , but elusive , issue of making China an ethical , as well as an economic and military , power .
Such secretiveness -- rooted in fear of humiliation -- has been the Chinese Communist Party 's traditional response to bad news .
In the past , China shied away from most multilateral problem solving , fearing that it might set a precedent for other countries to intervene in internal Chinese affairs .
But China 's performance could become symbolic of a more significant long-term breakthrough -- the moment when the country put its fear of the outside world aside and began to emerge as a more pro-active agent of multilateral cooperation .
These fears are compounded by the fact that China 's Leninist one-party government , now almost completely dependent on its `` economic miracle '' for legitimacy , has shown few signs of implementing political reforms to complement economic reform .
But if Dr. Jiang became a hero in the process , he was also marked as insubordinate , the kind of potentially uncontrollable person that the Chinese Communist Party fears .
Indeed , the Party 's worst fears were realized this past March just before the 15th anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre .
Without deference to or fear of the Party , Dr. Jiang castigated China 's leaders for the way that they `` mobilized all sorts of propaganda to fabricate lies and used high-handed measures to silence the people across the country . ''
Sadly , Russia 's leaders have tolerated , if not encouraged , fear of foreigners and assaults on those whose appearance differs from the average Russian .
So no one in Europe needs to fear that the Czech Republic has some nostalgic or idiosyncratic agenda that it wants to impose on the Union .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The Obama administration 's decision to withdraw the bulk of United Sates troops from Iraq over the next 19 months has sparked fears that Iraq will once again plunge into the wide-scale and debilitating violence that it endured from 2004 to 2007 .
This was a major change from the 2003-2005 period , when Iraq 's Sunni neighbors , fearing the country 's new Shiite elite , actively opposed the US occupation .
In fact , many observers believe that Hong Kong 's real rate of joblessness is much higher , and fear that the trend is not encouraging .
The feared implosion of Wall Street seems to have been avoided .
Meanwhile , Wall Street chieftains and their boards of directors have nothing to fear from government .
Moreover , they also feared that Khodorkovsky was preparing to enter politics .
Putin feared that the return of oligarchic political influence would bring back the chaos of Yeltsin 's rule .
They fear for their own jobs and for their children 's future in a world where they must compete alongside the world 's poorest .
Those fears are testing political leaders in the world 's richest countries .
Increased fear of competition from emerging countries is also a natural consequence of the collapse of the speculative bubble in equities in 2000 ; stock markets in some countries fell to less than half their peak value .
I asked this question of recent homebuyers on the theory that fear of job loss might help explain the remarkable boom in home prices in the US -LRB- as well as many other advanced countries -RRB- .
After all , people who fear losing their jobs may seek greater economic security by investing in real property in their own wealthy country , bidding up prices in the process .
Although 81 % of the respondents said fear of job loss had no effect on their decision to buy a house , of those who said it did , the number who said it encouraged home purchase outnumbered those who said it discouraged home purchase by a margin of two to one .
Growing fear of foreign competition ought to explain a lot of things in the future .
This sudden fear of emerging countries presents a major dilemma .
The fear is real and visceral , and politicians ignore it at their peril .
After 1979 , fears about limits to growth and nuclear power ebbed .
Indeed , in many countries , exaggerated fears of deflation are keeping interest rates depressed and the cost of capital at historic lows .
Until that time , central banks , fearing recession , were gradually losing their grip on inflation .
This is what Masuru Hayami , the former governor of the Bank of Japan , feared when he resisted calls for more monetary stimulus .
But fear of deflation is so widespread nowadays that if inflation overshoots the target , central banks will merely try to stop further inflation , rather than try to bring the consumer price level back down which would mean deflation .
Then any inflationary monetary policy errors driven by exaggerated fears of deflation will be allowed to stand , and the cumulative inflation will offset any returns on investments in long-term bonds .
Today 's fears about deflation may represent a historic turning point , much as when the public mood turned decisively against inflation around 1980 .
But governments , fearing the expense of wage insurance if a lot of people exploit it , have not been willing to implement it on a large scale .
This mixture of optimism and fear applies to everyone , Mexican businesses and Mexican families alike .
Moreover , the fear that one must get in on the boom before it is too late often drives people to bid up home prices faster now .
The psychology has suddenly changed , creating widespread fear of sharp drops in US home prices .
I fear for the future .
Are such fears justified ?
When this happens , many people buy homes to rent out as investment properties , and many more who are buying homes to live in also behave like investors , fearing that if they wait , they will be priced out of the market .
Bank runs occur when people , worried that their deposits will not be honored , hastily withdraw their money , thereby creating the very bankruptcy that they feared .
Like traditional myths , such graphic , shared images embody fears that are deeply entrenched in our psyche .
This was the time of the `` great population scare , '' which transformed thinking worldwide , no doubt contributing to higher commodity prices while the fear lasted .
But the proposal from the IMF is an important step , because it deals with the essential problem that we are confronting right now : fears about the future of the economy become a self-fulfilling prophesy .
Many people appear to believe that upswings in home prices reflect increasing scarcity of land in a world constrained by rapid economic growth and severe resource constraints -LRB- symbolized by the fear of global warming -RRB- .
Something started to cause investors to fear that Greek debt had a slightly higher risk of eventual default .
The fundamental problem that much of the world faces today is that investors are overreacting to debt-to-GDP ratios , fearful of some magic threshold , and demanding fiscal-austerity programs too soon .
And loss of confidence , by discouraging consumption and investment , can be a self-fulfilling prophecy , causing the economic weakness that is feared .
The Consumer Sentiment Survey of Americans , created by George Katona at the University of Michigan in the early 1950 's , and known today as the Thomson-Reuters University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers , has included a remarkable question about the reasonably long-term future , five years hence , and asks about visceral fears concerning that period :
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
The best evidence for continuing confidence in the integrity of US securities markets comes from foreign investors , who would be among the first to flee if they feared rampant corporate fraud and inadequate regulation .
The link between intellectual recognition of risks and the impetus to act against them is mediated by fear : we have been programmed over millions of years of evolution to take decisive action against immediate and obvious threats .
If a menacing wild animal approaches , we feel fear and anxiety .
It was fear of extremism , as well as a more general increase violence , that led to the rise of the Kadyrov clan in 2004 , when the Kremlin decided to engage in a `` Chechenization '' of the conflict .
Our successful democratic experiment is being ignored in part because of a hoary ruling a half-century ago by the Organization of African Unity , the precursor to today 's African Union . Back then , with the recent demise of the colonial empires stoking fears of tribal rivalries and countless civil wars , the OAU ruled that the frontiers drawn up by the imperial powers should be respected in perpetuity .
We should not be deterred from doing right now by the fear that we may later be persuaded that we should do right again .
Smiling , she adds , encourages people to feel more connected with each other and safer , so it reduces fear of crime -- an important element in the quality of life of many neighborhoods .
If we can cultivate a wider tolerance of human diversity , politicians , business leaders , and administrators would be less fearful of `` exposure , '' because they would realize that they have done nothing that they must hide .
Many feared mass unemployment , a tidal wave of bankruptcies , millions of families evicted from their homes , the social safety net strained to the breaking point , and perhaps even riots and a resurgence of the political extremism that brought Hitler to power in Germany during the depression of the 1930 's .
Perhaps , but ca n't children be encouraged to do things because they are intrinsically worthwhile , rather than because of fear of parental disapproval ?
Egypt , in the great Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore 's memorable words , is the land `` where the head is -LRB- now -RRB- held high and the mind is -LRB- now -RRB- without fear ... '' The consequences will be vast .
These are big numbers , but there is little or no reason for fear-not if today 's EU members prepare .
Former US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan may be right when he says : `` This crisis is different -- a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions . ''
Many now fear that these huge infusions of cash will make inflation inevitable .
In Germany , which suffered from hyper-inflation in 1923 , there is widespread fear that people will again lose their savings and need to start from scratch .
But these fears are not well founded .
The other euro-zone countries , however , will not let Greece go under , because they fear a domino effect similar to the one triggered among banks by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
Indeed , some countries insisted on the no-bailout clause as a condition of their participation in the euro , fearing that Europe 's debtor countries could , by majority voting , expropriate the thriftier countries , thereby generating moral-hazard effect that would undermine the stability of the EU .
Nevertheless , Indonesians would be mistaken in thinking that they have nothing to fear .
Moreover , while the fear of being hauled off to The Hague may have some effect in deterring rulers from committing crimes against humanity , the claim that the Bashir warrant will deter the current crop of human rights ' violators is derisory .
Robert Mugabe , for example , refuses to leave office -- at great cost to Zimbabwe 's people -- for fear of being put on trial .
This , it is feared , might slow recovery .
Systems in which people are trusted to behave well are more likely to produce good behavior than systems in which they are compelled to do so by regulation or fear of legal sanctions .
For emerging market countries , where the surge in capital inflows has led to fears of inflation and asset price bubbles , a pragmatic approach using a combination of macroeconomic and prudential financial policies is available . ''
But fears of government default in rich countries could threaten the recovery by causing interest rates to rise and exchange rates to fall .
The truth is that it is not fear of government bankruptcy , but governments ' determination to balance the books , that is reducing business confidence by lowering expectations of employment , incomes , and orders .
Let us assume , though , that the ECB is right and that fears of `` unsound finance '' are holding back economic recovery .
The question still needs to be asked : are such fears rational ?
This matters chiefly to Russians , but , because Russia straddles the vast Eurasian land mass , lack of clarity about its future imposes a permanent fearfulness on the rest of us .
`` The practice of calmness , of immobility , of certainty and security , suddenly breaks down , '' Keynes wrote . `` New fears and hopes will , without warning , take charge of human conduct . ''
The Roundtable also provided the Communists with a sense of safety that diminished their fear of democratic change .
The terrible French peacekeeping experience in Bosnia in the early 1990s , in which France lost 84 soldiers serving in a humanitarian capacity under restrictive ROEs , justifies their fears .
There are fears on both sides .
But these fears and the atmosphere of suspicion must be overcome . Mutual trust must be reinforced .
Now that the war in Afghanistan may wind down soon , there is a fear that President Megawati Sukarnoputri will do little to change her do-nothing ways .
Moreover , many Socialists fear that excessive public spending may trigger inflation , and that their core constituencies will become its first victims .
The lesson from Greece , however , is that what European Socialists should fear most is the far left 's taste and talent for disruption .
This should have eased fears about Brazil 's future . So far , it has n't .
They have made Americans fearful and found a willing co-conspirator in the Bush administration .
For reasons of its own , the Bush administration has found it advantageous to nurture the fear that September 11 engendered .
But fear is a bad counselor .
By succumbing to fear Americans are doing the terrorists ' bidding : unleashing a vicious cycle of violence that may result in a permanent state of war .
Bush convinced people that he is good for American security by playing on the fears generated by the 9\/11 attacks .
Most Democratic politicians , too , subscribe to it for fear of being branded as weak on defense .
One source , according to Bergson , is tribal and leads to a closed society whose members feel affinity for each other but fear or hostility towards others .
But if there is a `` double dip '' recession , Americans will become susceptible to all kinds of fear mongering and populist demagogy .
One is that the bondholders of insolvent banks are being protected at the expense of taxpayers for fear of provoking a financial crisis .
Having resolved the euro crisis , she would have less to fear from the next election .
A state can threaten death , but , as many totalitarian regimes have learned , no one is stronger - and possibly more dangerous - than those who have overcome the fear of death .
Death is suppressed socially , but the effect is that individuals ' fear of death grows ever greater .
Uncertainty bred fear , causing banks , businesses , and households to hoard cash .
Getting the balance correct is complicated by the fact that the right fears the left will use fiscal stimulus as a path to permanently larger government , a path that the right -LRB- and apparently the general public -RRB- is unwilling to follow .
Doing this would not only reduce the unequal burden now being carried by the unemployed ; it would also help to sustain consumption , and perhaps reduce some precautionary savings among those who fear losing their jobs in the future .
But there is also concern about the previous occasional anti-Russian statements of this new generation of leaders , and fear that President Saakashvili might launch a military campaign to bring the breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia back under Tbilisi 's rule .
The European Central Bank was critical of that decision , whose dramatic consequences have exceeded our greatest fears .
Another problem was the bar code system designed to prevent duplicate voting . Some qualified voters did n't get their bar codes ; others feared that employers might use them to learn how they voted .
In the West , concerns about the impact on Chinese growth triggered a fearful sell-off in the markets .
He gave astounding orders to soldiers departing to suppress the Boxer Rebellion in China : they should awaken fear as had the Huns of yore .
But by August , Allied forces broke through German lines , and a stunned Ludendorff , fearing a sudden collapse of his army , demanded that the newly constituted civilian government send an immediate request for an armistice .
Moreover , most analysts agree that at least part of the rationale behind Russia 's invasion of Georgia , reigniting fears of a new Cold War , was its confidence that , with America 's armed forces pre-occupied with two failing wars -LRB- and badly depleted because of a policy of not replacing military resources as fast as they are used up -RRB- , there was little America could do in response .
For all the fanfare surrounding financial innovation , this crisis is remarkably similar to past financial crises , except that the complexity of new financial products reduced transparency , aggravating fear about what might happen should there not be a massive public bailout .
Increased resolution authority will help , but only a little : in the last crisis , US government `` blinked , '' failed to use the powers that it had , and needlessly bailed out shareholders and bondholders -- all because it feared that doing otherwise would lead to economic trauma .
The ECB argued that taxpayers should pick up the entire tab for Greece 's bad sovereign debt , for fear that any private-sector involvement -LRB- PSI -RRB- would trigger a `` credit event , '' which would force large payouts on credit-default swaps -LRB- CDSs -RRB- , possibly fueling further financial turmoil .
But , if that is a real fear for the ECB -- if it is not merely acting on behalf of private lenders -- surely it should have demanded that the banks have more capital .
But what primarily kept Argentines wedded to a system that could not work was fear of hyperinflation .
The feared hyperinflation , so far , has not materialized .
Instead , many fear that what has happened in the past will happen again : secret negotiations , arm twisting , and the display of brute economic power by the US and Europe -- and by special interests in the advanced countries -- aimed at ensuring that the interests of the rich are protected .
Many also fear that the West will find some way to wiggle out of its commitments .
Failure at Cancun would confirm the fears of those who resisted a new round of trade negotiations .
Until now , the main worry for most experts on globalization has been excessive government intervention in the economy . The Commission fears just the opposite .
Global warming is one of those rare instances where the scientific community is more fearful of what may be happening than the population at large .
With fear gripping consumers , companies , and countries worldwide , talk has turned from a moderate advanced-country recession to a major world depression .
In the advanced countries , the fall in asset values and , more generally , fear of what comes next has shattered consumer and business confidence .
The dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic , but these dynamics can be broken .
Turkey , more fearful of the regional repercussions of a nuclear Iran than of any direct threat it would pose , went as far as to host a visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad last August .
He thought of deserting , but stayed for fear of being caught and shot .
There are also growing fears that climate change will more adversely threaten the lives of the poor .
That has not stopped pundits and the media from exaggerating such fears , distracting from greater efforts to overcome protracted stagnation for much of the developed world , which will inevitably drag down economic recovery elsewhere , especially in developing countries .
LONDON -- Europe 's reaction to the historic revolutions in North Africa has vacillated between exhilaration and fear .
But the mainstream reaction has been much more fearful : media and politicians throughout the European Union are obsessing about the threat of waves of migrants reaching their borders .
The best way to allay European fears and prevent uncontrolled migration is to establish positive incentives , and the practical means , for potential migrants to stay home -- most significantly by creating jobs in the southern Mediterranean .
According to opinion polls collected in many countries by the World Value Surveys in 1999-2000 , the French on average fear income inequality much more than citizens of other industrial countries .
Indeed , some economists fear that a fiscal crisis could erupt even after a tax hike is passed .
On the downside , confidence among consumers and investors alike has taken a hit , mainly owing to fears about radiation leakages and power shortages .
But Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , perhaps fearing the infamous `` resource curse '' that has blighted the development of so many countries blessed with mineral wealth , is determined that the new oil wealth not be turned into `` nonsense . ''
But Japan urgently needs such a debate if it is to respond to a world exposed to the threat of terrorism and gripped by fear .
But Japan 's government also must stop prevaricating with the Japanese people : it should welcome and encourage debate about Japan 's defense posture , without fearing that the US-Japan friendship is so fragile that it will be destroyed .
Romania fears the fallout from Kosovo 's unilaterally gaining independence on neighboring Moldova .
It fears that Russia will encourage separatist tendencies in Crimea , where the ethnic Russian population forms a majority . -LRB- Crimea was ceded to Ukraine by Nikita Khrushchev only in 1954 -RRB- .
Reviving Muslim Democracy DAKKA -- As fears about the Islamization of politics in the Muslim world grow , Bangladesh , with the world 's fourth-largest Muslim population -LRB- 126 million -RRB- , has moved dramatically in the opposite direction .
There are also understandable fears that diverging from the official line would trigger a flood of compensation claims , as occurred against Germany .
But this stability fuels fears that Somaliland 's people will activate the declaration of independence they adopted in 1991 .
Yet Ethiopia may hesitate , owing to its fears that formally recognizing Somaliland 's independence could undermine Somalia 's fragile Western-backed Transitional Federal Government .
And the SPLM fears that Bashir would use a vote in favor of independence in the south as justification to resume all-out war .
Hindus , Ahmadiyyas , and tribal people in the Chittagong hills , fearful for their safety , have been leaving the country in droves .
But now many Bangladeshis fears for their livelihoods , owing to unlimited Chinese textile imports following the end of quotas last year .
Faced with a country whose leader is bent on acquiring nuclear weapons , the EU 's leaders are simply dithering , fearing that the fire next door in Iraq could somehow spread .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters -- `` red shirts '' who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra .
The global economic crisis and new fears of US protectionism have motivated India to rethink its attitude toward the Doha Development Round .
It is striking that even amid all the doom and gloom assailing world markets , there is no fear of a recession in India .
A decision to de-regulate petrol and diesel prices has sparked massive street protests and stoked fears of rampant inflation .
His sermons fill football stadiums and he has won a Nobel Prize , but political leaders around the world shirk from meeting him openly , for fear of offending China .
This is the understandable fear of countries such as Germany and the Netherlands .
And , while various creditor countries rightly fear that eurobonds would push up their borrowing costs and constitute a transfer union , opponents might eventually come around to seeing eurobonds as the least bad option .
It is precisely to prevent the development of a collective security fear that we need to alter the equilibrium between security and freedom .
A referendum on autonomy which was approved in May in Bolivia 's eastern province of Santa Cruz has generated fear about the region 's eventual secession .
Unsurprisingly , it has served only to generate fear and mounting anti-Americanism , accelerating a Brazilian proposal to create a South American Defense Board without US participation .
For most of the nineteenth century and well into the Cold War era , re-election of a sitting president was generally prohibited in the great majority of Latin American countries , owing to a general fear of leaders remaining permanently in power , abetted by the prevalence of electoral fraud .
He trusts his instincts and likes imaginative public policies , though this worries those who fear another messianic leader at the head of the government .
Indeed , while `` silver bullets '' that can cure our most feared diseases have not been found , progress in the area of gene-drug interactions , known as pharmacogenomics , has been extraordinary .
While my wheat stalks are sprouting on schedule , I now fear that at harvest time -- in November -- prices will fall and I wo n't recoup my costs .
Until recently , China feared that Russia 's withdrawal from the region would create a vacuum that the US would fill .
This revival of the past was a big worry for West Europeans and Americans , who feared the re-emergence of historical enmities and tensions , which did indeed come to the fore in the former Yugoslavia .
These fears underpinned the dual enlargement of NATO and the European Union .
We may have moments of fear in the days ahead , but we must never let despair overwhelm us .
That is the question confronting Russians today , and we fear that their fate will be the latter : if oil prices remain at $ 70-80 per barrel , Russia is likely to relive key features of the Brezhnev era of the 1970 's and 1980 's -- with a stagnating economy and 70-80 % approval ratings for its political leaders .
Medvedev made a simple and convincing argument : those who fear transparency are those who have something to hide .
Such thinking reflects an age-old fear : as Plato put it , citizens would get '' information without proper instruction and , in consequence , be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant . '' It is a fear that has echoed down through history ever since , from the Catholic Church cursing Gutenberg 's movable type to the Victorian bourgeois complaining of the newly discovered freedom of the press .
The third falsehood is the fear of instability and social unrest that will supposedly break out if President Kuchma and his cronies lose the upcoming election .
There is a growing fear in Moscow that the US administration is now looking at Russian companies with similar ties to Iran and its nuclear ambitions .
The third moment came after the Berlin Wall fell , and it was feared that an enlarged Germany might destabilize Europe .
It will also incite fears of chaos in our neighbors .
I remember the abject fear I felt for my young daughter .
But any attempt to prolong Kuchma 's rule will create such a political mess that it is not absurd to fear that Ukraine could follow Belarus and the Balkans of the early 1990 's into outright dictatorship and chaos .
With EU expansion coming next spring , all Ukrainians fear that a new wall will cut their country off from the Union 's easternmost border in Poland .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody -- not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraine 's parliament -- knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy .
But they fear the deployment of a missile-defense system exclusively targeting Turkey 's neighbors .
In the Scramble scenario , nations rush to secure energy resources for themselves , fearing that energy security is a zero-sum game , with clear winners and losers .
It is still too soon , however , to conclude that Europeans have finally overcome their fear of Arab democracy and will not be tempted to accept milder forms of `` liberal authoritarianism '' should the crisis drag on or a military takeover occur .
But countries like Argentina and Brazil fear Chinese retaliation aimed at their commodity exports .
But I fear that it wo n't work .
Now the World Food Program fears that another famine is looming -- the country 's agricultural output will likely fall to 1.8 million tons of grain , far short of the 4.8 million tons needed to supply the meager ration of 7ounces a day -LRB- half the daily allowance for those in UN refugee camps -RRB- ordinary North Koreans receive .
Why , then , do China 's rulers continue to backslide into doubt and fear , and why do they seek to avoid having China labeled a superpower ?
The truest pluralism is embodied by states that can , on the one hand , effectively guarantee both religious freedom and freedom from religion , yet acknowledge without fear-even in their constitutions-the living faith of many of their citizens .
We need only recall the chaotic atmosphere during the recent United Nations climate conference in Copenhagen to fear the kind of disordered and disappointing result that can arise from the desire of everyone to be in the room and to be applauded everywhere at once -- and to have every means of doing so .
As Afghan President Hamid Karzai is said by his critics to be on the verge of casting his lot with Pakistan and the Taliban , the Pentagon has signaled its fear that the war may spread beyond the Pashtun heartland to the largely Tajik and Uzbek areas in the north of the country .
The refugees were Uzbeks , and Karimov had good reason to fear the possibility of a much bigger crisis within Uzbekistan , which is also home to many Tajiks , Kyrgyz , and of course millions of Uzbeks who might have been inflamed by the persecution of their ethnic kin in Kyrgyzstan .
Many Americans -- think of the Tea Party 's adherents , for example -- fear that something similar is happening to their own country .
Medvedev recently warned that Russia 's `` military-industrial complex is starting to be affected by credit problems , '' stoking fears of a return to the paralyzing payment crises that plagued the defense sector during the 1990 's .
Medvedev seems less fearful of NATO than his semi-paranoid predecessor , but Putin has in the past shown surprising flexibility on some strategic issues .
At the very moment when today 's candidate countries strive for EU membership , EU enlargement is feared by those states that are unlikely to join the Union for the foreseeable future .
Key opposition figures such as former Minister of the Interior Yuri Zakharenko and Victor Gonchar began to disappear and are feared dead . Indeed , leaked governmental information implicates several high-ranking representatives of the Lukashenko regime in these disappearances .
The globalization of higher education should be embraced , not feared -- including in the US .
Those who work in the field know that once sex abusers control a powerless victim , they will invariably push the boundaries with ever more extreme behavior . Abusers start by undressing their victims , but once that line has been breached , you are likely to hear from the victim about oral and anal penetration , greater and greater pain and fear being inflicted , and more and more carelessness about exposing the crimes as the perpetrator 's inhibitions fall away .
The New York producer overseeing the project , a single mother , was reluctant initially to visit Ramallah -- so the Palestinian team 's inability to produce their segments on time was , like so many aspects of the Palestinian experience , hidden behind a barrier of fear , not fully witnessed , and thus not fully comprehended .
Maintaining these profits requires a population conditioned by this theater of fear to submit to anything -- even the sexual quasi-abuse of themselves and their children .
Historically , there tends to be the same set of themes : fearsome , uncontrolled transformative change led by educated , urbanized cosmopolitans .
Many in the military or the intelligence services now fear criminal liability for actions they took at the behest of those at the top of the chain of command .
With the Fed 's operating target now only 1.25 % and signs of recovery in the US fragile , many now fear that the US is poised to confront a similar situation .
The recent cut in the ECB 's policy rate amid warnings of possible deflation in Germany lead some to fear that the euro zone may be equally at risk .
In practice , and especially when deflationary fears are already present , managing private_sector expectations demands considerable subtlety .
Some , of course , may fear a loss of democratic accountability .
Unable to reform their labor markets because of the fear of street protests , French governments of all political stripes seek to protect their ailing firms , only to face limits imposed by the rules of the Common Market .
They fear the future , because the future means either market-oriented reforms or further economic and political downgrading , both of which are seen as unacceptable , if only because they clash with French self-esteem .
In large countries , the fear of being on the losing side is not outweighed by people 's appreciation that the country as a whole will do better .
The 1995 strike became an icon of `` social legitimacy , '' instilling fear in all succeeding governments .
The risk is that those countries that suffer from the switch retaliate and depreciate their own currencies . That could easily trigger a return to the much-feared competitive depreciations that contributed to the Great Depression .
Thus , it merely feeds young Muslims ' fears that they are being singled out for persecution .
Indeed , Israel now sees its security as relying not so much on a US guarantee , but on Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and Turkey -LRB- which is seeking regional influence in fear of rejection by the European Union -RRB- restraining Iran and its paid proxies .
These Sunni leaders live in abject fear of the geopolitical earthquake that any disintegration of political authority in Baghdad would bring , believing that all-out civil war would invariably follow -- a war that would not respect international borders .
But he is deeply mistrusted by other Shi'a leaders , who fear that they may one day have to take him on by themselves .
Until the beginning of this year , they have not formed significant or open opposition movements , owing to a historically well-entrenched fear of repression .
This fear is real .
Up to now , GCC leaders have spurned Yemen 's membership for the same reasons that the European Union fears admitting Turkey : Yemen would instantly become the bloc 's most populous country .
Its concern for Saleh 's political survival is closely linked to its guardianship of the Saudi regime , which fears that ferment in Yemen could give Saudi Arabia 's own Shia , Zaidi , and Ismaili populations dangerous ideas about democratic reform , if not threaten the very existence of the Saudi state .
Indeed , the only people to introduce religion into the protests have been rulers , such as those in Bahrain , Yemen , Libya , and Syria , who have tried to use fear of the Shia or Sunni `` other '' to continue to divide and misrule their societies .
Although the US and the Gulf monarchies share a fear of Iran , much else about Iraq and the region is now in dispute .
Saudi Arabia 's fears about Iraq are driven by security concerns .
Saudi Arabia , fearing that any role for Iraq in determining regional security would diminish Saudi political and military dominance among the Gulf countries , has still not opened an embassy in Baghdad .
But that is entirely because the Saudis have behaved since 2003 as if they feared Iraq 's Shia -- and their own -- much more than they do the Iranian regime .
Muslim leaders everywhere worried that they would be stigmatized , perhaps nowhere more so than in Saudi Arabia , whose regime feared that its decades of friendship with the US might end .
But those fears were misplaced , because the Bush administration was determined to minimize the Saudi role in the 9\/11 atrocity .
This rude interruption to their majesties ' indolence by their subjects incited rage and fury and something else -- fear .
As when Marshal Tito was dying in a divided Yugoslavia , the King 's royal relations -LRB- who are also his political underlings -RRB- fear that the ruler 's death will unleash chaos .
This fear comes at a time when the wider Middle East is abuzz with talk of democratic change .
Rather , it is a by-product of its own acute fears of regime collapse .
But all who had feared a `` great Israeli offensive '' in Gaza should make every effort to strengthen the truce and create a climate for relaxing tensions that could , with time , lead to a peace agreement with the Palestinian Authority .
A debt buyback is something of a Catch 22 : to succeed in inducing a haircut , it needs to profit from the default fears that it intends to alleviate .
Indeed , the North Korean threat nowadays derives more from the regime 's internal weaknesses than from its aggressive external posture -- the latter being the authorities ' fearful response to the former .
No election , they fear , would endanger their soldiers .
The government was too generous in helping revive real-estate demand , and , overwhelmed by fear of the negative impact of falling asset prices on economic growth , has been too cautious in dealing with bubbles when they have reappeared .
As the stronger and more experienced party , the US can help to allay China 's fears about the safety of its national savings .
This large , steady fall in the country 's trade surplus makes the Chinese government hesitant to allow the RMB to appreciate significantly , for fear of the lagged impact on the trade balance .
Yet , while Zuma 's populist appeal reflects South Africa 's especially large differences in economic class , the threat of imposing higher taxes and other obligations on employers and the wealthy has raised fears at home and internationally .
Focusing squarely on structural reforms would allay some of the fears that China 's rise has inspired in the rest of the world , while winning praise from the international business community .
China 's fears could be addressed by greater international collaboration , but China must be willing to cooperate as well , and , as we have seen again in recent days , it is unlikely to be forced out of its indecisiveness .
What makes this possibility the financial nightmare of choice , worse than the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , is the fear that many sovereign states have already shot all their bullets and would thus be powerless to intervene .
The fear was that powerful banks would exploit national government help , asking for intervention too soon .
My fear is that politicians want to be perceived as tough on bankers , but have no interest in really fixing the problem .
