This , Egypt fears , would give a boost to its own Islamic radicals , against which the government has long fought .
So Japan now opposes negotiating a second ITA , which it fears will further weaken political support for broad trade liberalization .
TB and HIV : A Combination Made in Hell We have interviewed many people living with TB in Tanzania and Nigeria , and Fatima 's fears and concerns are not unique .
The Iranian government fears that electricity shortages , slow economic growth , and high unemployment will turn the populace against it .
Last summer 's re-election of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's AKP , followed by the election of Abdullah Gul as the first president whose wife wears a headscarf , seemed to confirm the fears of anti-Islamic Europeans .
Foreign governments are voicing their fears .
Perhaps to assuage political fears - and considerations of international law - any plebiscite in the Kurdish region should , initially , have only a consultative status .
Afghans ' fears and concerns are focused on what legacy will be left behind , and whether the Afghan state can provide security , justice , and good governance , which it has so far been unable to deliver in the face of an insurgency whose strength is not significantly weakened .
Lack of transparency is driving fears that Hamid Karzai 's government is brokering a power-sharing deal with the Taliban that will do little to foster stability or better governance .
The world faces traditional and non-traditional security fears .
Large , publicly traded companies in other countries also often face lax limits on their use of corporate resources to influence political outcomes , fueling fears that the interests of shareholders will trump those of other groups , such as consumers and employees .
Israel , as the territorial answer to the old Jewish fears , tends to take decisions only on the basis of worst-case scenarios .
US Assistant Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller 's recent call for Israel to join the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- , which would require it to declare and relinquish its nuclear arsenal , has incited fears that America 's diplomatic umbrella for Israel 's nuclear status is ending .
Today 's anxieties , too , are fed by perceptions and fears , by real and imagined concerns .
Egypt 's fears are mainly of Sudan 's disintegration into a chaotic tapestry of mini-states controlled by warlords and plunged into lawlessness and bloody tribal feuds .
Abbas 's refusal to recognize Israel as a Jewish state -- on the ground that to do so would betray Israel 's 1.5 million Palestinian citizens -- vindicated a key Israeli concern , and fueled skeptics ' fears of a hidden long-term Palestinian agenda to do away with the Jewish state altogether .
It is not only America 's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest ; nor the other familiar phenomenon that American administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism .
Articulate intellectuals and groups such as labor unions and environmental organizations in the advanced economies have voiced anti-globalization fears and sentiments for at least a quarter-century .
Given the ironic reversal of globalization fears , Kipling is still right : convergence has continued to elude East and West .
Not only have they revised their spending plans , but , in many cases , they have delayed purchases , waiting for the uncertainty to clear . The result has been a sharp drop in output and employment , reinforcing fears about the future , and further decreasing spending .
The turmoil from the Greek debt crisis and concern over analogous problems in Ireland , Portugal , Spain , and Italy have spread fears about the stability of European banks , the global financial system , the eurozone , and the global economy .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently echoed these fears in public and added worries over whether the euro will survive the crisis .
An economic slowdown in the US and Europe could substantially slow this infusion of cash , because immigrants are often the first to lose their jobs when recession fears take hold .
Despite the alarming escalation in violence , fears of civil war in Kenya are probably exaggerated .
In May , he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment , but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated .
The true state of his health may matter less than public fears that he 's hiding something .
There are also fears that the splintering of Dokubu 's militias has created fertile ground in the Delta for Islamist groups .
Their resilience is important , because market fears of instability often become a self-fulfilling prophecy .
The military will , under any scenario , continue to quell fears of complete political chaos .
Such talks , Turkey fears , would offer tacit acknowledgement that Iraqi Kurds have won a degree of autonomy from Baghdad .
That strategy 's popular appeal will not end with the Bush administration , because neo-conservatism feeds on a set of public fears that are deeply rooted in American history .
Finally , there is the `` military option , '' which would merely justify fears in Sudan of Western `` imperialism . ''
If people are anxious about their national identities , the sovereignty of their governments , the demographic and social complexion of their societies , such fears are best voiced in the political arena . As long as people express their concerns , however distasteful to liberal ears , by votes , not violence , democracy will not be seriously harmed .
And the minaret , piercing the sky like a missile , is easily caricatured as a fearsome image .
Demagogues who denounce multiculturalism and warn of the `` Islamization '' of the West are exploiting the resultant fears about the loss of national identity .
Since such feelings can not simply be wished away , it is better to allow for their ritual expression , just as fears of death , violence , and decay find expression in religion or bull fighting .
These fears and resentments exist everywhere , now more than ever .
A speech at the United Nations , reiterating his support for Israel , his understanding of Israel 's fears and vulnerability , with barely a mention of Palestinian fears and vulnerability .
Such fears are by no means confined to Europe 's small countries .
Still , the politics of resentment works best when it can tap into real fears .
But one fears that something more dreadful than the daily misery must occur before India 's politicians decide to act .
Russia would be furious , because it fears that Kosovo 's secession -- whether or not it is internationally recognized -- might fuel separatist movements in the former Soviet empire .
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
Easing those fears is big concern in the US these days .
That fact has , however , done little to allay fears in the region .
As China seeks to translate its economic clout into major geopolitical advantages in Asia , a country that once boasted of `` having friends everywhere '' finds that its growing power may be inspiring awe , but that its actions are spurring new concerns and fears .
In fact , 2010 will be remembered as the year that Chinese leaders undercut their country 's own interests by kindling fears of an expansionist China , thereby facilitating America 's return to center stage in Asia .
China fears that the government still wants to write a new constitution - one from which Taiwanese independence would be derived .
Today the great task is to calm the fears that our traditions are being undermined ; to reach out to people who are coming into our lands from other countries ; and to find a way of recreating our political ethic around the kernel of human rights , equality , non-discrimination , and democracy .
These fears incite anger and xenophobia , even though everyone knows that globalization can not be conquered by kicking out foreigners .
Depending on size , this might constrain the ambitions of institutions that have plainly been `` too big to manage , '' as well as `` too big to fail , '' which is the most fearsome combination .
· even before a takeover occurs , managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors , especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover ;
In some countries , fiscal policy is crippled by legitimate fears that more deficit spending will trigger government-debt crises .
Meanwhile , banking policy is crippled by populist reaction against more bailouts , and monetary policy by a strange mindset among central bankers that fears inflation even as wage growth continues to drop .
So why , in the absence of solvency fears , do capital inflows to America continue ?
In the United States , the fears of nine months ago that America 's economy might succumb to deflation have been dispelled .
The Fed hopes that it can handle the current situation without being forced to rescue market liquidity by cutting interest rates and thus giving what it fears would be an unhealthy boost to spending .
Agreed EU-wide immigration rules are needed to reconcile shrinking Europe 's hunger for imported labor with widespread fears of cultural tensions and social unrest .
Then , as now , fears about regional instability , economic stagnation , and social backwardness abounded .
There were anxieties , too , that the increasing loss of legitimacy of Arab nationalist regimes would benefit radical Islamists - fears confirmed by Algeria 's bloody civil war of the 1990 's .
But if defending the status quo no longer seems possible , regime change incites its own fears .
Of course , neoconservative critics of the high court will see in this explanation the confirmation of their worst fears .
For all the good news about Mexico 's infant democracy , its president is beginning to justify the early fears about him : no vision , no Congress to work with , and no team that knows what to do .
Indeed , fears are growing that southern Africa will be condemned to the role of exporter of raw materials .
With fears mounting that one or another euro-zone country may default , yield spreads on government bonds between EMU countries have reached record highs .
Employment growth continues to disappoint , and fears of deflation will not go away .
If fears of deflation were to recede , and if output and employment were to grow more vigorously , the pressure for a protectionist response would dissipate .
A de facto policy of inflating away the debt might stoke such fears further .
Given all this , more deficit spending will only stoke fears of higher future taxes and inflation .
As government deficits and public debt increase in many developed and emerging economies , financial markets will most likely demand higher risk premia , owing to heightened fears of default and inflation down the road .
But political leaders in the EU are merely succumbing to ill-informed fears .
But , while there is much to worry about , the bottom line is that these fears are exaggerated .
That reduction in potential deficits and debt can by itself give a boost to the economy in 2011 by calming fears that an exploding national debt would eventually force the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates -- perhaps sharply if foreign buyers of US Treasuries suddenly became frightened by the deficit prospects .
A country that finds its economy very depressed during the next few years , and fears that this will be chronic , might be tempted to leave the EMU in order to ease monetary conditions and devalue its currency .
Steadily rising prices of raw materials , agricultural products , and energy already reflect fears about future shortages .
· Should Iran manage to become a nuclear power , the Saudis ' existential fears would dramatically escalate . More generally , the currency of conventional military power in the Middle East would largely lose its value , inevitably resulting in a regional nuclear arms race .
After all , if Russia 's government really wanted to achieve a change in the post-Soviet status quo , it should , first and foremost , pursue a policy vis-à-vis its neighbors that reduces rather than increases fears .
America fears deflation ; Europe -- driven by its largest economy , Germany -- fears national debt and inflation .
Moreover , regardless of who wins the presidential runoff , fears about Ukraine 's independence will not , in contrast to 2004\/2005 , be an issue . This too , is a step forward that should not be underestimated .
The French government , on the other hand , fears that the Germans ' commitment to eurozone stability is a ploy aimed at pushing France into a corner and leaving it behind economically .
I believe that these fears are exaggerated , even misplaced .
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
But fears of `` enemies within , '' such as Russia 's Pasko , or the French , British , and other European Muslims who fought alongside the Taliban , are also gaining ground .
If we look back at irrational claims of individual self-defense -- McVeigh , Amir , and others -- we see that their fears were based on private evidence not shared by more than a small circle of friends and co-conspirators , at most .
Even in the area of trade policy , despite fears of protectionism , the outcome was not bad by the standards of past recessions , let alone compared to America 's infamous Smoot-Hawley tariffs , enacted in 1930 .
MOSCOW -- Twenty-five years ago this month , I sat across from Ronald Reagan in Reykjavik , Iceland to negotiate a deal that would have reduced , and could have ultimately eliminated by 2000 , the fearsome arsenals of nuclear weapons held by the United States and the Soviet Union .
US unemployment figures released the Friday before the terrorists struck showed a sharp increase in new benefit claimants , reinforcing fears that consumers would soon retrench , and so tip the economy into recession .
How to Make EU Integration Popular Across the European Union , fears about globalization and antipathy to integration and immigration have produced massive political fallout , including the failed French and Dutch referenda on the Union 's draft constitutional treaty and a de facto moratorium on accession talks with Turkey .
When its terrorists struck America in 2001 , they seemed to confirm the Western world 's worst fears about Islam .
This will help to avoid the kind of fears that surfaced in 2004 about implementation of the previous UN plan .
At the same time , people 's irrational fears and secret desires could not be suppressed .
Belief in vampires in Eastern European societies served its own historical purposes : uniting communities and identifying outsiders , giving concrete form to death fears , explaining mysterious events , and , last but not least , providing a means of resistance to the encroachment of Western ideas and patterns of thought .
If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver , then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us : as a projection of our fears and uncertainties , sexual desires , group and personal animosities , and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society .
PRAGUE -- The shattering earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan on March 11 have wrought devastating physical damage -- aggravated by the threat of a nuclear disaster -- across the country 's northeastern coastal areas , and have rekindled grave fears in the only country to have experienced fully the atom 's potential for horror .
One week after the summit , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried to calm the continent 's fears about the US-Colombia agreement , explaining that it is merely a minor revision of the Bill Clinton-era Plan Colombia , an American program to support the government against the drug cartels .
One set of fears concerns the labor market -- the so-called `` Polish plumber '' question .
Nobody worried about foreign ownership of US ports as long as the owner was a British company ; the new fears reflect the belief that Dubai might be a channel for Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism .
An alternative scenario suggests that these fears emanate from a real problem .
Because of fears about pollution , or about the safety of nuclear energy , most countries neglected to build up their own capacity .
For a moment , it looked as if a contagious crisis , driven by fears of government over-indebtedness , would destroy the politically fragile compromise that European countries had carefully constructed over a 50-year period .
Indeed China-mania , a mixture of hopes , but mostly fears , is sweeping the world due to China 's rapid economic rise .
The fears were misplaced , because the world benefited from cheaper and more readily available products .
Not only nuclear weapons incited these fears .
Only a patient , creative , and consistent engagement strategy will mitigate fears on both sides .
His national security adviser , McGeorge Bundy , fueled Johnson 's fears .
That electoral loss seemed to confirm Johnson 's earlier fears : those who pull out of wars lose elections .
Russia , with its formal nuclear superiority , has no serious fears regarding China 's military buildup .
The extent to which Khamenei fears this social upsurge is stunning .
But Putin 's interventions in the UN Security Council over Iraq have been far more moderate than , say , those of France and Germany , two of America 's historic allies . This is so even though Russia has vital national interests to protect in Iraq , including real fears about regional instability spreading into Russia 's south , with its millions of Muslim citizens .
But China , which fears a collapse of the North Korean regime above all , does not want to antagonize Kim .
In a country with one of the worst histories of economic crisis and volatility , fears of a new meltdown are growing , and investors have been dollarizing their portfolios in order to protect their capital .
The US Federal Reserve can cut 100 basis points from the federal funds rate and not lose control over US inflationary expectations . Yet , the ECB can not cut interest rates 1 basis point because it fears euro-zone inflationary expectations are becoming unglued .
His colleague on the ECB Governing Council , Bundesbank president Axel Weber , seems to have gotten the message that the more ECB officials talk up inflationary fears , the more the trade unions will ask .
Like everyone else , our peasants vote their fears and choose as their representatives the peasant parties who think that political stalemate is the only way to preserve Poland 's rural way of life .
The fact that Israelis and Palestinians need to agree on a solution of the refugee issue neutralizes unwarranted Israeli fears about the demographic threat posed by the Palestinians ' right of return .
But numerous scientific studies showed that these fears were baseless .
To counter the impression that it was turning common fears into treatable conditions , DSM-IV added a clause stipulating that social anxiety behaviors had to be `` impairing '' before a diagnosis was possible .
In Europe and beyond , GMOs became emblematic of the powerful economic fears that globalization inspires .
But France 's referendum result fueled other European governments ' fears that any new proposal they might put forward to re-launch the EU constitution would fail in the face of domestic and Europe-wide opposition .
Those fears melted away , but today the world has many real , pressing problems .
Pleas for action on climate change reflect fears that global warming might undermine agricultural production , especially in the developing world .
The Copenhagen Consensus Center set out to ask people in global-warming hot spots about their fears and hopes . In Mojo , central Ethiopia , our researchers met Tadese Denkue , a 68-year-old former soldier with no regular income .
Moreover , Czechoslovakia 's fearsome secret police , who had every interest in silencing or compromising the famous dissident writer , never used the incident to blackmail or expose him .
But other barriers can be overcome by reforming housing policies , reducing the cost of moving , and revising social-welfare policies in order to end fears of losing long-term benefits .
The starting point for the EU 's unhappy bid to create a shared constitution had been fears that its decision-making mechanisms were being overloaded by the accession of so many new members , first in May 2004 and again at the beginning of this year .
But beneath the surface , the real tensions are about immigration and fears that national `` cultures '' are threatened by the influx of non-natives , both white and non-white .
Reunited Germany surrendered its beloved currency , the Deutsche Mark , to boost European integration , but also to calm French fears that Germany was poised to establish monetary hegemony over the continent .
Under Chancellor Helmut Kohl , it gave up its beloved Deutsche Mark for the sake of deepening European integration , but also to sooth French fears that Germany was poised to establish monetary hegemony over the continent .
So the stakes in Burma are high for China , as are Chinese fears of about how any future `` national reconciliation '' government might react to China 's record of complicity with the corrupt military rulers .
It should be remembered that America and its allies , faced with strategic fears of a similar type during the Cold War , also supported repugnant and oppressive regimes in places like Zaire , Chile , and Indonesia .
The BJP ca n't take such risks because it fears holding early elections .
As in 2002 , the winner next year will be whomever the electorate dislikes or fears less .
Today , the Japanese are so concerned with China that they have little time for fears about Russia .
Nevertheless , it is far from clear that the US will find it easier to reform its health and social security system , and thus alleviate the individual fears of its citizens , than for Europe to inspire its citizens with a sense of collective hope .
Contrary to the fears of many of these neighbors in 1990 -LRB- and contrary to what many analysts claim now -RRB- , the Berlin Republic is not more nationalistic than the old West Germany .
Saddam 's attack on Iran allayed the fears of Arab regimes that Ayatollah Khomeini 's Iran would export its Islamic revolution .
In the late 1940 's and the 1950 's , the Cold War and fears that the Red Menace would sap American resolve from within led to myriad anti-subversive programs , with tens of thousands of Americans losing their livelihoods as a result .
Although the language of religion was not used overtly , the debate in Asia reflected the same fears that science is somehow `` out of control '' and far too powerful .
But values are subject to change , often in response to past experience and fears about the future .
Since the Middle East 's autocratic regimes destroyed their liberal oppositions , in many countries radical Islamists represent the only dissent , feeding on widespread resentment of corrupt regimes , opposition to American policies , and popular fears of modernization and globalization .
Each side , believing it will end up at war with the other , makes reasonable military preparations that are read by the other side as confirmation of its worst fears .
While culture provides some soft power , domestic policies and values set limits , particularly in China , where the Communist Party fears allowing too much intellectual freedom and resists outside influences .
Moreover , there are genuine fears that rogue elements in a divided Iranian government might leak weapons technology to terrorist groups .
Similarly , China , with its focus on economic growth , fears that a collapse of the North Korean regime would threaten stability on its borders .
Americans and Chinese must avoid such exaggerated fears .
Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Equally important are American actions that show the high priority that the US gives to the alliance , and its guarantees not to engage in what Japan fears will be `` Japan-passing '' in its relations with Asia .
In the late 1970 's , a `` Committee on the Present Danger '' argued that Soviet power was surpassing that of the US , and the 1980 American election reflected such fears .
Diplomats say Kim brazenly plays on Chinese fears .
By accompanying its growing hard power with efforts to make itself more attractive , China aimed to stem its neighbors ' fears and tendency to balance Chinese power .
Most importantly , the US and China should avoid developing exaggerated fears of each other 's capacities and intentions .
Such fears appear exaggerated , particularly when one considers that Asia is not one entity . It has its own internal balance of power .
Especially in the case of Chinese , fears of divided national loyalties and `` fifth columns '' have been strong .
The two sides must step back , look at the situation dispassionately , acknowledge the deficiencies in the protocols , address the other side 's minimum requirements , and bear in mind that a single document will not heal all wounds or wipe out all fears .
Raising rates could alleviate those fears , increasing consumer confidence and spending .
That compelled the Fed to keep interest rates at historic lows for an extended period , and rates were raised only gradually because of fears about the recovery 's fragility .
Such fears have also been strengthened by schizophrenic behavior , particularly French President Jacques Chirac 's chastising candidate countries for voicing support for the US regarding Iraq .
While xenophobia - provoked mostly by fears about immigration , EU enlargement , and pressures of globalization - has driven West European extremism , xenophobic radicalism in Europe 's east has different causes .
Coupled with fears of a double-dip recession in the United States , the European debt crisis is dragging the global economy into another cycle of financial panic and economic recession .
But Chinese money has been viewed with suspicion in Europe , reflecting fears that China has a hidden political agenda .
In the late 1990 's and the early years of this decade , the problems that incited fears of a dysfunctional state seemed to fade .
And , by involving the Treasury , the purchase of risky assets could be financed by issuing debt , rather than by printing more money , thereby attenuating inflationary fears .
It is hard to square these fears with the view that the Doha trade round could lift tens , if not hundreds , of millions out of poverty .
More importantly , the fears underlying the bicycle theory are wildly inflated .
With minds concentrated by fears of another 1930 's - style Great Depression , America 's political leaders developed , virtually overnight , a $ 700 billion bailout plan to resuscitate the country 's rapidly deflating financial sector .
The BoJ and the BoE are following suit , putting even more pressure on the eurozone , where a stubborn ECB would rather kill any chance of recovery for the PIIGS than do more QE , ostensibly owing to fears of a rise in inflation .
In the advanced economies , recession had brought back earlier in 2008 fears of 1970 's - style stagflation -LRB- a combination of economic stagnation and inflation -RRB- .
Indeed , this capacity is essential because we need to leave behind the Manichean disagreements , conflicts , and fears of the Cold War era .
Vice President Dick Cheney reiterated these fears in the run-up to the Iraq War , claiming that Saddam Hussein was building a massive arsenal of weapons of mass destruction to `` take control of a great portion of the world 's energy supplies . ''
They say that fears of `` running out of resources , '' notably food and energy , have been with us for 200 years , and we never succumbed .
A good window on postwar US policy in Iraq can be found in key documents written by and for the Bush Administration before September 11 , when the analysis of the Middle East was much less infected by today 's fears .
America itself will be safer , in part because it will be less likely in the future to unleash a spiral of violence fueled by its own irrational fears and misunderstandings of the world .
When the former government lost the vote this past May , and Singh 's government came into office , there were fears that Singh would be hamstrung by left-wing coalition partners , who would demand that market reforms be dismantled as the price of their participation in the new ruling coalition .
Chidambaram 's 2004\/2005 budget puts those fears to rest . The document is a brilliant lesson in development economics : it shows how to combine a full-speed ahead approach to market reforms with urgently needed attention to poverty .
They also had exaggerated fears about American weaknesses , just as von Moltke had exaggerated fears about German weaknesses vis-à-vis Russia .
In Lebanon 's post-war parliament , seats are widely distributed among the various confessional communities , so that none feels excluded or fears losing political representation if it loses numerical superiority .
The most immediate question concerns the possibility of another Israel-Hezbollah war , fears of which have mounted throughout this year , fueled by reports of new missile transfers to Hezbollah and intermittent threats from Israel .
But what is not acceptable is the way that people with leprosy , those cured of it , and even their family members continue to be discriminated against on the basis of fears , myths , and outdated notions about a disease that is today completely curable .
If it is to be achieved , US officials must restrain themselves from exacerbating old fears by viewing China as a threat .
These fears are compounded by the fact that China 's Leninist one-party government , now almost completely dependent on its `` economic miracle '' for legitimacy , has shown few signs of implementing political reforms to complement economic reform .
But if Dr. Jiang became a hero in the process , he was also marked as insubordinate , the kind of potentially uncontrollable person that the Chinese Communist Party fears .
Indeed , the Party 's worst fears were realized this past March just before the 15th anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The Obama administration 's decision to withdraw the bulk of United Sates troops from Iraq over the next 19 months has sparked fears that Iraq will once again plunge into the wide-scale and debilitating violence that it endured from 2004 to 2007 .
Those fears are testing political leaders in the world 's richest countries .
After 1979 , fears about limits to growth and nuclear power ebbed .
Indeed , in many countries , exaggerated fears of deflation are keeping interest rates depressed and the cost of capital at historic lows .
Then any inflationary monetary policy errors driven by exaggerated fears of deflation will be allowed to stand , and the cumulative inflation will offset any returns on investments in long-term bonds .
Today 's fears about deflation may represent a historic turning point , much as when the public mood turned decisively against inflation around 1980 .
Are such fears justified ?
Like traditional myths , such graphic , shared images embody fears that are deeply entrenched in our psyche .
But the proposal from the IMF is an important step , because it deals with the essential problem that we are confronting right now : fears about the future of the economy become a self-fulfilling prophesy .
The Consumer Sentiment Survey of Americans , created by George Katona at the University of Michigan in the early 1950 's , and known today as the Thomson-Reuters University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers , has included a remarkable question about the reasonably long-term future , five years hence , and asks about visceral fears concerning that period :
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
Our successful democratic experiment is being ignored in part because of a hoary ruling a half-century ago by the Organization of African Unity , the precursor to today 's African Union . Back then , with the recent demise of the colonial empires stoking fears of tribal rivalries and countless civil wars , the OAU ruled that the frontiers drawn up by the imperial powers should be respected in perpetuity .
Former US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan may be right when he says : `` This crisis is different -- a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions . ''
But these fears are not well founded .
For emerging market countries , where the surge in capital inflows has led to fears of inflation and asset price bubbles , a pragmatic approach using a combination of macroeconomic and prudential financial policies is available . ''
But fears of government default in rich countries could threaten the recovery by causing interest rates to rise and exchange rates to fall .
Let us assume , though , that the ECB is right and that fears of `` unsound finance '' are holding back economic recovery .
The question still needs to be asked : are such fears rational ?
`` The practice of calmness , of immobility , of certainty and security , suddenly breaks down , '' Keynes wrote . `` New fears and hopes will , without warning , take charge of human conduct . ''
The terrible French peacekeeping experience in Bosnia in the early 1990s , in which France lost 84 soldiers serving in a humanitarian capacity under restrictive ROEs , justifies their fears .
There are fears on both sides .
But these fears and the atmosphere of suspicion must be overcome . Mutual trust must be reinforced .
This should have eased fears about Brazil 's future . So far , it has n't .
Bush convinced people that he is good for American security by playing on the fears generated by the 9\/11 attacks .
Getting the balance correct is complicated by the fact that the right fears the left will use fiscal stimulus as a path to permanently larger government , a path that the right -LRB- and apparently the general public -RRB- is unwilling to follow .
The European Central Bank was critical of that decision , whose dramatic consequences have exceeded our greatest fears .
Moreover , most analysts agree that at least part of the rationale behind Russia 's invasion of Georgia , reigniting fears of a new Cold War , was its confidence that , with America 's armed forces pre-occupied with two failing wars -LRB- and badly depleted because of a policy of not replacing military resources as fast as they are used up -RRB- , there was little America could do in response .
Failure at Cancun would confirm the fears of those who resisted a new round of trade negotiations .
Until now , the main worry for most experts on globalization has been excessive government intervention in the economy . The Commission fears just the opposite .
There are also growing fears that climate change will more adversely threaten the lives of the poor .
That has not stopped pundits and the media from exaggerating such fears , distracting from greater efforts to overcome protracted stagnation for much of the developed world , which will inevitably drag down economic recovery elsewhere , especially in developing countries .
The best way to allay European fears and prevent uncontrolled migration is to establish positive incentives , and the practical means , for potential migrants to stay home -- most significantly by creating jobs in the southern Mediterranean .
On the downside , confidence among consumers and investors alike has taken a hit , mainly owing to fears about radiation leakages and power shortages .
Romania fears the fallout from Kosovo 's unilaterally gaining independence on neighboring Moldova .
It fears that Russia will encourage separatist tendencies in Crimea , where the ethnic Russian population forms a majority . -LRB- Crimea was ceded to Ukraine by Nikita Khrushchev only in 1954 -RRB- .
Reviving Muslim Democracy DAKKA -- As fears about the Islamization of politics in the Muslim world grow , Bangladesh , with the world 's fourth-largest Muslim population -LRB- 126 million -RRB- , has moved dramatically in the opposite direction .
There are also understandable fears that diverging from the official line would trigger a flood of compensation claims , as occurred against Germany .
But this stability fuels fears that Somaliland 's people will activate the declaration of independence they adopted in 1991 .
Yet Ethiopia may hesitate , owing to its fears that formally recognizing Somaliland 's independence could undermine Somalia 's fragile Western-backed Transitional Federal Government .
And the SPLM fears that Bashir would use a vote in favor of independence in the south as justification to resume all-out war .
But now many Bangladeshis fears for their livelihoods , owing to unlimited Chinese textile imports following the end of quotas last year .
The global economic crisis and new fears of US protectionism have motivated India to rethink its attitude toward the Doha Development Round .
A decision to de-regulate petrol and diesel prices has sparked massive street protests and stoked fears of rampant inflation .
These fears underpinned the dual enlargement of NATO and the European Union .
It will also incite fears of chaos in our neighbors .
Now the World Food Program fears that another famine is looming -- the country 's agricultural output will likely fall to 1.8 million tons of grain , far short of the 4.8 million tons needed to supply the meager ration of 7ounces a day -LRB- half the daily allowance for those in UN refugee camps -RRB- ordinary North Koreans receive .
Medvedev recently warned that Russia 's `` military-industrial complex is starting to be affected by credit problems , '' stoking fears of a return to the paralyzing payment crises that plagued the defense sector during the 1990 's .
Historically , there tends to be the same set of themes : fearsome , uncontrolled transformative change led by educated , urbanized cosmopolitans .
In practice , and especially when deflationary fears are already present , managing private_sector expectations demands considerable subtlety .
Thus , it merely feeds young Muslims ' fears that they are being singled out for persecution .
Up to now , GCC leaders have spurned Yemen 's membership for the same reasons that the European Union fears admitting Turkey : Yemen would instantly become the bloc 's most populous country .
Its concern for Saleh 's political survival is closely linked to its guardianship of the Saudi regime , which fears that ferment in Yemen could give Saudi Arabia 's own Shia , Zaidi , and Ismaili populations dangerous ideas about democratic reform , if not threaten the very existence of the Saudi state .
Saudi Arabia 's fears about Iraq are driven by security concerns .
But those fears were misplaced , because the Bush administration was determined to minimize the Saudi role in the 9\/11 atrocity .
Rather , it is a by-product of its own acute fears of regime collapse .
A debt buyback is something of a Catch 22 : to succeed in inducing a haircut , it needs to profit from the default fears that it intends to alleviate .
As the stronger and more experienced party , the US can help to allay China 's fears about the safety of its national savings .
Yet , while Zuma 's populist appeal reflects South Africa 's especially large differences in economic class , the threat of imposing higher taxes and other obligations on employers and the wealthy has raised fears at home and internationally .
Focusing squarely on structural reforms would allay some of the fears that China 's rise has inspired in the rest of the world , while winning praise from the international business community .
China 's fears could be addressed by greater international collaboration , but China must be willing to cooperate as well , and , as we have seen again in recent days , it is unlikely to be forced out of its indecisiveness .
