Arab governments have been especially angry over the chaos in Iraq , fearing that the US will abandon the Sunni minority to the not-so-tender mercies of revenge-minded Shi'a and expressing growing anxiety that the war has empowered Iran to extend Shi'a influence throughout the Middle East .
The Tea Party movement -- an economic agenda for the rich masquerading as the salvation of God-fearing white Americans -- knows that all too well .
China , fearing that the law could be used to move Taiwan towards independence , reacted strongly even before the referendum bill was approved by the Legislative Yuan , Taiwan 's parliament .
Millions worry about their jobs - and thus the quality of their lives - in addition to fearing for their personal security .
They resist assimilation , fearing that it will rob them of their identity without offering a new one .
Investors fearing geopolitical catastrophe might cope to some degree by raising their consumption spending .
Other crisis countries in the eurozone have not been stabilized , because Germany -- fearing a domestic political backlash -- has not dared to embrace a community of liability by issuing Eurobonds , even if the European Financial Stability Facility 's new role means that virtually 90 % of the path has already been traveled .
But European officials -- and not only the ECB &#45; &#45; seem very reluctant to admit that their economy is faltering , fearing that it will further weaken confidence and add to the slowdown pressures .
Other countries ' governments , it seems , have been trying to distance themselves from the problem , fearing a contagion that they know is likely to spread .
Ozawa , had he become prime minister , would inevitably have been subjected to not only similar obstruction in Diet sessions but also to interrogation about his financing scandal , while fearing prosecution .
Nevertheless , and understandably , many countries make decisions to locate production locally and to protect it against foreign trade , fearing market breakdown through war , trade sanctions , or simply shortsighted decisions by foreign governments to protect their own populations from price increases .
Importers stopped importing not only the yellow bean , but also other Mexican beans , fearing lawsuits .
Thus , when Gamal Abdel Nasser launched a call for Arab unity in the 1950 's , the US and Europe viewed him as a threat . The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East .
In the past , China shied away from most multilateral problem solving , fearing that it might set a precedent for other countries to intervene in internal Chinese affairs .
This was a major change from the 2003-2005 period , when Iraq 's Sunni neighbors , fearing the country 's new Shiite elite , actively opposed the US occupation .
Until that time , central banks , fearing recession , were gradually losing their grip on inflation .
But governments , fearing the expense of wage insurance if a lot of people exploit it , have not been willing to implement it on a large scale .
When this happens , many people buy homes to rent out as investment properties , and many more who are buying homes to live in also behave like investors , fearing that if they wait , they will be priced out of the market .
Indeed , some countries insisted on the no-bailout clause as a condition of their participation in the euro , fearing that Europe 's debtor countries could , by majority voting , expropriate the thriftier countries , thereby generating moral-hazard effect that would undermine the stability of the EU .
But by August , Allied forces broke through German lines , and a stunned Ludendorff , fearing a sudden collapse of his army , demanded that the newly constituted civilian government send an immediate request for an armistice .
But Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , perhaps fearing the infamous `` resource curse '' that has blighted the development of so many countries blessed with mineral wealth , is determined that the new oil wealth not be turned into `` nonsense . ''
But Japan 's government also must stop prevaricating with the Japanese people : it should welcome and encourage debate about Japan 's defense posture , without fearing that the US-Japan friendship is so fragile that it will be destroyed .
Faced with a country whose leader is bent on acquiring nuclear weapons , the EU 's leaders are simply dithering , fearing that the fire next door in Iraq could somehow spread .
In the Scramble scenario , nations rush to secure energy resources for themselves , fearing that energy security is a zero-sum game , with clear winners and losers .
Saudi Arabia , fearing that any role for Iraq in determining regional security would diminish Saudi political and military dominance among the Gulf countries , has still not opened an embassy in Baghdad .
