There is also an American proposal to allow the Badr Brigade -- a wing of the Palestine Liberation Army that is currently stationed in Jordan -- to relocate to the Palestinian territories as Abbas 's rapid reaction force in Gaza in anticipation of a feared civil war .
At the beginning of the Afghan campaign many military `` experts '' feared that the US would face a similar fate .
By contrast , Western governments were wary of this perspective , which they feared would hamper free-market practices , impose overly cumbersome financial obligations , or both . Thus , they chose to prioritize those civil and political rights that they viewed as the hallmarks of democracy .
The East had feared that it could not gain from trade with the West , which had superior infrastructure and human capital ; now , the West had come to fear that it would lose from trade with the East , which had abundant , cheap labor .
Soon , however , those forces that feared losing power in this vast and important region began a determined counter-offensive .
Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking , `` Who will mind the children ? '' , her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her , and when they do criticize her , she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim , unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies .
Obama has been better than feared on international trade .
The assumption is that only real pressure will finally force Sudan 's government to embrace the United Nations-African Union peacekeeping force , negotiate with the West , disband the feared Janjaweed militia , allow refugees from the country 's brutal civil war to return to their villages , and make peace with Southern rebels .
The prime minister 's statement was received with cheers , not the jeers that some of his aides had feared .
These people feared the comeback of religion ; that the Protestant or Catholic oppressiveness they knew first-hand might be replaced by equally oppressive Muslim codes of conduct .
As well as being feared , the Chinese are admired for being cleverer than everybody else .
More and more , Israel began to be infected by precisely the type of politics most Jews have traditionally feared , especially ethnic nationalism .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
Many of Rivero 's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them , and he appeared lonely .
During the Cold War , when the West feared attack by the Soviet bloc , the US and Europe were united through NATO in standing up to that threat .
The scale of these costs is unknown , but the share prices of the banks that could be affected -LRB- Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland in particular -RRB- rose when the report was published , suggesting that they are not as high as had been feared .
Another source is investors who feared losing their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990 's , techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer , and the third-world rich , who think a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat .
The Fed and Treasury feared that the lesson being taught in the last half of 2007 and the first half of 2008 was that the US government guaranteed all the debt and transactions of every bank and bank-like entity that was regarded as too big to fail .
Now , it is feared , organized crime will intimidate his less talented successors .
In any case , the new policies should reassure those who feared that China 's central government either would simply watch the bubble inflate or that it lacked a sufficiently independent macroeconomic policy to intervene .
If the West approaches these discussions with Russia without illusions , with a clear understanding of its own strategic interests , and with new ideas for partnership and cooperation , the worst to be feared is failure .
The political , economic , and financial costs of renationalization would be enormous ; an EU collapse is feared around the world for good reason .
The Soviets , with their fragile legitimacy , always feared betrayal .
Even so , the ICC prosecutor 's application for an arrest warrant for al-Bashir -- announced this past July -- has yet to provoke a widely-feared crackdown on humanitarian organizations .
Kremlin strategists explained that they feared the US would oust Russia from Central Asia .
The 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces -LRB- INF -RRB- Treaty destroyed the feared quick-strike missiles then threatening Europe 's peace .
The German authorities feared that the country 's export-oriented economy would suffer from the wide exchange-rate swings that are the norm for global reserve currencies .
The Nigerian father who warned the US embassy in Lagos that he feared what his own son might do -- before that same young man attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 -- is an example of just this .
In return , the Cuban regime made a sham gesture by releasing a small number of the prisoners of conscience -- mostly those who were tortured and seriously ill -- who the regime most feared would die in its notorious prisons .
In the 1960s , President Johnson feared the risk of a new 1930s-style Great Depression , and responded with an increase in domestic social spending -LRB- `` the Great Society '' -RRB- at the same time as the escalation of the war in Vietnam boosted military expenditure .
When it feared that it might be overtaken by the next rising economic power , the vast Russian empire , assertiveness turned into aggression .
Issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary , but the Fed might conclude otherwise , because the US has never been in this situation before , credit is now imploding , and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared .
Ultimately , it is feared that the SCO could develop into a military alliance similar to the Warsaw Pact of the Cold War era , with an embryonic `` Great China Union '' at its core .
Giving birth was so risky that they feared for their lives .
Even though they were already resigned to a 25-basis-point rate increase , the politicians made a big show of being opposed to it , aiming to prevent what they really feared and what was certainly more warranted : a 50-basis-point hike and a warning of more on the way .
Political parties and others who mobilized opposition to the EDC feared a remilitarized Germany and a threat to France 's sovereignty .
The United Nations Framework Convention has refused to fund disaster preparedness efforts unless states demonstrate exactly how the disasters they feared were linked to climate change .
And in Germany , Der Spiegel magazine reported survey results showing that only 42 % feared global warming , compared with 62 % in 2006 .
Europe already feared that rising youth unemployment in the region would create dangerous instability along Europe 's southern flank .
Europeans will also see the dismantling of their welfare states and social security systems ; the cherished `` European model '' of pensions , healthcare , and unemployment benefits risks being replaced by the despised and widely feared `` American model . ''
We feared that the voting would take place without the presence of our poll watchers .
Mugabe , however , immediately appointed Mnangagwa , who is much feared and often linked to allegations of corruption , as Speaker of Parliament .
America 's recovery from unpopular policies in the past , such as the Vietnam War , took place against the backdrop of the Cold War , in which allied countries feared the Soviet Union as a greater evil .
Machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a prince to be feared than to be loved .
Machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a prince to be feared than to be loved . Machiavelli may be correct , but we sometimes forget that the opposite of love is not fear , but hatred .
CAMBRIDGE -- In the 1950 's , many Americans feared that the Soviet Union would surpass the United States as the world 's leading power .
Only two decades ago , many Americans feared being overtaken after Japanese per capita income surpassed that of the United States .
Obama may have come to understand that when you are the leader of the world 's only superpower , you need to be feared just a little if you are to be respected .
Even some in the Vatican feared this outcome .
SYDNEY -- The rescue of the 33 Chilean miners , from what was feared would be their tomb , gave the world something to cheer about . Hope has not , after all , become a redundant virtue in the twenty-first century .
While the NPT is not entirely responsible for the absence of dozens of nuclear-armed states that many people once feared would emerge , it generated a standard of behavior that continues to guide most countries .
Is n't the power of the manipulator more insidious , and perhaps to be more greatly feared , than that of the policeman ?
The global response to the crisis may not have been stellar , but neither has it been the free-for-all that might have been feared .
As a result , many states feared federal assumption would mean that their taxes would go to pay northern speculators or to retire the debt of big borrowers , like Massachusetts .
As expansion of the EU approaches , many Europeans see in it only things to be feared : masses of economic migrants , and poor countries demanding subsidies .
In both countries , majorities voted against adopting the euro because they feared that national welfare norms would become curtailed .
India , long feared to be a spoiler , has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy .
As historian David Fromkin shows in his recent book Europe 's Last Summer , von Moltke feared that Russia was gaining too much industrial strength , and that in a few years Russia could withstand a war with Germany .
Imperial Germany was not threatened by Russian industrial dominance in the way von Moltke feared , and its military calculations also failed .
It is also good news for the Obama administration , which had feared a regional setback soon after Obama 's historic address in Cairo on June 4 .
The feared implosion of Wall Street seems to have been avoided .
Moreover , they also feared that Khodorkovsky was preparing to enter politics .
Putin feared that the return of oligarchic political influence would bring back the chaos of Yeltsin 's rule .
This is what Masuru Hayami , the former governor of the Bank of Japan , feared when he resisted calls for more monetary stimulus .
Bank runs occur when people , worried that their deposits will not be honored , hastily withdraw their money , thereby creating the very bankruptcy that they feared .
And loss of confidence , by discouraging consumption and investment , can be a self-fulfilling prophecy , causing the economic weakness that is feared .
The best evidence for continuing confidence in the integrity of US securities markets comes from foreign investors , who would be among the first to flee if they feared rampant corporate fraud and inadequate regulation .
Many feared mass unemployment , a tidal wave of bankruptcies , millions of families evicted from their homes , the social safety net strained to the breaking point , and perhaps even riots and a resurgence of the political extremism that brought Hitler to power in Germany during the depression of the 1930 's .
This , it is feared , might slow recovery .
Another problem was the bar code system designed to prevent duplicate voting . Some qualified voters did n't get their bar codes ; others feared that employers might use them to learn how they voted .
Increased resolution authority will help , but only a little : in the last crisis , US government `` blinked , '' failed to use the powers that it had , and needlessly bailed out shareholders and bondholders -- all because it feared that doing otherwise would lead to economic trauma .
The feared hyperinflation , so far , has not materialized .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters -- `` red shirts '' who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra .
Indeed , while `` silver bullets '' that can cure our most feared diseases have not been found , progress in the area of gene-drug interactions , known as pharmacogenomics , has been extraordinary .
Until recently , China feared that Russia 's withdrawal from the region would create a vacuum that the US would fill .
This revival of the past was a big worry for West Europeans and Americans , who feared the re-emergence of historical enmities and tensions , which did indeed come to the fore in the former Yugoslavia .
The third moment came after the Berlin Wall fell , and it was feared that an enlarged Germany might destabilize Europe .
At the very moment when today 's candidate countries strive for EU membership , EU enlargement is feared by those states that are unlikely to join the Union for the foreseeable future .
Key opposition figures such as former Minister of the Interior Yuri Zakharenko and Victor Gonchar began to disappear and are feared dead . Indeed , leaked governmental information implicates several high-ranking representatives of the Lukashenko regime in these disappearances .
The globalization of higher education should be embraced , not feared -- including in the US .
The risk is that those countries that suffer from the switch retaliate and depreciate their own currencies . That could easily trigger a return to the much-feared competitive depreciations that contributed to the Great Depression .
But that is entirely because the Saudis have behaved since 2003 as if they feared Iraq 's Shia -- and their own -- much more than they do the Iranian regime .
Muslim leaders everywhere worried that they would be stigmatized , perhaps nowhere more so than in Saudi Arabia , whose regime feared that its decades of friendship with the US might end .
But all who had feared a `` great Israeli offensive '' in Gaza should make every effort to strengthen the truce and create a climate for relaxing tensions that could , with time , lead to a peace agreement with the Palestinian Authority .
