Assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten -- and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking Syria 's alliance with Iran .
Ryanair proposed a deal : the airport forgoes its landing fees , and in exchange Ryanair flies in two million people per year .
So the Commission asked Ryanair to pay back most of the forgone fees , and announced that it will review the airline 's terms of operation at other European airports as well .
Most of its reasonable proposals will soon become another example of forgotten good intentions .
But Reinfeldt , like Jacques Chirac , has forgotten something . Liberal-minded people may very well prefer not just to exchange one cynical prime minister for another at the next election .
Indeed , it should not be forgotten that North Korea maintains an army of 1.1 million troops .
Russian literature is not forgotten .
The Armenians , who suffered the worst tragedy in 1915 , never forgot nor forgave .
With so few examples of justice clearly dispensed , and overwhelmed by examples of villains so easily forgiven or forgotten , perhaps Filipinos could not bring themselves to demand what they could not imagine .
Syria 's people may have no predilection for violence , but the birth of freedom , once witnessed , is not easily forgotten -- or trumped by state handouts and vacuous statements by a distant , self-isolated leadership .
But what about Africa , the forgotten continent that has been conspicuously absent from Obama 's hectic agenda ?
But these leaders forgot that their people might actually believe them .
A friend from the region described the FATA as `` a forgotten age '' where only the `` law of the jungle '' prevails .
Despite the horrific violence of Islamist fanatics , it should not be forgotten that the mosque can also be a legitimate basis for resistance against the mostly secular dictatorships in the Middle East today .
Moreover , it ought not to be forgotten that between 1950 and 1980 , Venezuela itself reduced extreme poverty from 43 % to 8 % of the population , one of the lowest figures in Latin America .
Three issues stand out . First , the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 reminded us -LRB- in case we had forgotten -RRB- that there is a union of values called `` the West . ''
It is unfortunate that some in America , and many in Europe , seem to have forgotten , at least temporarily , that this is what our efforts are all about .
He used the example of three -LRB- now forgotten -RRB- bestselling authors of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries to show the deep aversion of many Germans to the modern world , notably to market economics and democratic politics .
Perhaps I had forgotten the travails of President George W. Bush 's predecessors in their second term , but his own current predicament shows that the constitutional limit has its own problems .
When Tony Blair says that the most important liberty is security from terrorist attacks , he has forgotten the first principles of his party and his country .
Like the courtiers who surrounded Louis XVIII , they have forgotten nothing and learned nothing .
For Summers , the problem is that there is so much that is `` distracting , confusing , and problem-denying in ... the first year course in most PhD programs . '' As a result , even though `` economics knows a fair amount , '' it `` has forgotten a fair amount that is relevant , and it has been distracted by an enormous amount . ''
And I count myself among those who had forgotten and been distracted , even though I have always assigned Lombard Street to my economic history courses and Manias , Panics , and Crashes to my macroeconomics classes , and have always paid close and respectful attention to Eichengreen , Akerlof , and Shiller .
Sometimes spending rises because there is more disposable cash in the economy , and sometimes because changes in opportunity costs -- the cost of forgoing some other action , such as saving -- make people want to spend the cash they have more rapidly .
After the last world food crisis in 1973 , agriculture was almost forgotten as a factor in growth .
The goal of a `` Greater Albania , '' has not been forgotten .
It should not be forgotten that Ko¨tunica supported the struggle of Serbs in Croatia , Bosnia and Kosovo and that he adheres to a rosy picture of Serb history .
But we learned an enormous amount . We learned not just thousands of facts that I have since forgotten , but an attitude of skepticism coupled with reverence for the truth .
That purpose , of course , is to create an Asian Monetary Fund , i.e. , a regional alternative to the International Monetary Fund , whose tender ministrations during the 1997-98 financial crisis have not been forgotten or forgiven .
The crisis is not yet forgotten , but the window is closing .
It is often half-jokingly pointed out that the number of generals and admirals in some European countries -LRB- none mentioned , none forgotten -RRB- is glaringly disproportionate to the number of fighting troops .
Indeed , it is here that Russia 's renewed confrontation with the West begins , because the new Europe is based on the principle of the inviolability of boundaries , peaceful conflict resolution , and the rule of law , so to forgo this principle for the benefit of imperial zones of influence would amount to self-abandonment .
It must never be forgotten that the EU is a project designed for mutual economic progress .
Although Ukraine is in big economic and social trouble , it should not be forgotten that it has , until today , been saved from the fate of becoming a `` guided '' democracy in the Russian mold .
America is fighting three wars in this region : in Iraq and Afghanistan , and -- not to be forgotten ! -- the `` war on terror '' against Al Qaeda and its offshoots , a war that is closely linked to the interests and conflicts within this large region .
And that will not be forgotten in the region , in the UN , or among Germany 's friends .
These institutions are particularly worthy of imitation by other commodity-exporting countries , in order to defeat the so-called `` natural-resource curse . '' Even advanced countries such as the US and UK could learn something from Chile , given that in the last expansion they evidently forgot how to run countercyclical fiscal policy .
Perhaps the G-20 will be a venue in which the big emerging-market countries remind the US and the UK of the lesson they once knew but have now forgotten -- what it means to run a countercyclical fiscal policy .
If the neo-liberal Washington Consensus has been forgotten , perhaps it was n't because its tenets were misguided , but because the world offered an opportunity to realize the most important of them without having to suffer the humiliation of a shrinking economy .
Indeed , South Asia , with deeper regional disparities than the rest of the world , is really two South Asia 's . A lot of attention has been given to the `` Shining Asia , '' while the `` Suffering Asia '' has been forgotten .
The euro demonstrates that century old rivalries among nation states can be overcome and forgotten when citizens can move across borders to do business with one another more easily .
Many of the lessons learned in Rwanda were forgotten or ignored as smaller NGOs with little or no experience in dealing with disasters caused much of the confusion .
Like post-Soviet Bourbons , Russia 's generals and diplomats have learned nothing and forgotten nothing .
Trade is the all-but-forgotten weapon in the battle against poverty , but it can provide more help to the poor than aid can .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
More troubling still is that Libya 's violence reveals certain features of the Middle East that had been forgotten after the heady success in Tunis and Cairo .
While these principles are probably well known to serious scientists , they are often forgotten when scientific information is disseminated .
The implicit tax from working another year and forgoing pension benefits can sometimes be close to a person 's net earnings during that year .
The lesson of the 2004 election , when poorer voters , fed up with the previous BJP-led government 's `` India Shining '' policies and slogans , threw it out of office , has not been forgotten .
None of these countries needs NATO , but the smell of PATO , CENTO , SEATO , and other long forgotten pacts and pseudo pacts is again in the air .
The Bourbons of Global Finance ANN ARBOR , MICHIGAN -- Today 's International Monetary Fund -LRB- and , to a lesser degree , the World Bank -RRB- recall Talleyrand 's description of France 's Bourbon kings : it has learned nothing and forgotten nothing .
Most states have chosen to forgo nuclear weapons , and have complied with their commitments under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Many Europeans have decided that it is better to keep their robust social welfare programs and forgo a common foreign and defense policy , which would require massive changes in the European way of life .
Have today 's Germans really forgotten that Europeanism is not the best alternative for Germany -- it is the only alternative ?
With that change , the banker 's traditional imperative to maintain fidelity and trust -- to `` keep faith , '' as Higginson put it -- was forgotten .
Indeed , we are increasingly confronted with outdated information taken out of context , from anachronistic news stories to emotional e-mails and compromising pictures that we had long ago forgotten .
Still , in perpetuating a partnership with the same breed of corrupt leaders that colluded with Africa 's previous invaders and exploiters , the Chinese have forgotten that Africans , albeit often their own worst enemies , have nonetheless gained the upper hand over their foes in the end .
Many clinical trauma theorists believe that combat , rape , and other terrifying experiences are seemingly engraved on the mind , never to be forgotten .
Some of our participants reported having forgotten episodes of nonviolent sexual abuse perpetrated by a trusted adult .
I have forgotten the details of their conversation , but I can still hear my grandmother 's sigh of relief when she said `` Thank God we lost that war ! ''
The likely outcome -- in typical European , consensus-driven fashion -- will be to forgo deadlines and concrete targets in favor of an ambiguous , open-ended pledge to undertake further pension reform .
At this crucial moment , we call on Europe to open itself toward Ukraine , a great European country whose needs and aspirations can not be forgotten in the process of constructing the new Europe .
But Gaza has become the land that time -- and the wider international community -- forgot .
The period when India was forgotten or an afterthought is at an end , and with it the period when India could forget about the world .
What is easily forgotten is that even the most theory-eager leaders of the time understood that ultimately , the protest movements that helped to define 1968 did n't come out of seminar-room discussions .
Any thought that the anti-terror coalition will be able to bail out fast -LRB- as the West did when it abandoned Afghanistan to its fate after the Soviet withdrawal ten years ago -RRB- should be forgotten .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
His crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten .
Even before the floodwaters of Katrina recede , Bush will need to focus on his Iraq conundrum , because long after Katrina has been forgotten , history will judge his presidency by how he resolves it .
In other words , in blaming the media for America 's problems , Rumsfeld forgot the first rule of marketing : if you have a poor product , not even the best advertising will sell it .
In September 2005 , it appeared momentarily that the talks had produced a rough agreement that North Korea would forgo its nuclear program in return for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
Anticipating a skeptical public reaction when Singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007 , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong announced that he would forgo the raise himself .
In September 2005 , it fleetingly appeared that the talks had led North Korea to agree to forgo its nuclear program in exchange for security guarantees and removal of sanctions .
The CPC 's poor showing in the North 's parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region 's influential conservative politicians , whom Buhari took on when , as an army general , he toppled the Second Republic in a bloodless coup in December 1983 , have neither forgiven nor forgotten .
We have forgotten those days .
Have we forgotten so readily the repugnance with which we discovered the dishonesty and extravagance that helped to wreck our prosperity in the West ?
Likewise , there are hard-line Jews , such as the settler groups who drive Palestinians from their homes in East Jerusalem and Hebron , who have forgotten the early teachings of Jewish scholars who argued that strangers should be treated like your own people .
The economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff have studied centuries of sovereign-debt crises , and remind us that today 's developed world has a forgotten history of sovereign default .
In the middle of a religious healing rite , however , Hugo Chávez was more pacific -- and forgot about the PSUV altogether : `` Let us place ourselves in God 's hands in order to avoid violence in Venezuela . ''
Of course -- indeed , above all -- in such circumstances the immense investments needed to overcome underdevelopment and the disabilities that it entails are increasingly forgotten by the world of international finance .
They forgot that there were many other models that led in radically different directions .
Whatever the scenario that ends the calm , today 's age of low volatility will seem like a distant dream to most of us -- and a forgotten nightmare for ambitious financial traders .
Of course , if we could guarantee rapid and universal economic growth , democracy 's other weaknesses would probably be forgotten .
Unlike the Chinese , the Bank has too often forgotten the most basic lessons of development , preferring to lecture the poor and force them to privatize basic infrastructure , rather than to help the poor to invest in infrastructure and other crucial sectors .
What followed was one of the worst massacres in human history , now all but forgotten by the international community .
Having acquiesced in the genocide , the international community has conveniently forgotten it , and no Pakistani official has ever been brought to justice .
The program has practically been forgotten , and will expire next year unless it is renewed .
A basic fact is often forgotten : the modern construction industry is quite capable of building vast numbers of fine modern homes , including units in high-rise buildings , at costs far below the prices of homes in many urban areas today .
Why are fish the forgotten victims on our plate ?
Ludwig Erhard 's liberal economic approach worked and the socialist ideas found in the party programs of the Social Democrats and Christian Democrats were forgotten .
That means forgoing some government services .
Investments at home may offer much higher returns , but forgoing them is the price developing countries pay for a safe hedge against the pitfalls of global capitalism .
When everything went well , these worries were forgotten .
The euro was an interesting experiment , but , like the almost-forgotten exchange-rate mechanism -LRB- ERM -RRB- that preceded it and fell apart when speculators attacked the British pound in 1992 , it lacks the institutional support required to make it work .
That they now looked with disfavor at Tunisia 's move from authoritarianism to democracy does not redound to their credit -- and should never be forgotten .
America , the richest country in the world , clearly had the resources to evacuate New Orleans . Bush simply forgot the poor -- the tens , perhaps hundreds of thousands , who simply did not have the resources to pay for their own evacuation .
In its rush to have westerners buy the banks , the IMF forgot one detail : to ensure that South Korea could recapture at least a fraction of those gains through taxation .
As Africa and its partners navigate the financial storm together , we must ensure that the most vulnerable are not forgotten .
Though there was no serious challenger to his authority , Nehru never forgot that he derived his power from India 's people , to whom he remained astonishingly accessible .
In the heat of the campaign for the referendum , I think we forgot to ask how replacing the old constitution would change our lives .
The iron laws of evolution governed their survival , and those who could n't compete died early and were soon forgotten .
The tragic consequences of eleventh-hour attempts to save the Shah in Iran should not be forgotten .
Unlike those with physical illnesses , mentally ill individuals often are unaware -- even vehemently deny -- that they have a problem , thus forgoing treatment and losing desperately needed disability benefits .
Indeed , they now appear to have forgotten their role in hampering the DPJ 's effort to create an effective political coordinating body for the country .
