The Rapid Reaction Force , it is said , should be capable of fulfilling the so-called `` Petersberg '' tasks .
Authority to build coalitions , push governments to fulfill deadlines , generate support or take the blame for failure must come from that traditional source of leadership , the nation state .
But their commitment to Europe 's military revolution is bound to move them closer to fulfilling them .
Turkey 's bureaucrats , politicians , and citizens united to fulfill the Copenhagen criteria for EU membership and tolerated the pain of the IMF-directed structural-adjustment programs .
Because of the tenacity and passion of ordinary Chileans demanding that the state fulfill its mandate to protect their human rights , Pinochet finds himself before the bar of justice , and others who used their power to kill , torture , or exile their fellow citizens are being pursued .
Brazil also is finally fulfilling its great potential .
He can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
It imbues the Palestinian cause with a positive ethos of nation - and state-building by superseding Palestinian nationalism 's diaspora-centered preoccupations -- and thereby transcending the paralyzing obsession with a never-fulfilled vindication of rights and justice .
War threats in the Middle East should never be dismissed as hollow . Prophecies of war , moreover , have too frequently proven themselves to be self-fulfilling .
For Israel , recovering Shalit was its way to uphold an ethos of unity in times of war , and to fulfill the army 's promise to its conscripts -LRB- and their families -RRB- that no soldier , dead or alive , would ever be left behind . The message was that Israel must remain mobilized and alert in a hostile environment , and that its survival depends on the cohesion of its citizens ' army , as well as on solidarity with those sent into battle .
Short-term contracts become a self-fulfilling prophecy , insofar as training is not provided on the job , and hence such workers are less productive and more vulnerable to shocks .
Having announced that he would end his professional career with the World Cup , Zidane had his wish fulfilled .
But fulfilling the ostensible rationale for this seemingly interminable spending orgy -- success in the so-called `` war on terror '' -- does not seem anywhere within reach .
The standard for admission should not be a country 's mere existence , but its fulfillment of certain criteria of democratic governance .
Have they fulfilled their promises to bring about greater equality , reduce poverty , and strengthen democracy ?
Their resilience is important , because market fears of instability often become a self-fulfilling prophecy .
However , in order to fulfill that promise , the industrialized world must give Africa a chance through the emerging international carbon market .
Although this represents a small fraction of the effort needed from industrialized countries to fulfill the Kyoto Protocol 's goals by 2012 , it would help significantly in improving forest and land use in Africa .
Continuous talk of a `` Sunni-Shia divide '' might ultimately develop into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
One of the late Pope John Paul II 's unfulfilled dreams was to visit Moscow and forge a rapprochement with the Orthodox Church .
The Obama administration , struggling to fulfill its own promises of change , should be more understanding of its Japanese counterpart .
Nevertheless , profound economic and political transformation in Latin America has masked a deep disparity between reforms and reality -- indeed , between hopes and their fulfillment .
Based on internal documents from the Mexican and US governments , countless interviews , and a survey of much of the existing literature on the subject , Ex-Mex seeks to fulfill three purposes .
But in an already polarized environment , an Ortega-Bush standoff is nothing more than a self-fulfilling prophecy .
When an economy is operating efficiently , expectations are largely fulfilled ; desires , resources , and production technology are well matched ; and people are reasonably satisfied with their plans , relations , and contracts .
The United Nations Security Council has authorized the International Security Assistance Force to take all necessary measures to fulfill its mandate .
The accession countries of East Central Europe all fulfilled the criteria ; Turkey is now following their example .
Still , they do fulfill a useful function by bundling interests and issues , thereby providing an element of stability in the political system .
Avoid overly optimistic projections that lead to unworkable plans and unreasonable expectations , which the government will not be able to fulfill , as happened in Guatemala , for example , when its civil war ended .
Likewise , the US could have fulfilled its normal role as the conductor of the international economic orchestra .
But , since the dawn of the Industrial Revolution , part of that system has been a central financial authority that preserves trust that contracts will be fulfilled and promises kept .
The problem could be solved once and for all if the ECB were willing to risk the following bargain with governments : if you liberalize product markets and make labor markets flexible , we will reduce interest rates and permit higher spending to fulfill the promise of near-full employment .
If the world is to have a decent economic recovery , an upturn will depend on America getting off its back and continuing to fulfill its role as global importer of last resort .
In December of 2002 , EU leaders committed the Union to start negotiations with Turkey on full membership , provided Turkey fulfilled the relevant criteria common to all candidate countries .
Turkey must , of course , fulfill the conditions common to all candidate countries , measured in a fair and reasonable manner .
But if it does fulfill these conditions , further hesitation by Europe will undermine all those who want to bring Turkey 's democratic transition to a successful conclusion .
Europe and Europeans can not wait for a new treaty to show that the Union is able to fulfill that promise .
He should begin by demanding that Burma 's government fulfill its responsibility to protect the country 's citizens and condemn the use of violence and repressive tactics .
Now , though , the global economic crisis is sapping developed countries ' shaky efforts to fulfill their commitments for official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- in order to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
But Fox needs to move quickly from self-congratulation to action , because Mexico needs a more fulfilling relationship with America than the scanty prizes that are now dropping from Bush 's piñata .
Re-Booting NATO-Russia Relations MOSCOW -- The crisis in Georgia last August tested Europe 's security system , and the system failed to fulfill its core task of ensuring common security for the continent as a whole .
The action taken by the EU in the course of the Georgian crisis proved that Europeans have such an aspiration and are willing to fulfill their role as a global player , which will become increasingly apparent in the coming years .
Indeed , even something like a self-fulfilling debt crisis is thinkable : if market participants believe that a default or an exit from EMU is imminent , this would drive up government bond yields for the country in question .
Today , they are , indeed , crammed with ads , fulfilling his wildest dreams .
More subtly , Microsoft can control expectations , which turn out to be self-fulfilling when network economies are substantial , as they are in software markets .
The vast majority of Latin America countries do not fulfill any of these requirements .
As investors place their bets , the balance sheets of Greek banks and the Greek government will deteriorate further , which could cause bearish expectations to become self-fulfilling .
To be fulfilled , you must be in touch with yourself .
What is new is the involvement of doctors in fulfilling this desire for self-transformation .
But few of Putin 's promises have been fulfilled .
The outer circles are the transition countries , while the rings around the center would be EU countries that still refuse to join the EMU , or do not yet fulfill all the conditions , like Romania and Bulgaria , or eventually the western Balkan countries and Turkey .
International supervision of Kosovo 's independence by a strong international civilian and military presence will be critical to ensure that it fulfills its obligations under the settlement proposal .
In the last three years , the United Nations Security Council has passed ten resolutions requiring the Sudanese government to change course and fulfill its obligation to protect its own people .
Such an agreement should be implemented gradually , and progress should depend on the parties ' fulfillment of their obligations each step of the way .
Otherwise , disputes about fulfillment of this or that provision will lead the entire process back into the familiar quicksand of Middle East futility .
Unfortunately , only the first part of this agreement was realized -LRB- though not completely -RRB- , while the second part still awaits fulfillment .
Turkey explains its refusal by the EU 's failure -LRB- as a result of a veto by the Greek Cypriot government in Nicosia -RRB- to fulfill its own promise to open up trade with Northern Cyprus , which is under Turkish rule .
The EU made these promises at the Council of Europe in December 2003 and formally at the Council of Foreign Ministers in April 2004 . But so far it has not fulfilled them .
And should things work out that way , this would be due more to a self-fulfilling prophecy on the West 's part than to Turkey 's policies .
President Barack Obama 's speech in Cairo two years ago created great expectations , but few or none have been fulfilled .
Early intervention is possible in a domestic legal system , but there is no international police force that could fulfill a similar function .
Iran could develop its civil nuclear program while remaining a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ; the IAEA would be able to fulfill its role as watchdog ; and perhaps confidence in Iranian intentions would slowly be restored .
Finally , incentives must be found to encourage pharmaceutical companies to develop drugs that fulfill the needs of patients still awaiting therapy .
The creation of that body was an important step , because it introduced a set of criteria that must be fulfilled by countries that want to call themselves democratic .
Uneducated women then have few alternatives , and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling , leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
But the settlers driven by a nationalist-religious ideology , devoted to the myth of a `` Great Israel '' and convinced that they are fulfilling the biblical dictate of repossessing the sacred land , will oppose evacuation .
The IMF is the only candidate for this task , but experience has shown that the Fund can fulfill this role only if its governance is reformed .
Even he acknowledges that this will require him to delay fulfilling several other campaign promises .
His appearance will come a week after Hans Blix and Mohammed al-Baradei -- the chiefs of the UN inspectors -- demonstrated their inability to fulfill their mandate .
If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver , then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us : as a projection of our fears and uncertainties , sexual desires , group and personal animosities , and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society .
But if the alternative view is right , America 's Treasury irresponsibly fueled bearish market expectations by bad-mouthing serious reform efforts and by denying the financial assistance that could have prevented them from becoming self-fulfilling .
We understood these as a condition whose fulfillment the International Olympic Committee would demand .
If the words of the Olympic Charter , stating that it is a goal of Olympism to `` place sport at the service of the harmonious development of man , with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity , '' are to be fulfilled , it is necessary for all Olympians to be able to learn about the real situation in China and to point out human rights violations freely whenever and wherever in line with their conscience .
Pushed to the wall in this way , many Palestinians are beginning to see no other option for fulfilling their national aspirations than radical tactics .
It would apply to everyone , regardless of nationality or statelessness , including refugees and asylum seekers , and it would place a positive obligation on states to `` promote and fulfill '' the right to equality .
According to the American scientist who was invited to see it , the facility , in contrast to the regime 's aging plutonium technology , appeared to be state-of-the-art , thus reinforcing the suspicion that North Korea has no genuine interest whatsoever in fulfilling its nuclear-disarmament responsibilities .
Although the US and Europe do have issues to resolve , there is a real danger that the portrayal of every possible event as heralding a new split will end up being self-fulfilling .
Countries tempted to undermine these principles by failing to fulfill their solemn commitments only demonstrate their own lack of solidarity .
In the end , South Korea was saved by coordinated forced rollovers of foreign banks ' lending -LRB- why not try that in Greece ? -RRB- , and Indonesia experienced financial meltdown , because the country could not fulfill much of the IMF 's conditionality .
I support my family and have achieved fulfillment in my career .
But this initial triumph of the PC -LRB- and very substantial sales in the 1980 's -RRB- did not immediately fulfill all the initial hopes for individual empowerment and social transformation .
Most people engaged in these activities would respond with answers like , `` because I like to '' or , `` because it fulfills me , '' if not , `` I feel obliged not to waste my talent . ''
The Israelis then explained to their hosts -- in considerable detail -- the potential economic consequences for China if an Israeli strike on Iran should become necessary in order to stop Iran from fulfilling its `` nuclear ambitions . ''
For the sake of the future of the people of the world 's oldest and largest democracies , let 's hope that an Obama presidency fulfills this hope .
For 63 years , the vast majority of India 's people have waited for this promise to be fulfilled .
Achieving these goals requires fulfilling several conditions .
With the exception of international terrorists and remnants of Saddam Hussein 's regime , almost everyone , including Iraqis who eye America 's occupying forces with suspicion , wish to see the task of rebuilding Iraq , both politically and materially , fulfilled .
Thus , its Self Defense Forces must continue fulfilling their duties of `` humanitarian and restoration efforts , '' while cooperating with Japan 's key ally , the US , as a member of an integrated multinational force under UN leadership .
By releasing Annadurdy Hadjiev from jail and withdrawing the threat of extradition to Turkmenistan , Bulgaria would unequivocally demonstrate its commitment to fulfilling its obligations .
Some of those hopes were fulfilled .
And if the two other conditions are fulfilled -- removal of political backing for radicalism and help for the desperate -- we will have a safer life not only in Afghanistan , but in Pakistan , India , and the rest of the world .
Tensions have also been on the rise since Ahmedinejad fulfilled his campaign promise to enforce Islamic strictures on social life .
And it will sink unless it fulfills its responsibility to act .
First , I urge all NPT parties , in particular the nuclear-weapon states , to fulfill their obligation under the treaty to undertake negotiations on effective measures leading to nuclear disarmament .
In today 's environment , fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- is more than a moral imperative . It is a matter of pragmatic economic necessity .
What is needed , instead , is a serious debate about the conditions that will allow Turkey to fulfill its transatlantic promise .
In attempting to fulfill these inconsistent pledges , government spending this year will reach an all-time high of ¥ 92.3 trillion .
Today , this promise remains unfulfilled .
That summit marks the moment to begin fulfilling President Putin 's call to subordinate foreign policy to Russia 's economic interests .
The promise of the euro -- that it would set off a competitive dynamic inside the euro-zone economy that would compel structural reform -- has yet to be fulfilled .
In view of the oppressive -- and unprecedented -- abundance of problems with which Obama is confronted at home and abroad , he will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations .
Obama must still fulfill his promises to celebrate with Palestinians their full membership of the UN this fall and to draw down its forces in Afghanistan .
Much will depend on how Abbas handles himself and how he governs . But the ultimate question is what Israel and the international community will do if Abbas fulfills his pledge to end anti-Israeli violence and apply the rule of law in a functioning democracy .
Because their currency pegs were adjustable -- and thus revocable -- the soaring interest rates and sustained market intervention needed to defend them merely fueled expectations of devaluation , which became self-fulfilling with a stampede on domestic bank deposits .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Only time can tell to what extent , and how fast , such promises will be fulfilled .
Indeed , the logic is self-fulfilling : as more foreign currency flows into the market , the economy will continue to overheat , necessitating further interest rate hikes .
In the current political climate , the more enlightened Russians would rather use their skills and talents for self-fulfillment abroad than be the driving force of Russia 's modernization .
What is most tragic is that when leaders meet in Copenhagen this December , they will embrace more of the same solution : promises of even more drastic emission reductions that , once again , are unlikely to be fulfilled .
If all of the bill 's many provisions were entirely fulfilled , economic models show that it would reduce the temperature by the end of the century by 0.11 ° C -LRB- 0.2 ° F -RRB- -- reducing warming by less than 4 % .
Should they continue with plans to make carbon-cutting promises that are unlikely to be fulfilled ?
This finding was based on a groundbreaking research paper that showed that even a highly efficient global CO2 tax aimed at fulfilling the ambitious goal of keeping temperature increases below 2oC would reduce annual world GDP by a staggering 12.9 % , or $ 40 trillion , in 2100 .
Nearly a year and a half on , there are signs of progress toward fulfilling the commitments to Africa 's development made by world leaders and committed campaigners .
I now had a good apartment and a certain salary , so Irving Howe 's conditions for life in the city were fulfilled .
Deposit insurance did away with financial panics because bank runs are typically driven by a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Hatoyama has hastily attempted to fulfill the DPJ 's party manifesto and his own public pledges . This includes terminating replenishment support for the US-led interdiction operation in the Indian Ocean , reducing host-nation support to US forces based in Japan , and revising the bilateral status-of-force agreement .
Only then could they fulfill the dream of a common African identity and the establishment of a United States of Africa .
But its potential can be fulfilled only if regulatory oversight is based on science , sound risk analysis , and an appreciation of the mistakes of history .
But to treat this setback as a failure would be a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Education gives people the skills to earn a living , to innovate , to invent , and to access culture -- all of which allows them to live more fulfilling lives .
It allows you to project yourself into the future , to fulfill or even transcend your capabilities .
The deep conviction that reform can only lead to revolution and chaos results in a stultification of reality that can lead to immobility and despair -- and thus become a dangerous and self-fulfilling prophecy .
If football and its culminating moment , the World Cup , has become the universal religion of the global age , this is above all because it fulfills , in a non-spiritual way , contradictory instincts in human nature .
It remains unclear whether or not that goal was fulfilled .
These doubts are even stronger among those who consider the ideals of a social Europe insufficiently fulfilled , owing to the right 's political dominance : control of 18 of 25 governments , the same number of European commissioners , and a majority in the European Parliament .
While such targets should be self-imposed by advanced countries , they should be allowed to fulfill their obligations , at least in part , by paying to reduce emissions in developing countries -LRB- where such efforts may yield greater benefits -RRB- .
This renewed sense of belonging to the same human family and the same moral universe resonated profoundly with Mediterranean Europeans , who found , in the claims and expectations emerging on the opposite shore , echoes of their own unfulfilled claims and expectations .
Italy did not fulfill another criterion as well , as its national currency , the lira , did not spend the mandatory two years inside the European Exchange Rate Mechanism .
Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations .
Under the banner of `` simplification , '' the `` how '' is gravitating towards outsourcing most of the implementation to agencies that are to be endowed , one hopes , with greater flexibility to fulfill their specific missions .
Kenya has suffered the inevitable democratic backsliding , the continued corruption , and the unfulfilled reform agendas that remain persistent themes elsewhere on the continent .
Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy .
The greatest danger is that an escalating fear of enmity in the three countries becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy .
In his first weeks in office , he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan , ordering the closure of the Guantánamo Bay prison , promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy , giving an interview to Al Arabiya , and sending a top emissary to the Middle East .
Mr. Zhu told the assembled Communist leadership that he had fulfilled the first promise : many of China 's public corporations had become profitable private entities or had been shut down .
Jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest , beating Muhammadu Buhari of the CPC , who enjoyed broad support in the north ; he also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states .
Ultimately , it is government 's responsibility to respect , protect , and fulfill human rights .
Whereas political stasis supported a development miracle in Japan , the inertia created by Turkey 's self-interested establishment resulted in a discouraged society with unfulfilled expectations .
If we are not serious about upgrading our industrial structure , we will fail when it comes time to fulfill our commitments to cut emissions .
Clear EU benchmarks and targets for reform will help , but it is now up to the AKP government to show the necessary political will to fulfill its membership obligations .
The time has now come for the EU to assess Turkey 's progress on these issues and for Turkey to fulfill its obligations .
So on May 1 , 2004 , when the dream of expansion is fulfilled , there will likely be little jubilation on either side of Europe .
The firms earn cap-and-trade carbon credits to fulfill their Kyoto requirements .
And without better intelligence and backing from the UN Security Council to impose significant , timely , and certain penalties on nuclear violators , the IAEA will have difficulty in fulfilling its security mandate .
Still , the accord never fulfilled its disarmament objective .
He was a philosopher in the same sense that Socrates was : a thinker who questioned what others take for granted , and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior , yet also more fulfilling .
It must first fulfill the clear political criteria defined by the EU in Copenhagen ten years ago .
Fear feeds on itself , and the prediction that stocks will lose value becomes self-fulfilling .
Confidence is a self-fulfilling prophecy , and we can , and should , manage it by direct intervention in asset markets .
Prosecuting that decision would have inflamed suspicions of an anti-Serbian plot ; choosing not to prosecute would have incited countervailing charges that the Tribunal was not fulfilling its mandate .
Yet the Declaration 's enlightened vision of individual freedom , social protection , economic opportunity and duty to community is still unfulfilled .
While gross inequalities between rich and poor persist , we can not claim to be making adequate progress toward fulfilling the ambitions set down 60 years ago .
Where social ministries are under-resourced , disempowered , or lack qualified staff , basic rights to adequate health care , education , and housing will remain unfulfilled .
Both the Palestinians and the Israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead : For the Palestinians , the anger about individual events -- the civilian casualties , injuries and destruction in Gaza following from military attacks , the blockade , the continued construction of the Wall outside of the 1967 borders -- feed into an underlying anger about the continuing Israeli occupation , its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination .
Indeed the only serious risk from the Doha round 's `` failure '' is that rich countries would take their own rhetoric seriously and react in unproductive ways that prove self-fulfilling .
On one side is the danger that today 's alarmism will prove self-fulfilling -- that trade officials and investors will turn the doomsday scenario into reality by panicking .
In fact , neither expectation was fulfilled .
The sooner Germany fulfills its side of the bargain , the better it will be for everyone .
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
By standing aside and discounting the European approach from the outset , America is merely helping to bring about a self-fulfilling prophecy .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Official resources currently are sufficient to bail out Greece , Ireland , and Portugal , but not to prevent a self-fulfilling run on the short-term sovereign and financial liabilities of Spain and other potentially distressed eurozone members .
Until then , markets will keep pressure on sovereign spreads , making a self-fulfilling crisis likely .
Indeed , inaction in Iraq will not only postpone the inevitable reckoning with the past ; it may prolong the past , as unfulfilled demands for justice fuel frustration , resentment , and support for extremist leaders and authoritarian solutions .
To fulfill international justice today , we need a new kind of World Court , open to other voices .
And , in Israel , fulfilling it will be no small achievement .
From time to time , US public sentiment has opposed playing an active role in the world and fulfilling our commitments to allies -- and , indeed , to the cause of freedom .
As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked , `` Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin , Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist . ''
Of course , aid should be directed to specific needs -- for example , malaria control , food production , safe drinking water , and sanitation -- whose fulfillment can be measured and monitored to resist corruption .
Unfortunately , like so many other international agreements , the Convention on Biological Diversity remains essentially unknown , un-championed , and unfulfilled .
Though the G-8 had made a clear promise , there was no plan on how to fulfill it ; indeed , there were clear instructions that there would be no such plan .
We must ensure that all countries adopt a verifiable strategy for environmentally sound technology , and that rich countries fulfill the Bali Action Plan 's promise to provide `` financial and other incentives '' to enable poor countries to adopt the new technologies .
In effect , the G-8 fulfilled only half of its promise to Africa -- roughly $ 15 billion in increased aid rather than $ 30 billion .
These supporters also argue , with some justice , that Argentina 's crisis results in part from a self - fulfilling prophesy among creditors .
But something more than bad luck and self-fulfilling prophecies are at work .
This fatalistic vision is tragic and could become a self-fulfilling nightmare .
But no practical steps towards membership took place as Europe regularly - and rightly - pointed out that Turkey had failed to fulfill many conditions for membership , especially in regard to respect for human rights and the rule of law .
Nothing would be wiser for the world 's rich countries than to fulfill their pledges to the world 's poor , hungry and disease-ridden peoples .
2005 is the year that words can become reality , and that the world can begin to fulfill its hopes for our new millennium .
Tony Blair is right to call on his rich-country colleagues to follow through on their unfulfilled promises .
What 's more , Mousavi and Karroubi , perhaps chastened in part by the unfulfilled promises and excesses of the Islamic Revolution -- are seemingly in no hurry to see abrupt change .
This means that he will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised him to power , not in a symbolic sense , but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if he does not .
If Europe is to fulfill its role as a major global actor , its scope can not be limited to that of a large common market .
The administration seems bent on herding adversaries together -- transforming Samuel Huntington 's `` clash-of-civilizations '' dystopia into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Expectations become self-fulfilling , oil prices rise , a speculative bubble is born .
Living a long time is one of our deepest wishes , and medical and economic progress offers the hope that it will be fulfilled .
As a result , private companies do not offer life annuities at attractive rates , because they can not be reasonably sure that they can fulfill their promises unless they are significantly overcapitalized .
But the proposal from the IMF is an important step , because it deals with the essential problem that we are confronting right now : fears about the future of the economy become a self-fulfilling prophesy .
And loss of confidence , by discouraging consumption and investment , can be a self-fulfilling prophecy , causing the economic weakness that is feared .
Even so , whether people choose to marry or not , whether they are heterosexual or homosexual , even whether they pay to fulfill their erotic fantasies or have fantasies they can fulfill at no cost , tells us little about whether they are good people who can be trusted with high office -- unless , of course , they say one thing while doing another .
Treating depression is often , if not always , effective , and without it , those who suffer from depression can not live happy , fulfilling lives .
Silent giving will not change a culture that deems it sensible to spend all your money on yourself and your family , rather than to help those in greater need -- even though helping others is likely to bring more fulfillment in the long run .
Even if it does not fulfill the anarchist dream of ending repressive government , we are still only beginning to grasp the extent of what it will do to the way we live .
Then , as an incentive to fulfill your commitment , you can decide on a penalty that you must pay if you fail .
At that point , we will face another moral imperative , one that will be even more difficult to fulfill : expanding Internet access beyond the less than 30 % of the world 's population that currently has it .
The commitments of single countries like Germany to over-fulfill their duties are useless .
In fact , elites everywhere have always lived by this injunction , and ordinary people have not minded very much , provided that the elites fulfill their part of the bargain : protect the country against its enemies and improve living conditions .
The full competition and information requirements ensure that all contracts are uncoerced -LRB- there is no monopoly power -RRB- and all expectations are fulfilled , i.e. , people get what they want .
In what economists later called the `` repressed '' financial system , retail banks fulfilled the necessary function of financial intermediation without taking on suicidal risks , while the government kept aggregate demand high enough to maintain a full-employment level of investment .
Instead , its democratic goals were to be fulfilled by a compromise with the authorities .
Indeed , for the next five to ten years , Russia will be able to fulfill its gas contracts in Europe only by monopolizing exports of gas to Europe from Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan .
Israel 's concern that the region will grow more hostile will become a self-fulfilling prophecy if new democracies see the Israeli government impeding steps toward a viable and just solution .
But once they do , their actions soon become a self-fulfilling prophecy .
But the initiative can not fulfill its great promise as long as it stays within the Brussels bureaucracy .
Today , however , the EU must take the initiative and offer incentives ; concessions could then be withdrawn if expectations are not fulfilled .
There is a bow to diplomacy in the assurance that fulfilling this mission `` is not primarily the task of arms , though we will defend our friends and ourselves by force of arms when necessary . ''
The bill submitted to Congress even had language in it that would exempt the secretary 's decisions from review by any court or administrative agency - the ultimate fulfillment of the Bush administration 's dream of a unitary executive .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
It may also provide an economic springboard for another two billion people to fulfill their aspirations in the coming decades .
By concentrating on their specific comparative advantages in line with clearly defined mandates , both institutions will fulfill their tasks more efficiently .
Finally , adequate representation and the right of each member to have a say in the Fund is a prerequisite of the legitimacy that the IMF needs to fulfill its global role .
Needless to say , the IMF program did not fulfill its commitments .
Developed countries could use some of the revenues generated to fulfill their obligations to help the developing countries in terms of adaptation and to compensate them for maintaining forests , which provide a global public good through carbon sequestration .
Worse , the bankers are now back at their desks , earning bonuses that amount to more than most workers hope to earn in a lifetime , while young people who studied hard and played by the rules see no prospects for fulfilling employment .
At this point , the IMF castigates the country for failing to fulfill its commitments .
With strong exports , it should have no problem meeting its debt obligations , so long as interest rates do not soar to levels that turn a problem into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Had the Bush administration fulfilled its commitments , Americans taxpayers would have benefited from the elimination of huge agricultural subsidies -- a real boon in this era of yawning budget deficits .
Meanwhile , many more of the unemployed now have to demonstrate that they are `` deserving '' of unemployment assistance , which is increasingly given on a discretionary basis , contingent on fulfillment of specified behavioral obligations .
But the hope that this would ensure greater stability has been unfulfilled .
But Berlusconi 's leadership is based on his skill as a communicator -LRB- which declines as expectations go unfulfilled -RRB- more than on his skill as a mediator among squabbling allies .
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
This is not to imply that IOR-ARC has yet fulfilled its potential in the decade that it has existed .
NEW DELHI -- The target date for fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals is 2015 , and the world knows it is not on course to meet those goals .
Indeed , building human-resource capacity is itself a useful way of fulfilling Goal 8 .
Developing countries , too , have made serious commitments to their own people , and the primary responsibility for fulfilling those commitments is theirs .
With such endorsements , however , expectations are high , and India 's government will have to think about how they can best be fulfilled .
Annan named a high-level panel of eminent persons to look into issues of peace and security , while a parallel group of economists , led by Jeffrey Sachs , studied what was needed to fulfill the development commitments made by world leaders at the Millennium Summit in 2000 . In March , Annan synthesized their key recommendations in a report entitled In Larger Freedom .
This would mean that the EBRD could invest up to ¤ 10 billion annually over the next five years , enabling us to continue to fulfill our role , providing vital backing and financial support to Eastern Europe and the private sector .
To fulfill the new constitution 's great promise , we will need to change a culture that fosters corruption .
Upon entry , they will become members of the European Central Bank , which means that the new members are expected to take active steps towards fulfilling the necessary conditions for future admission into the eurozone .
It is also appropriate for an economy where goods and services fulfill people 's needs and where products compete on their technical or functional features .
Turkey is committed to NATO , and its military budget more or less fulfills NATO 's defense-spending criterion of 2 % of GDP .
The National School Board is , in principle , instructed to approve an application if the proposed school is likely to fulfill the national goals and has a solid financial base .
Unlike in Tunisia , Europeans and Americans should increase the pressure on Egypt 's leaders -- primarily the military at this stage -- to start fulfilling the regime 's promises of political reform .
In Argentina , economists sold politicians on two dreams that could not be fulfilled .
Even politicians liked this theory , since they could blame the monetary straightjacket for some of their unfulfilled promises .
Roughly $ 54 million in IDB loans for water infrastructure in Haiti , home to literally the world 's worst water , offered a proven path to preventing deadly water-borne diseases . Designed to assist in fulfilling the right to water in the most impoverished nation in the Western Hemisphere , these loans and the lives they could have saved instead have become pawns in a deliberate political power play .
Trading on the momentum of price movements may then become a rational activity that becomes self-fulfilling , as investors decide to `` ride the bubble '' while it lasts .
Traditionally , successful Chinese businessmen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments -LRB- xinyong -RRB- , the gradual development of sentiments -LRB- ganqing -RRB- with customers and suppliers , and the ability to build on networks of relationships -LRB- guanxi -RRB- that are often based on common origin or kinship .
The EU has also encountered difficulties in fulfilling its pledged financial assistance to the existing AU force in Darfur .
A major peacekeeping operation in Darfur would likely produce a similar situation : protracted uncertainties regarding the region 's future political status , impeded socioeconomic development , persistently diverging expectations among the conflicting parties , unresolved tensions resulting from non-fulfillment of these expectations , and the likelihood of renewed violence should the foreign intervention force withdraw .
Whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning , with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions , the NPR presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them .
This constrains the number of nuclear weapon states , thus fulfilling one of the NPT 's most important goals .
For too long , the world 's oldest and largest democracies have failed to fulfill the promise of their relationship .
And , most significantly when it comes to assessing the ease of integration over time , they fully expect their kids to be completely , unhesitantly `` American '' -- a promise that , by and large , is readily fulfilled .
The history that they learn about their new home illustrates how the US fulfills -LRB- or falls short of -RRB- those ideals , whereas an immigrant schoolchild in Europe learns less about ideals and more about a monarchical lineage , a set of historical events , and a roster of `` great men . ''
It is essential to realize that fiscal policy fulfills two very different tasks .
Developed countries should also fulfill their obligations under the Convention to provide financial support and technology transfer to enable developing countries to effectively tackle climate change .
