The Rapid Reaction Force , it is said , should be capable of fulfilling the so-called `` Petersberg '' tasks .
But their commitment to Europe 's military revolution is bound to move them closer to fulfilling them .
Brazil also is finally fulfilling its great potential .
He can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
War threats in the Middle East should never be dismissed as hollow . Prophecies of war , moreover , have too frequently proven themselves to be self-fulfilling .
Short-term contracts become a self-fulfilling prophecy , insofar as training is not provided on the job , and hence such workers are less productive and more vulnerable to shocks .
But fulfilling the ostensible rationale for this seemingly interminable spending orgy -- success in the so-called `` war on terror '' -- does not seem anywhere within reach .
Their resilience is important , because market fears of instability often become a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Continuous talk of a `` Sunni-Shia divide '' might ultimately develop into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
But in an already polarized environment , an Ortega-Bush standoff is nothing more than a self-fulfilling prophecy .
But Fox needs to move quickly from self-congratulation to action , because Mexico needs a more fulfilling relationship with America than the scanty prizes that are now dropping from Bush 's piñata .
Indeed , even something like a self-fulfilling debt crisis is thinkable : if market participants believe that a default or an exit from EMU is imminent , this would drive up government bond yields for the country in question .
Today , they are , indeed , crammed with ads , fulfilling his wildest dreams .
More subtly , Microsoft can control expectations , which turn out to be self-fulfilling when network economies are substantial , as they are in software markets .
As investors place their bets , the balance sheets of Greek banks and the Greek government will deteriorate further , which could cause bearish expectations to become self-fulfilling .
What is new is the involvement of doctors in fulfilling this desire for self-transformation .
And should things work out that way , this would be due more to a self-fulfilling prophecy on the West 's part than to Turkey 's policies .
Uneducated women then have few alternatives , and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling , leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
But the settlers driven by a nationalist-religious ideology , devoted to the myth of a `` Great Israel '' and convinced that they are fulfilling the biblical dictate of repossessing the sacred land , will oppose evacuation .
Even he acknowledges that this will require him to delay fulfilling several other campaign promises .
But if the alternative view is right , America 's Treasury irresponsibly fueled bearish market expectations by bad-mouthing serious reform efforts and by denying the financial assistance that could have prevented them from becoming self-fulfilling .
Pushed to the wall in this way , many Palestinians are beginning to see no other option for fulfilling their national aspirations than radical tactics .
According to the American scientist who was invited to see it , the facility , in contrast to the regime 's aging plutonium technology , appeared to be state-of-the-art , thus reinforcing the suspicion that North Korea has no genuine interest whatsoever in fulfilling its nuclear-disarmament responsibilities .
Although the US and Europe do have issues to resolve , there is a real danger that the portrayal of every possible event as heralding a new split will end up being self-fulfilling .
The Israelis then explained to their hosts -- in considerable detail -- the potential economic consequences for China if an Israeli strike on Iran should become necessary in order to stop Iran from fulfilling its `` nuclear ambitions . ''
Achieving these goals requires fulfilling several conditions .
Thus , its Self Defense Forces must continue fulfilling their duties of `` humanitarian and restoration efforts , '' while cooperating with Japan 's key ally , the US , as a member of an integrated multinational force under UN leadership .
By releasing Annadurdy Hadjiev from jail and withdrawing the threat of extradition to Turkmenistan , Bulgaria would unequivocally demonstrate its commitment to fulfilling its obligations .
In today 's environment , fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- is more than a moral imperative . It is a matter of pragmatic economic necessity .
That summit marks the moment to begin fulfilling President Putin 's call to subordinate foreign policy to Russia 's economic interests .
Because their currency pegs were adjustable -- and thus revocable -- the soaring interest rates and sustained market intervention needed to defend them merely fueled expectations of devaluation , which became self-fulfilling with a stampede on domestic bank deposits .
Indeed , the logic is self-fulfilling : as more foreign currency flows into the market , the economy will continue to overheat , necessitating further interest rate hikes .
This finding was based on a groundbreaking research paper that showed that even a highly efficient global CO2 tax aimed at fulfilling the ambitious goal of keeping temperature increases below 2oC would reduce annual world GDP by a staggering 12.9 % , or $ 40 trillion , in 2100 .
Nearly a year and a half on , there are signs of progress toward fulfilling the commitments to Africa 's development made by world leaders and committed campaigners .
Deposit insurance did away with financial panics because bank runs are typically driven by a self-fulfilling prophecy .
But to treat this setback as a failure would be a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Education gives people the skills to earn a living , to innovate , to invent , and to access culture -- all of which allows them to live more fulfilling lives .
The deep conviction that reform can only lead to revolution and chaos results in a stultification of reality that can lead to immobility and despair -- and thus become a dangerous and self-fulfilling prophecy .
Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy .
The greatest danger is that an escalating fear of enmity in the three countries becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy .
And without better intelligence and backing from the UN Security Council to impose significant , timely , and certain penalties on nuclear violators , the IAEA will have difficulty in fulfilling its security mandate .
He was a philosopher in the same sense that Socrates was : a thinker who questioned what others take for granted , and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior , yet also more fulfilling .
Fear feeds on itself , and the prediction that stocks will lose value becomes self-fulfilling .
Confidence is a self-fulfilling prophecy , and we can , and should , manage it by direct intervention in asset markets .
Prosecuting that decision would have inflamed suspicions of an anti-Serbian plot ; choosing not to prosecute would have incited countervailing charges that the Tribunal was not fulfilling its mandate .
While gross inequalities between rich and poor persist , we can not claim to be making adequate progress toward fulfilling the ambitions set down 60 years ago .
Indeed the only serious risk from the Doha round 's `` failure '' is that rich countries would take their own rhetoric seriously and react in unproductive ways that prove self-fulfilling .
On one side is the danger that today 's alarmism will prove self-fulfilling -- that trade officials and investors will turn the doomsday scenario into reality by panicking .
By standing aside and discounting the European approach from the outset , America is merely helping to bring about a self-fulfilling prophecy .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Official resources currently are sufficient to bail out Greece , Ireland , and Portugal , but not to prevent a self-fulfilling run on the short-term sovereign and financial liabilities of Spain and other potentially distressed eurozone members .
Until then , markets will keep pressure on sovereign spreads , making a self-fulfilling crisis likely .
And , in Israel , fulfilling it will be no small achievement .
From time to time , US public sentiment has opposed playing an active role in the world and fulfilling our commitments to allies -- and , indeed , to the cause of freedom .
These supporters also argue , with some justice , that Argentina 's crisis results in part from a self - fulfilling prophesy among creditors .
But something more than bad luck and self-fulfilling prophecies are at work .
This fatalistic vision is tragic and could become a self-fulfilling nightmare .
This means that he will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised him to power , not in a symbolic sense , but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if he does not .
The administration seems bent on herding adversaries together -- transforming Samuel Huntington 's `` clash-of-civilizations '' dystopia into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Expectations become self-fulfilling , oil prices rise , a speculative bubble is born .
But the proposal from the IMF is an important step , because it deals with the essential problem that we are confronting right now : fears about the future of the economy become a self-fulfilling prophesy .
And loss of confidence , by discouraging consumption and investment , can be a self-fulfilling prophecy , causing the economic weakness that is feared .
Treating depression is often , if not always , effective , and without it , those who suffer from depression can not live happy , fulfilling lives .
Israel 's concern that the region will grow more hostile will become a self-fulfilling prophecy if new democracies see the Israeli government impeding steps toward a viable and just solution .
But once they do , their actions soon become a self-fulfilling prophecy .
There is a bow to diplomacy in the assurance that fulfilling this mission `` is not primarily the task of arms , though we will defend our friends and ourselves by force of arms when necessary . ''
Worse , the bankers are now back at their desks , earning bonuses that amount to more than most workers hope to earn in a lifetime , while young people who studied hard and played by the rules see no prospects for fulfilling employment .
With strong exports , it should have no problem meeting its debt obligations , so long as interest rates do not soar to levels that turn a problem into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
NEW DELHI -- The target date for fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals is 2015 , and the world knows it is not on course to meet those goals .
Indeed , building human-resource capacity is itself a useful way of fulfilling Goal 8 .
Developing countries , too , have made serious commitments to their own people , and the primary responsibility for fulfilling those commitments is theirs .
Upon entry , they will become members of the European Central Bank , which means that the new members are expected to take active steps towards fulfilling the necessary conditions for future admission into the eurozone .
Unlike in Tunisia , Europeans and Americans should increase the pressure on Egypt 's leaders -- primarily the military at this stage -- to start fulfilling the regime 's promises of political reform .
Roughly $ 54 million in IDB loans for water infrastructure in Haiti , home to literally the world 's worst water , offered a proven path to preventing deadly water-borne diseases . Designed to assist in fulfilling the right to water in the most impoverished nation in the Western Hemisphere , these loans and the lives they could have saved instead have become pawns in a deliberate political power play .
Trading on the momentum of price movements may then become a rational activity that becomes self-fulfilling , as investors decide to `` ride the bubble '' while it lasts .
Traditionally , successful Chinese businessmen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments -LRB- xinyong -RRB- , the gradual development of sentiments -LRB- ganqing -RRB- with customers and suppliers , and the ability to build on networks of relationships -LRB- guanxi -RRB- that are often based on common origin or kinship .
The EU has also encountered difficulties in fulfilling its pledged financial assistance to the existing AU force in Darfur .
This constrains the number of nuclear weapon states , thus fulfilling one of the NPT 's most important goals .
