It imbues the Palestinian cause with a positive ethos of nation - and state-building by superseding Palestinian nationalism 's diaspora-centered preoccupations -- and thereby transcending the paralyzing obsession with a never-fulfilled vindication of rights and justice .
Having announced that he would end his professional career with the World Cup , Zidane had his wish fulfilled .
Have they fulfilled their promises to bring about greater equality , reduce poverty , and strengthen democracy ?
One of the late Pope John Paul II 's unfulfilled dreams was to visit Moscow and forge a rapprochement with the Orthodox Church .
When an economy is operating efficiently , expectations are largely fulfilled ; desires , resources , and production technology are well matched ; and people are reasonably satisfied with their plans , relations , and contracts .
The accession countries of East Central Europe all fulfilled the criteria ; Turkey is now following their example .
Likewise , the US could have fulfilled its normal role as the conductor of the international economic orchestra .
But , since the dawn of the Industrial Revolution , part of that system has been a central financial authority that preserves trust that contracts will be fulfilled and promises kept .
In December of 2002 , EU leaders committed the Union to start negotiations with Turkey on full membership , provided Turkey fulfilled the relevant criteria common to all candidate countries .
To be fulfilled , you must be in touch with yourself .
But few of Putin 's promises have been fulfilled .
The EU made these promises at the Council of Europe in December 2003 and formally at the Council of Foreign Ministers in April 2004 . But so far it has not fulfilled them .
President Barack Obama 's speech in Cairo two years ago created great expectations , but few or none have been fulfilled .
The creation of that body was an important step , because it introduced a set of criteria that must be fulfilled by countries that want to call themselves democratic .
If the words of the Olympic Charter , stating that it is a goal of Olympism to `` place sport at the service of the harmonious development of man , with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity , '' are to be fulfilled , it is necessary for all Olympians to be able to learn about the real situation in China and to point out human rights violations freely whenever and wherever in line with their conscience .
For 63 years , the vast majority of India 's people have waited for this promise to be fulfilled .
With the exception of international terrorists and remnants of Saddam Hussein 's regime , almost everyone , including Iraqis who eye America 's occupying forces with suspicion , wish to see the task of rebuilding Iraq , both politically and materially , fulfilled .
Some of those hopes were fulfilled .
And if the two other conditions are fulfilled -- removal of political backing for radicalism and help for the desperate -- we will have a safer life not only in Afghanistan , but in Pakistan , India , and the rest of the world .
Tensions have also been on the rise since Ahmedinejad fulfilled his campaign promise to enforce Islamic strictures on social life .
Today , this promise remains unfulfilled .
The promise of the euro -- that it would set off a competitive dynamic inside the euro-zone economy that would compel structural reform -- has yet to be fulfilled .
Only time can tell to what extent , and how fast , such promises will be fulfilled .
What is most tragic is that when leaders meet in Copenhagen this December , they will embrace more of the same solution : promises of even more drastic emission reductions that , once again , are unlikely to be fulfilled .
If all of the bill 's many provisions were entirely fulfilled , economic models show that it would reduce the temperature by the end of the century by 0.11 ° C -LRB- 0.2 ° F -RRB- -- reducing warming by less than 4 % .
Should they continue with plans to make carbon-cutting promises that are unlikely to be fulfilled ?
I now had a good apartment and a certain salary , so Irving Howe 's conditions for life in the city were fulfilled .
But its potential can be fulfilled only if regulatory oversight is based on science , sound risk analysis , and an appreciation of the mistakes of history .
It remains unclear whether or not that goal was fulfilled .
These doubts are even stronger among those who consider the ideals of a social Europe insufficiently fulfilled , owing to the right 's political dominance : control of 18 of 25 governments , the same number of European commissioners , and a majority in the European Parliament .
This renewed sense of belonging to the same human family and the same moral universe resonated profoundly with Mediterranean Europeans , who found , in the claims and expectations emerging on the opposite shore , echoes of their own unfulfilled claims and expectations .
Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations .
Kenya has suffered the inevitable democratic backsliding , the continued corruption , and the unfulfilled reform agendas that remain persistent themes elsewhere on the continent .
Mr. Zhu told the assembled Communist leadership that he had fulfilled the first promise : many of China 's public corporations had become profitable private entities or had been shut down .
Jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest , beating Muhammadu Buhari of the CPC , who enjoyed broad support in the north ; he also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states .
Whereas political stasis supported a development miracle in Japan , the inertia created by Turkey 's self-interested establishment resulted in a discouraged society with unfulfilled expectations .
So on May 1 , 2004 , when the dream of expansion is fulfilled , there will likely be little jubilation on either side of Europe .
Still , the accord never fulfilled its disarmament objective .
Yet the Declaration 's enlightened vision of individual freedom , social protection , economic opportunity and duty to community is still unfulfilled .
Where social ministries are under-resourced , disempowered , or lack qualified staff , basic rights to adequate health care , education , and housing will remain unfulfilled .
Both the Palestinians and the Israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead : For the Palestinians , the anger about individual events -- the civilian casualties , injuries and destruction in Gaza following from military attacks , the blockade , the continued construction of the Wall outside of the 1967 borders -- feed into an underlying anger about the continuing Israeli occupation , its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination .
In fact , neither expectation was fulfilled .
Indeed , inaction in Iraq will not only postpone the inevitable reckoning with the past ; it may prolong the past , as unfulfilled demands for justice fuel frustration , resentment , and support for extremist leaders and authoritarian solutions .
As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked , `` Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin , Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist . ''
Unfortunately , like so many other international agreements , the Convention on Biological Diversity remains essentially unknown , un-championed , and unfulfilled .
In effect , the G-8 fulfilled only half of its promise to Africa -- roughly $ 15 billion in increased aid rather than $ 30 billion .
Tony Blair is right to call on his rich-country colleagues to follow through on their unfulfilled promises .
What 's more , Mousavi and Karroubi , perhaps chastened in part by the unfulfilled promises and excesses of the Islamic Revolution -- are seemingly in no hurry to see abrupt change .
Living a long time is one of our deepest wishes , and medical and economic progress offers the hope that it will be fulfilled .
The full competition and information requirements ensure that all contracts are uncoerced -LRB- there is no monopoly power -RRB- and all expectations are fulfilled , i.e. , people get what they want .
In what economists later called the `` repressed '' financial system , retail banks fulfilled the necessary function of financial intermediation without taking on suicidal risks , while the government kept aggregate demand high enough to maintain a full-employment level of investment .
Instead , its democratic goals were to be fulfilled by a compromise with the authorities .
Today , however , the EU must take the initiative and offer incentives ; concessions could then be withdrawn if expectations are not fulfilled .
Had the Bush administration fulfilled its commitments , Americans taxpayers would have benefited from the elimination of huge agricultural subsidies -- a real boon in this era of yawning budget deficits .
But the hope that this would ensure greater stability has been unfulfilled .
But Berlusconi 's leadership is based on his skill as a communicator -LRB- which declines as expectations go unfulfilled -RRB- more than on his skill as a mediator among squabbling allies .
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
This is not to imply that IOR-ARC has yet fulfilled its potential in the decade that it has existed .
With such endorsements , however , expectations are high , and India 's government will have to think about how they can best be fulfilled .
In Argentina , economists sold politicians on two dreams that could not be fulfilled .
Even politicians liked this theory , since they could blame the monetary straightjacket for some of their unfulfilled promises .
And , most significantly when it comes to assessing the ease of integration over time , they fully expect their kids to be completely , unhesitantly `` American '' -- a promise that , by and large , is readily fulfilled .
