Whatever actions are taken to confront Hamas will undermine the Palestinian national project .
Indeed , the confrontation at the mosque followed the declaration of an Islamic Caliphate in Gaza , a flagrant rejection of Hamas 's authority .
But there is a growing sense that the waiting game can not last much longer . Whatever comes next will most likely come soon .
Whatever the corporate horror stories in US banks , almost no European investment bank remains , and Germany is seriously considering a state-owned `` bad bank '' to bail out its all-powerful banking giants .
As one columnist notably said , Israel has become `` the object of hate that dare not speak its name . ''
The Mufti of Jerusalem stated that `` it 's not my fault that Hitler hated the Jews , they hate them just about everywhere . ''
It is hard to love or respect a people and hate their state .
Every year , international reports on religious freedom point to such pressures on the Patriarchate with concern , and they are right to do so .
The first Turkish ruler to reign over the Ecumenical Patriarchate was Mehmed II , the Ottoman Sultan who conquered Constantinople in 1453 .
In line with the Islamic tradition of accepting the `` People of the Book , '' the young sultan granted amnesty to the patriarchate .
What the Turks remember , however , was the perceived `` treason '' of the other components of the empire , especially that of the Ecumenical Patriarchate . The latter had cheered the Greek armies when they invaded western Anatolia in 1919 .
When Mustafa Kemal Atatürk founded the Republic in 1923 , he defined the Patriarchate as `` a center of perfidy . ''
As an alternative , he promoted a rival `` Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate , '' which became a bastion of ultra-nationalist ideology .
-LRB- Some members of this artificial `` Patriarchate '' are currently on trial in the so-called Ergenekon case , a covert network of officers and civilians accused at conspiring to stage a military coup against the current Turkish government . -RRB-
The Ecumenical Patriarchate , as both a religious and `` non-Turkish '' institution , fits in neither category .
If one cause of the repression of the Ecumenical Patriarchate is nationalism , though , the other one is the other pillar of the Kemalist ideology : secularism .
The Ecumenical Patriarchate , as a foreign observer observes , only receives `` collateral damage . ''
Since Erdogan is a critic of Israel , Arab rulers can not say this openly . But Arab governments -- and their security services -- are beginning to ask themselves whether Turkey 's policies will undermine whatever internal stability their states possess .
Whatever formula is adopted , it is certain that Roma children should be afforded the same opportunities as other children .
Unlike workers or peasants , students include people from all levels of society , so whatever mobilizes them represents society 's focus at that time .
Whatever the rich ask of the CCP - land leases , low interest loans , violation of labor laws , environmental standards , contracts , and intellectual property - can be considered `` the demands of advanced productive forces . ''
For example , shareholders could direct that the corporation may not spend funds for certain types of political purposes , or that it must follow certain principles in allocating whatever budget is authorized .
Whatever portions of this ecosystem that the dams do n't submerge are certain to be disrupted in potentially disastrous ways .
For this reason , whatever fine , ringing pronouncement , do emerge from the Earth Summit , they are doomed to failure .
Hamas radicalism is not devoid of a political purpose -- to bury whatever remains of the two-state solution .
And , finally , after a mortal blow had been dealt to whatever remains of the peace process , and cemeteries in Israel and in devastated Gaza are again filled with new casualties , Israel would want to withdraw , and negotiate yet another ceasefire with ... the same Hamas .
Moreover , whatever monitoring is taking place is rarely followed by action .
Israel will most likely listen to America 's advice and consider a preemptive attack on Iran only after all diplomatic means have been exhausted , and after whatever sanctions are agreed upon fail to cut short Iran 's march toward possessing the bomb .
Whatever route is taken , the great question today concerns the enigma that is Bibi Netanyahu , a would-be Churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of Iran 's evil new Shia empire , something which requires the goodwill of the international community , particularly of the Obama administration .
Indeed , the only thing that seemed clear from the start of the European integration process was that the states involved - along with whatever new partner states they might pick up along the way - would continue wheeling and dealing to construct their ever more integrated polity .
Whatever decisions are taken , it is also clear that preparatory work must begin as soon as possible , and at least before the end of the year .
Whatever the shortcomings of such measures in economic-policy terms , the visa-fee-enhancement provision is de facto discriminatory , and thus violates WTO rules against discrimination between domestic and foreign firms , or between foreign firms from different WTO countries .
Unfortunately , major US media , including The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , have endorsed this deplorable assault on whatever non-discrimination remains in the world trading system .
The good news is that if we focus on clear , practical , and achievable goals , major reductions can be made in order to ensure that , whatever the precise interim target , the world will fashion a radical new approach within a manageable timeframe .
Whatever the provocation that led to Zidane 's behavior -LRB- probably a racial comment -RRB- , his violent act , seen around the world , has tarnished his image .
Policymakers will continue to throw whatever ammunition they can find at the problem , but it will take time for the deleveraging from the boom to run its course .
Since every dollar , euro , yen , rupee , or yuan borrowed today requires the same present value in future interest payments -- and therefore future taxes -- there are important long-term costs to balance against whatever benefits the deficits create today ; there is no fiscal free lunch .
Whatever the dubious temporary merits of reviving industrial policy in a deep recession , governments need an exit strategy before the programs become permanently entrenched and develop powerful rent-seeking constituencies .
People who live in a society they hate , amidst people they despise , can not contribute to a shared future .
Whatever the motivations of the various groups , a surge of militia attacks and kidnappings over the past several weeks has now shut down roughly 20 % of Nigeria 's oil exports and killed dozens of people .
Whatever the potential for a leftward shift this year in some Latin American countries , others , including Mexico , Chile , and Brazil , are clearly less vulnerable to the type of populist rule we 've seen in Venezuela and Bolivia .
Whatever critics at home and abroad may think , the `` surge '' that President Bush is planning for Iraq is more than a troop increase ; it is a new and high-risk regional strategy .
Despite the recent return to Russia of the icon of Our Lady of Kazan that once hung in John Paul 's bedroom , relations between the Vatican and the Patriarchate remain strained .
Whatever happens to the debt , Brazil 's democracy won big in this election .
Whatever the cause , the consequences remain deplorable .
What was needed was a bloody-minded romantic hero , willing to gamble the fate of his nation by fighting on , `` whatever the cost may be , '' in the words of Winston Churchill .
Whatever one thinks of laws against spreading hatred or insulting people , the law remains a blunt instrument when it came to matters of speech .
Whatever he did was not enough .
But if the elites are hated for causing our modern malaise , the Muslims are envied for still having faith , for knowing who they are , for having something that is worth dying for .
Clearly , then , whatever de Coubertin might have hoped , cosmopolitanism and cross-cultural brotherhood comes less naturally to human beings than the raw emotions of the tribe .
And it is why bullying Japan is always a good option : China 's rulers do not necessarily hate Japan , but they are afraid to look weak in the eyes of their citizens , who are taught from kindergarten that foreign powers want to humiliate China .
The greater the repression that religious parties face in secular police states , the more extreme their politics are likely to become . Whatever drives the extremism of Osama bin Laden , he would not have found so many willing recruits for his acts of mass murder if the regimes in Egypt , Saudi Arabia , or Algeria had been less oppressive and corrupt .
Like the new wave of populists worldwide , Wilders promises to take his country back for his followers , to stop immigration -LRB- especially of Muslims -RRB- , and to make the Netherlands Dutch again , whatever that means .
NEW YORK -- Ratko Mladi? is an easy man to hate .
That 's right , said another Turk within earshot , a fluent English speaker who spent much time in London , worked for NGOs promoting human rights , and was jailed in the 1980 's for opposing the military regime : `` I hate Europe . I 'm not European , and who needs Europe , anyway ? ''
In fact , the woman who protested that she hated Europe would still like very much to see Turkey in the EU .
But their writings and statements have been sufficiently hysterical and hateful to incite a person with an unbalanced mind .
Whatever happened between the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund and his accuser , the fact that he was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in France .
Whatever the merits -- and they are considerable -- of her arguments against the bigotry of Islamic or African customs , especially those concerning the treatment of women , she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind : the native resentment of foreigners , and Muslims in particular .
Brussels , the capital of the European Union , stands for everything populists , whether left or right , hate .
Both destroyed the Weimar Republic , acting as a kind of evil twins who hated each other , yet shared a common hatred of Christianity and democracy .
The election was not over policies , simplistic or not , such as war or peace , lower or higher taxes , more or less public spending , how to combat poverty or create jobs , to permit or prohibit capital punishment , abortion , gay marriage , or whatever .
In Guatemala , once again , President Oscar Berger was obviously proud to receive Bush , but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman , hateful Homeland Security raids by US law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants , exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation , on the eve of Bush 's visit , of nearly 300 Guatemalans working at a Massachussetts , military vest factory .
Stop building fences -- even if they do make good neighbors &#45; &#45; and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US . It 's hateful , needless , and futile : as Bush said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Everywhere else , for whatever reason -- misguided strategies , tactical mistakes , erroneous theories , US intervention , etc. -- they faced only defeat , repression , and futility .
Whatever John Kerry does about Latin America if he is elected President of the United States in November , the election could initiate a sea-change in US-Latin American relations - even or perhaps mainly if George W. Bush is reelected .
For Sartre -LRB- and for many of his contemporaries -RRB- , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes -LRB- whatever that meant -RRB- .
It is easy to take the next step and declare her a man-hater and a lesbian .
Whatever the reason , we invade other creatures ' space by , say , cutting down forests .
The only plausible explanation is the need to clear the way for his re-election as president , whatever the cost .
Whatever Obama 's ethnic credentials , India 's government has detected in his statements reason to believe that he will be less supportive than Bush .
At the end of a recent visit to Beijing with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani , Mukhtar reported that the Chinese government was more than happy to oblige whatever requests for assistance the Pakistani side made , including reaching an agreement to take over operation of the Gwadar port after the existing contract with a Singaporean government company expires .
Revelations of torture , extraordinary rendition , and warrantless electronic surveillance all depended on investigative journalism of a kind that is now threatened by budget cuts and the media 's relentless focus on whatever is current -- often at the expense of what is genuinely newsworthy .
If Tudor were a mere political clown , the question of whether or not he still hates Jews would not matter .
He admitted that he had been anti-Semitic , but he claimed that God had opened his eyes and that he now loved Jews as much as he used to hate them .
Indeed , he began apologizing for his earlier anti-Semitic hate speech .
Viewed from a matching perspective , there is no failure of `` aggregate demand '' -- whatever that means .
BEIJING -- Whatever the effects of political turmoil in Thailand , they are not helping the cause of democracy in China .
Whatever happens at the end of the day , the debate about a possible war with Iraq has brought to the surface fundamental issues on which no agreement exists , even among friends , but which will not go away and can not be ignored .
The second set of issues has to do with the conditions envisaged at the end of whatever action is taken .
Rediscovering the West and the institutions that go with it , and defending them with whatever it takes , is the primary issue on the agenda of liberty today .
Whatever the value of such theories , it is evident that the frustration of young people 's ambitions in modernizing countries makes them the object of preachers of hate and tempts them to leave the course of plodding progress and turn to more dramatic action .
In the Netherlands , the shock that arose over the killing of the film maker Theo van Gogh runs deep and has led to demands for legislation against hate speech .
Direct incitement to violence is regarded -- as it should be - -- as an unacceptable abuse of free speech ; but much that is disagreeable about the David Irving 's and the hate preachers does not fall into this category .
They dislike the business leaders who take home huge sums even when they fail , and they hate to see poor and excluded people in their midst .
Whatever the particular values of leading candidates , this is undoubtedly progress .
They could form coalitions with anyone , not least with each other , whatever their traditional political affiliations may be .
To defend our liberty we need domestic democracy at least as much as a readiness to attack whatever `` forces of evil '' may exist elsewhere in the world .
Aside from the poor , war-ravaged Balkan states -- Albania , Bosnia , Croatia , Macedonia , and whatever Serbia and Montenegro end up deciding to call themselves -- the only imaginable additional candidates , assuming that they are classified as `` European , '' are Russia , Belarus and Ukraine .
Today , by insisting on Presidential rotation and the equality of member states , whatever their size , the small countries are effectively adopting an inter-governmentalist position , because they fear that the real purpose of the Franco-German proposal is to ensure that the Council will remain under the leadership of a big member .
In response , bankers have tended to argue that any interference in their business would be an unconscionable assault on their inalienable human right to lose shareholders ' and depositors ' money in whatever way they please .
There must be no gaps in protection , whatever law is applicable .
This history is worth reviewing because America is poised for another debate over whether its economy evolves or is designed , with President Barack Obama 's opponents claiming that whatever is good in America 's economy has always evolved with no guidance , and that whatever is bad has been designed by government .
Korean steelworkers might well ask whatever happened to the Republican Party 's historic commitment to free trade .
Whatever it has been in the past , the US in the future will have to choose whether , and how much , it will be a social democracy .
One year , they might seek to control inflation , but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment , and next year they might try to lower the government 's debt refinancing costs , and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political masters prefer .
Whatever tax-law changes the US Congress approves this summer are unlikely to have big effects on the flow of purchasing power to households until April , 2004 .
Similarly , whatever spending increases the US Congress approves this fall will not have significant effects on government spending until the summer and fall of 2004 .
This opposition is not coming only from politicians who are calculating that opposition to whatever is proposed may yield electoral benefits ; indeed , it does not even reflect any coherent right-wing or indeed left-wing political position .
But , whatever the cause or effect , spending always goes up whenever groups decide to spend more -- and government decisions to spend more are as good as anybody else 's .
Whatever the cause , when the risk tolerance of the market crashes , so do prices of risky financial assets .
Whatever the cause , the boom seems an unlikely capstone to a century of war , ferment , and revolution , and only adds to the sense of discontinuity that characterizes modern China .
In her classic study On Revolution , Hannah Arendt observed darkly that `` whatever brotherhood human beings may be capable of has grown out of fratricide , whatever political organization men may have achieved has its origin in crime . ''
But , whatever the merits of the claim that genetic patents benefit research and treatment , that is a practical , rather than a legal , argument .
They do n't know whether to love them or hate them , support them or denounce them , foster a close relationship or remain distant neighbors .
Vicente Fox probably feels tempted to hit the piñata as it hangs there and go back home with whatever he can get .
Even if Google uses personal information only for their benefit -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- , it represents an attractive target for governments .
Whatever short-term temptations it faces -- to manipulate its search results , use private information , or throw its weight around -- Google , it is clear , could lose a lot by succumbing to them in a world where its every move is watched .
Those who were on the wrong side of the political divide were not only guilty of erroneous views ; they were seen as wrong in their essence , and therefore to be condemned and hated .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's constituents hate bailouts , because they know that it is they who will be doing the bailing .
Previously , European leaders had averred that the euro was forever , repeating at every turn that they would do whatever it took to hold the monetary union together .
In September of that year , Bundesbank President Helmut Schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within Europe 's system of supposed stable exchange rates `` can not be ruled out . '' Schlesinger 's unguarded remarks signaled that the Bundesbank was not willing to do whatever it took to preserve the system -- a signal that encouraged investors to place massive bets against the British pound and Italian lira .
But if the IMF is to have a future , its management will have to issue stronger warnings about the next dangerously large US current-account deficit , the next unsustainable housing boom , or whatever large-country problem succeeds them .
Financial markets are too integrated -- and will remain so , like it or not -- for whatever rules are established not to profoundly affect emerging markets .
Debating , recognizing , denouncing -- whatever ... anything but suppressing !
But , whatever embarrassment he may now be feeling is certainly a better fate than that meted out to Mikhail Khodorkovsky , another Russian oligarch with political ambitions , who is now languishing in his eighth year of imprisonment since boldly challenging Vladimir Putin 's ideas about how Russia should be run .
MELBOURNE -- All the world hates a hypocrite .
Whatever one thinks of those measures , taking counter-cyclical policy action is almost always better than doing nothing when an economy is overheating .
But , whatever form the default takes , the current owners of Greek debt will get less than the full amount that they are now owed .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
Whatever the logic of that proposition , it would open the door to much greater income redistribution . High-income countries might find that reason enough to want out .
Massu , a convinced Gaullist , should have known better than to say such home truths publicly , whatever his own frustrations .
The Danish People 's Party leadership is frank about its hate-list : `` those who betray , who transfer power from Denmark to Brussels , who agree with having a multi-ethnic society . ''
Moreover , the critical hurdle will not be the negotiations , but rather implementation of whatever agreement may emerge -- and its political cost will be very high .
Institutionally , there is no way around a `` European economic government '' or `` enhanced economic coordination '' -LRB- or whatever you want to call it -RRB- , which in fact would be possible informally and thus without any treaty change .
But Merkel will do whatever she can to avoid committing herself prematurely , and the London summit is much too early .
Whatever mistakes Europe may have made vis-à-vis the region 's authoritarian regimes in the past , it can now correct them by providing decisive help .
Indeed , whatever resemblance events on Cairo 's Tahrir Square bear to May 1968 in Paris and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , it would be premature to proclaim that freedom has prevailed .
Whatever the answer , the consequences -- whether good or bad -- will be far-reaching .
It is an identity we share by living together and by what we have in common , whatever the differences between our multiples identities .
Nor has that standard , whatever it is , been met if more children die on one side than the other .
When Argentina invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands , the United Kingdom could take whatever measures were necessary to remove them .
Even between good neighbors like Canada and the United States , there is little agreement about punishing hate speech .
US courts reasoned that it is better to allow the release of hateful sentiments than to call attention to them by showcasing them in court .
They find it hard to negotiate peace in a world that approaches them armed with the hateful echoes of medieval superstition .
Whatever one thinks of the settlers , they , in their daily routine , are not engaged in a pattern of threatening to kill or assault anyone .
Europe is self-absorbed , focused on creating whatever kind of entity it ends up deciding to be .
The G-20 will discuss whatever the bigger countries consider it most useful to discuss .
By contrast , the humanities and the natural sciences share a sense of reality that transcends time and place ; hence their common interest in a fixed `` human nature . '' This is tied to a way of thinking and a sense of knowing that is largely contemplative and sometimes even disempowering , as reality comes to seem to be whatever resists our concerted efforts at change .
It requires an increasingly controversial assumption : all human beings - whatever their achievements , competences , status , or health - are equally significant members of society , whose strength ultimately lies in what they can do together .
Moreover , if China decided to sell its dollar holdings , the bond market would discount US government securities , raising US long-term interest rates and canceling much -LRB- perhaps all -RRB- of whatever stimulus has been provided by the dollar 's depreciation .
Whatever the election 's outcome , the return of political will and legitimacy to France will come not a moment too soon .
The canton of Neuchatel -LRB- one of the 26 mini-states that comprise the Swiss confederation -RRB- lies alongside the French border .
The Council of Europe , which for 60 years has promoted European integration through human rights and culture , includes Neuchatel among 10 `` intercultural '' cities that it is studying for `` best practice '' policies and governance in multicultural societies .
In the case of Neuchatel , this includes the canton as well as the picturesque lakeside city .
Much of Neuchatel 's progressive attitude toward foreign residents is attributable to one man , Thomas Facchinetti , who started a multicultural cohesion service 20 years ago and has steadily built it up .
Partly as a result of his efforts , Neuchatel was one of the four cantons in Switzerland to vote against the ban on new minarets .
In Neuchatel , many naturalized citizens , including elected local councilors , retain their foreign passports for several reasons : among European Union passport-holders , doing so allows their children to study in the EU or to work there themselves .
But where Neuchatel could serve as a model is in its hands-on attitude to helping foreigners fit in by making it easy for people to learn the local language , opening the voting booths to all , and encouraging foreigners to represent their country 's communities .
Papandreou had to reverse course quickly in response to both internal and external pressure , but the option that he put on the table will not go away whatever the fate of the present Greek government .
And , while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted , he began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under his wife .
Their goals of re-creating some 7th century caliphate or , in the case of Iraq , restoring Sunni domination are unlikely to be satisfied by free men and women openly choosing their political system and leadership .
It is both natural and sensible that the US be central to whatever evolves from that fact .
Experience with alcohol suggests that marijuana will be available to underage users -LRB- as it is now -RRB- , whatever the minimum legal age .
Whatever the new wave 's limitations , its borderless online conversations are offsetting the region 's political , religious , social , and cultural balkanization .
It is our hope that all of us will reach out to this disaster 's victims with our whole hearts , and give , through the Nippon Foundation 's fund or through any other respected and recognized humanitarian organization , whatever we can to enable Japan 's thousands of victims to recover the simple dignity of normal life .
But , whatever the reason -LRB- or reasons -RRB- for the rise in their occurrence , we also know that between 5 % and 10 % of breast cancers are due to an inherited defect that affects the BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes .
All of the countries that took the decision to intervene in Libya , including the US , must conduct themselves with a sense of renewed vigor , and with the understanding that NATO -- whatever its shortcomings and shortfalls -- must prevail .
I hated these men for what they had done .
The US and Europe will make their usual demands to close down the country 's hate-spewing madrassas , and to reform a public-school system that , unhindered by the government , churns out young militants burning to kill and die for Islam .
Depressive disorders differed from normal reactions because they either arose in the absence of situations that would normally produce sadness or were of disproportionate magnitude or duration relative to whatever cause provoked them .
Likewise , in Morocco , Tunisia , Mauritania , Qatar , Oman , and Bahrain , where various low-level contacts and Israeli representations exist , undemocratic regimes can define whatever relationship with Israel they choose .
While pop music fans in China can listen to whatever they like , including Madonna singing `` I 'm gonna shake up the system , '' ordinary Chinese need courage to speak such messages aloud .
Whatever one thinks of American military intervention , one must concede that it has altered the region 's dynamics .
But two connected and major challenges lie ahead for Brazil and its government : the need to build a far more equal society and to resist the temptation to use nationalism to mask whatever domestic failures may manifest themselves .
At an emotional level , debating exchange rates means blaming foreigners for whatever goes wrong in the domestic economy .
But , whatever his motives , the anxiety that led up to Argentina 's last minute deal with the IMF to repay $ 3.1 billion owed the global lender may serve to help to rescue what capitalism is really about : the appropriate judgment of risk .
The new bonds could be known as Trichet or Merkel\/Sarkozy or Honohan bonds -- whatever works to build consensus .
On the one side were liberals , `` a class of men sanguine in hope , bold in speculation , always pressing forward ... and disposed to give every change credit for being an improvement . '' On the other were conservatives , `` a class of men who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient , and who , even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial , consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings . ''
No democratic country would allow such interventions by its military , whatever the circumstances .
Come to think of it : whatever happened to the Poles , whom Russia so successfully put down in 1863 ?
Without a voice for their concerns , Iran 's young people face the prospect of increased frustration , whatever the outcome of the election .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have uniforms bearing a Koranic verse that reads , `` Make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can , to terrify thereby the enemy of God and your enemy , and others besides them that you know not ; God knows them . ''
Whatever anthem , old or new or none at all , under which these things appear will be deemed suitable , and maybe even be sung .
Of course , Zubkov will continue Fradkov 's `` Yes , whatever you say Mr. President '' management style .
Choice is the essence of governance , and to abstain from it -- for whatever reason -- is to shirk responsibility .
Or does it simply reflect the fact that the ECB now intends to enforce its old policy of not commenting on exchange rates whatever the circumstance ?
The ECB President made it clear he will do his duty whatever the political pressure .
The ECB should drop its inflationary bias because the European economy is weakening , and the weaker economy will contain whatever inflationary pressures now exist .
By pumping in whatever liquidity the financial sector needs to alleviate the credit crunch , the ECB is effectively maintaining a deflationary bias for the financial sector , whereas it has announced an inflationary bias for the rest of the economy .
Whatever problems may have existed in the early years -- too many voices , too little clarity of message -- were smoothed out over time .
These trans-cultural ethical rules form structural elements of a common human ethic , whatever we call it , and make almost irrelevant the idea of a deep antagonism between `` Asian '' and `` Western '' values .
They will consider both easing repression , in order to gain sympathy , and tightening it , in order to prevent uncontrollable protests . But , whatever they do , they -- and the rest of the world -- must now expect surprises .
The idea that either side can crush the other and declare victory has proven to be a seductive and dangerous mirage , leaving behind only a trail of blood and hate .
But what is crucially important for Palestinians is that , whatever the outcome , new settlements must not be built and land expropriation must end .
Thus , for example , Ahmad Qurei -LRB- Abu Ala'a -RRB- , a former prime minister and senior negotiator who is accused of owning shares in a Palestinian company that supplied cement for Israel 's construction of the hated wall that cuts through Palestinian territory , lost his position within Fatah 's leadership .
Palestinians ' desire to obtain a UN vote on statehood -LRB- in whatever form -RRB- does not mean that they can not have direct negotiations with Israel .
But , whatever you do in the next few months to win the forthcoming parliamentary elections , please remember that the support that Kadima has received from the Israeli public derives precisely from the fact that it has taken a moderate centrist position .
The gambler 's close kin is the political `` troublemaker , '' who pursues his soaring ambitions by any means necessary , whatever the risks and regardless of the cost to others .
Why , then , do many countries prosecute the hate speech of racists ?
Ellwanger crossed the line separating free expression from hate speech .
Without history , we will be exposed to the full force of the tales of our imagined pasts , which only mirror our current hates and loves .
They assumed that Czech and Polish leaders -- who were strongly pro-American -- would willingly agree to deployment , and that public opinion in both countries would go along with whatever the governments decided .
Whatever remains for public investments are sure to be wasted , as projects tend to pass cost-benefit analysis when the financing comes from easy money , generously provided by mother nature .
Malmö police say that , of the 115 hate crimes recorded in the city in 2009 , 52 were aimed at Jews or Jewish institutions .
With anti-Israeli hate serving as the primary unifying factor , this alliance has grown into a new and dangerous force for intolerance within Swedish society .
Above all , Swedish politicians must speak out when minorities become the target of hate crimes .
Whatever the truth in this perception , it is little wonder -- and perhaps fitting -- that a fight about the future of food should form a key battleground in a fight about who we are .
`` Lance beat cancer and then he went on to win 5 Tour de Frances , '' a computer programmer wrote on his blog in 2003 . `` That pretty much means I can overcome whatever ills I have in my life so I can keep going after that . ''
McCain , Obama , and Hot Air WASHINGTON , DC -- Whatever the outcome of the United States ' presidential election , climate change policy will be transformed .
Moreover , it is inconsistent with the inescapable fact that , whatever we do , we can not prevent all of global warming 's effects .
Whatever else happens , the war will bring an all-out attack against the executioners and torturers of Iraq 's peoples .
In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , `` The True Story of Ah Q , '' about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
Indeed , there was no `` Muslim scholarship '' at the time , so to read meant to read whatever was available .
Israel 's continued humiliation of the Palestinians , now telecast live into hundreds of millions of Muslim homes , is generating unnecessary reservoirs of hate .
If you take a step back from whatever biome you are in at the moment and look at the entire Earth and its forests through recorded history , you will see that the relationship between humans and trees looks Strangely Like War -LRB- the title of a recent book on forests by Derrick Jensen and George Draffan -RRB- .
The builders of the twin towers , whatever their native tongues , wanted to be Americans , citizens of the New World , the towers they built symbolizing the stature of freedom .
A group of Romanian intellectuals , including me , protested in an Open Letter against this effort to rehabilitate a murderer and propagandist of hate and xenophobia .
`` Whatever you do , it will be pulled up again later somewhere in your life . ''
But the debtor countries are nonetheless obliged to service these debts by whatever means necessary , including more borrowing and further entanglement , leading to further impoverishment .
Whatever the case , both institutions certainly have much to answer for - and the loan agreements provide an arbitration clause to bring them to account .
I warn those that have not yet acted that I will take whatever steps are necessary to make them act .
I appreciate that close cooperation and partnership with member states are required , and I am ready to work with them in whatever way I can to help them to transpose and apply EU law correctly .
As for the euro , the Germans have to accept that if they want to remain good Europeans , they have to get their own fiscal house in order . For whatever they do or refrain from doing in terms of domestic reforms affects their partners .
Although many states now hide behind an alleged universal principle of inviolable state sovereignty , for example , would the international community really want to go back to the old model where states did whatever they wanted to their citizens within the confines of their own borders ?
Whatever the causes , official corruption is creating a situation in which many Afghans fear the rapaciousness of the government nearly as much as they dislike the Taliban , which can now credibly claim the ability to provide security and swift justice in the areas they control , albeit at a very high price .
Everywhere you looked , people were excising hated autocrats .
There was , however , another , category of people : the `` careful and untainted , '' who absented themselves from the world of politics . They hated communism , but , convinced that the system could not be reformed , they avoided the democratic opposition .
Whatever the enormous differences that may separate them , post-communist Russia and fundamentalist Iran have much in common .
Whatever their political preferences , many French voters have the feeling that an `` amateur '' is facing a `` professional . ''
Whatever the huge political , social , and economic tensions may exist , there is a `` feel good '' factor in China , a sense of progress , with the 2008 Olympics in Beijing figuring as the symbolic moment that will proclaim to the world the scale of the country 's achievements .
The Chinese today sound almost as stunned by the supposed mistreatment of the Olympic torch in London , Paris , and San Francisco as Americans were back in 2001 : `` Why do they hate us so much ? '' `` What have we done to them ? ''
Sarkozy Agonistes `` Why do they hate us ? '' asked the Americans of the Islamic fundamentalists after 9\/11 . `` Why do they not like me ? '' could be the question asked by Nicolas Sarkozy to the French after more than one year in power .
Yet in the realm of transatlantic relations , as is true globally , it is unwise to expect too much from a single man , whatever his exceptional qualities .
First , whatever the brutal style of the new Russia under Vladimir Putin and Dmitri Medvedev , the Soviet Union no longer exists and no longer constitutes the common threat that was the `` glue '' of the Alliance until 1989 .
Confronted with this dual process of illegitimacy , the West often finds itself condemned to sit between two chairs , and to face criticism whatever the outcome .
Whatever the immediate outcome , the Kuwaiti government is facing a new political horizon .
Those who insist that blasphemy does not warrant the protection otherwise given to freedom of expression often claim that it is a form of hate speech .
It seems important , therefore , to clarify the differences between hate speech and blasphemy .
Inasmuch as hate speech involves incitement of imminent violence , it may be made criminal , even in the United States , where freedom of expression enjoys particularly strong legal protection .
These differences between hate speech and blasphemy are fundamental .
It is , therefore , inappropriate to extend the legal restrictions on hate speech to blasphemy .
Criminalizing blasphemy should be strongly opposed as an unwarranted restriction on freedom of expression , even by those who believe that there are certain limited circumstances in which it is appropriate to make hate speech a crime .
Having said that , whatever America does at Guantanamo does not justify Iraqi mistreatment of American or British prisoners .
Whatever goodwill towards the US prevailed after September 11 was quickly squandered .
In the United States , `` organic '' has a precise meaning established by the US Department of Agriculture . `` Natural , '' however , means whatever the food producer or manufacturer says it means .
Nor do we have a Leonid Kuchma , an ineffective , weak-willed president who was widely hated .
But this does not explain why these groups supposedly hate each other so much .
If governments let no outside entity investigate the circumstances of such deaths , what will keep them from `` disappearing '' whomever they take into custody , for whatever reason ?
In August 2003 , US National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice argued that `` much as a democratic Germany became a linchpin of a new Europe that is today whole , free , and at peace , so a transformed Iraq can become a key element in a very different Middle East in which the ideologies of hate will not flourish . ''
Whatever the accuracy of such assessments of China 's military growth , the outcome will also depend on what the US and other countries do .
Indeed , whatever the source of terrorism , its lethality is increasing .
But , in the longer term , the slow , steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists .
Whatever the outcome of the French election , French-American relations are likely to remain on a steady course , and may well improve further after the US presidential election 2008 .
Whatever the geometry of such a consultative group , it would be designed to supplement the UN in reaching decisions , and would help galvanize bureaucracies in member governments to address key transnational issues .
Neo-conservative pundits drew the conclusion that the United States was so powerful that it could do whatever it wanted , and that others had no choice but to follow .
But , whatever the failures of particular British legislators , the issues go further than merely allowing voters to `` throw the rascals out . '' There is also a question of how successful leadership is taught and learned in a democracy .
Whatever the concerns regarding the recent events related to the Dalai Lama and Taiwan , it is important to note that the deterioration in US-Chinese relations began beforehand .
Whatever the reasons for the decline , if the public becomes unwilling to provide such crucial resources as tax dollars , or to comply voluntarily with laws , or if bright young people refuse to go into government service , governmental capacity will be impaired and people will become more dissatisfied with it .
But , whatever the merits of this linear economic projection , the term BRICs still makes little sense for long-term assessments of global power relations .
Whatever the outcome , because of its residual nuclear strength , its great human capital , its skills in cyber-technology , and its location in both Europe and Asia , Russia will have the resources to cause major problems for or to make major contributions to a globalized world .
After the weakening of the dollar and President Richard M. Nixon 's decision to end its convertibility into gold , in 1975 France convened leaders of five countries in the library of the Chateau de Rambouillet to discuss monetary affairs .
Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives , but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US . Whatever the rhetoric in France , for example , the policies and attitudes in countries such as Britain or Poland demonstrate that good trans-Atlantic relations can be maintained .
Whatever happens , Uzbekistan will continue to distance itself from Russia militarily , something which will not please Russian President Vladimir Putin , but the degree of his displeasure will be shaped by the nature of the evolving relationship between Russia and NATO .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors ' dynamism .
However , it seems obvious that whatever happens , the Iranians will fight an asymmetric war not only on their own territory , but also in the neighboring region for years to come .
The drought in Guizhou , whatever its cause , is a reminder that the fate of China 's people has become inextricably linked to what happens elsewhere , and that no country can opt out or find unilateral solutions separate from the global commonweal any longer .
Sooner or later , whatever else happens , the world will run out of inexpensive oil .
Of course , extremists will hate it .
In particular , the Ecumenical Patriarchate in Istanbul could be a great example of peaceful coexistence among Christians and Muslims .
For Orthodoxy , the Ecumenical Patriarchate is in many ways the equivalent of Mecca .
Allowing the Patriarchate to flourish , and reopening the Theological School on the island of Halki , would underscore Turkey 's progress on human and minority rights .
Turkey should view the Patriarchate not as a threat , but as an important asset - -- a bridge to Europe .
Supplied with raw materials , assemblers could be programmed to build whatever we need , including more assemblers .
Many Armenians believe that Tsarukyan has carte blanche to do whatever he wants , when he wants .
First , the United States justified the Israeli assault and blamed everything on Hamas , just as it used to pin all responsibility for whatever went wrong on Yasir Arafat and Fatah .
Reality was whatever the ruling party said it was .
The designated successor to Mao Zedong in China , Hua Guofeng , raised this attitude to an art form . He was known as a `` whateverist . ''
The Party and people should faithfully follow whatever Mao instructed them to do .
Groucho posed two insuperable problems for the `` whateverists '' of communism .
But , whatever Mao 's terrible failings , during his years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Ashton has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service .
But where the problem affects much else , and where the region is close to home , we should have a policy that consists of more than waiting to agree with whatever America decides that its policy should be , as , for example , in the Middle East .
Ending the insurrection will also require better government , whatever the low expectations of business leaders .
But , whatever the outcome , a new government will face a daunting challenge -- challenges that will be even more daunting in the case of a `` hung parliament , '' which will require either a coalition government or minority government to be formed after the vote .
The war in Afghanistan bleeds more lives and treasure into the inhospitable terrain of that sad land , with little immediate chance of whatever might constitute sufficient success to allow America and its allies to quit .
Islamic fundamentalists define jihad as a war of terror against the West and call for an Islamic caliphate from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
What religion should teach us is not how to hate , but -- to borrow again from Confucius -- how to develop societies that look after and welcome the poor , the stranger , and the oppressed .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
Whatever his other many failings , he has a pretty good record on aid to poor countries , particularly in healthcare .
Whatever else you say about the governor 's views , no one could call the choice of the `` hockey mom '' from Alaska a bold bid for consensus .
Much as some may hate to admit it , anti-Americanism is a sentiment that has been fed and nurtured during the Bush years .
Whatever the US and Europe decide to do about Iran will affect that country 's internal political dynamics .
The social awareness of Homo Putinicus , meticulously burnished by television propagandists , is such that pride in Lugovoi 's achievement and indignation at the infamous campaign unleashed against him by those who hate Russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary Russians without the slightest dissonance .
They dream about a Caliphate that would include much more of the Russian Federation than the North Caucasus .
Whatever the emerging world does to sustain domestic demand and reorient exports from advanced countries to other emerging countries , the European and US elephants -LRB- not to mention Japan -RRB- are just too big for their illness to have no effect on world growth .
In fact , this will happen whatever the exchange rate between currencies .
Though today 's biomedical science claims to search for repairs of nature 's defects , too many of its practitioners behave as if their real purpose were only to gain the mythical immortality of precedence , at whatever cost to themselves or others .
Whatever one makes of the data , the number of people leading lives of quiet desperation in these countries is unconscionably large .
The second is designed to bury whatever hopes still exist for signing a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol .
The danger is that the interim administration may hand out contracts to those well connected in Washington or the rich westernized Baghdad elite that gets cozy with whatever government is in power .
More importantly , they could not have won even if they had invested in petroleum , foodstuffs , sugar , coffee , cotton , wool , minerals , or phosphates : all of these commodities had become cheaper .
But the 1991 Persian Gulf War upset whatever solace Israel could take from the past .
Unfortunately , whatever the decision -- which has been delayed perhaps until late Fall to allow Obama 's administration more time to muster support for the treaty -- the US and Russian governments will continue to place each other in the nuclear crosshairs for the foreseeable future .
Whatever our shared endeavors , Asians must take care that they are undertaken through shared responsibilities , shared burdens , shared values , and shared benefits .
This is crucial , because whatever technical advances there may be in solar and other renewable energy sources , we will depend on coal and oil for the next 40 years .
Whatever one thinks of him , in international affairs Blair was a leader of consequence .
Today 's accepted wisdom is that markets are optimally balanced whatever their state , meaning that no government intervention or regulation would be efficient or desirable .
Whatever the outcome , it is clear that the Greek debacle has given the EU a black eye .
Whatever long-term benefits such reforms might bring , it is difficult to see how they would provide immediate benefits .
As long as they make money they do not care if they have to eat their words . They simply want whatever `` works '' -- whatever will produce a stable , healthy economic environment conducive to debt repayment .
But whatever measures of `` political '' qualities and ownership separation we use , the index of employment protection appears to be the best predictor of ownership separation in the wealthy West .
Whatever the scenario that ends the calm , today 's age of low volatility will seem like a distant dream to most of us -- and a forgotten nightmare for ambitious financial traders .
For this reason , a wide range of economists favor a uniform -LRB- `` harmonized '' -RRB- global tax that would tax carbon emissions equally everywhere in the world , and from whatever source -- whether coal , oil , or gas , and whether consumers or businesses .
Many leading Chinese researchers are convinced that that the government will do whatever it takes to keep growth above 8 % .
Most Greeks are taking whatever action they can to avoid the government 's likely insatiable thirst for higher tax revenues , with wealthy individuals shifting money abroad and ordinary people migrating to the underground economy .
Already stressed by extraordinarily high rates of unemployment , twenty-somethings are now awakening to the fact that their country 's growth model -- the one they are dreaming to be a part of -- is , in fact , completely unsustainable , whatever their political leaders tell them .
Whatever letter of the alphabet US economic performance ultimately resembles , what is coming will feel like a recession .
Moreover , whatever economic growth some of these countries might eventually register is contingent on enacting politically unpopular reforms that will work only in the long run -- and at the cost of even more short-term pain .
But once Muslims are `` shown their place , '' will milk and Coca-Cola flow across the land ? Or will some fresh hate arise ?
This means that the coalition can not do whatever it wishes with Saddam 's henchmen and war criminals .
Its leaders squabbled , regarding themselves as the sole possible rulers and engaging in wishful thinking that some external factor would hand them whatever they wanted .
Iraqis now are among those allowed to say , write , watch , and listen to whatever they want , whenever they want .
Whatever we are worrying about in 50 years , this will surely be near the bottom of the list .
But , whatever the pain felt in the deregulated Anglo-Saxon-style economies , none of this must inevitably cause a global calamity .
Whatever the details of this specific case , the studies in question represent a tiny fraction of the overwhelming scientific evidence that points to the reality and urgency of man-made climate change .
Whatever other goals lay behind the Iraq war , the Bush Administration seems keen to line the pockets of its cronies and to capture increased control over Middle East oil and pipeline routes .
Military approaches alone will not work , because the root of the problem is the vulnerability of poor , hungry people to the prophets of hate .
But the American media more or less brushed aside this shocking incident , too . The Wall Street Journal actually wrote an editorial on November 18 that criticized the critics , noting as usual that whatever the US does , its enemies in Iraq do worse , as if this excuses American abuses .
They would smile and wave and throw us whatever gifts they happened to have -- playing cards , chewing gum , lifesaver candies ... For us they were like heroes from another world . ''
Whatever becomes of the Green Movement in the short term , millions of courageous Iranian protestors made clear to the world last summer that their country 's centennial quest for a democracy is an idea whose time has come .
On the principle that you become what you hate , these paramilitary groups have also captured a slice of the lucrative drug trade .
Those on the religious right have no dilemma : they just hate America and its policies outright , and oppose all things `` un-Islamic , '' including television , films , radio , and even indigenous forms of dance and music .
What China wants above all is to prevent North Korea from collapsing , whatever the cause .
Whatever the eventual outcome , the status quo is untenable .
Whatever the case , Chinese are well acquainted with Americans ' feelings of indignation mixed with powerlessness .
But it maintains a nineteenth-century notion of sovereignty -- namely , that a country 's national territory , its leaders have an absolute right to do whatever they want without outside `` interference . ''
The Chinese culture embodied in the daily lives of 23 million Taiwanese of whatever political beliefs was not so easily eliminated by decree .
Whatever his decision , Taiwan 's first DPP president will go down in history as a pathetic failure , because he used his office to divide the island 's citizens , as if his domestic political opponents were Taiwan 's mortal enemies .
Once sacrosanct accounting principles have been amended at Wall Street 's behest in order to allow banks to report essentially whatever they want .
If a poor family in subsistence farming receives no help during the year after a bad harvest , its members may eat their beasts of burden , cut down the trees that provide nutrients to the soil , sell whatever farming equipment they have , and even eat the seeds that were set aside for planting the following season .
Whatever one calls it , it is a problem .
Whatever their other benefits , the low rates we see around the world now hardly amount to insurance against future drops in asset prices .
Whatever Happened to Wage Insurance ?
They do business in whatever country is most advantageous .
Whatever the near future holds the multitude of plans now being discussed to deal with this global crisis need to be judged with attention to the elusive and inexplicable effects they might have on confidence .
These securities are offered in pairs -- one long and one short -- and , unlike in a government-run scheme , in whatever quantity the market demands .
I hate to say so , not wanting to commit the sin defined by their `` syndrome , '' but this time might be different because all of the modern examples of past crises came during a time when many economists worldwide were extolling the virtues of the `` rational expectations '' model of the economy .
Whatever Irish voters intended by rejecting the treaty , socio-economic change will continue to force the EU to seek new forms of organization , combining inter-governmental and federal approaches .
Whatever US courts say about it , abducting people all over the world , locking them up for years without establishing that they are guilty of anything , and subjecting them to harsh and abusive treatment is a flagrant violation of international law .
At the elite level , the difference between being a champion and an also-ran is so miniscule , and yet matters so much , that athletes are pressured to do whatever they can to gain the slightest edge over their competitors .
Savulescu , who directs the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics at Oxford University and holds degrees in both medicine and bioethics , says that we should drop the ban on performance-enhancing drugs , and allow athletes to take whatever they want , as long as it is safe for them to do so .
In many other countries , too , whatever people may say about gender equality , the reality is that women are far from having equal rights .
Then , having demonstrated his good faith , he and European leaders should be able to work out a deal that will bring China and India into whatever agreement replaces the Kyoto protocol when it expires in 2012 .
Nevertheless , presumably we make resolutions because we have decided that it would be best to do whatever it is that we are resolving to do .
Others did whatever they could -- from pedicures to washing cars -- to raise money .
Whatever the explanation , the evidence is now accumulating that commercial fishing inflicts an unimaginable amount of pain and suffering .
For Muslims , all sovereignty vests in God ; indeed , nothing whatever exists or can exist outside of Him .
It makes no sense to use land in whatever form to produce bio fuels .
But , whatever happens , the party is over .
Whatever the case , for many Germans the capitalist allocation processes they are seeing make no sense .
Capital controls , whatever their benefits in terms of mitigating the risks associated with volatile capital flows , are costly in a variety of ways .
Whatever the attractions of giving criminals `` nowhere to hide , whatever the consequences , '' the consequences can not be ignored when the criminals are heads of state .
Again , it was a point of honor for governments to pay back such debts as they were incurred , whatever the sacrifice to the country .
The moneylender was the most hated figure in medieval Europe .
The last legal restrictions on taking interest on money were lifted only in the nineteenth century , when they succumbed to the economic argument that lending money was a service , for which the lender was entitled to charge whatever the market would bear .
Moreover , whatever their intrinsic merits , none of these proposals addresses the global economy 's most immediate problem : undersupply , not oversupply , of credit .
When events , for whatever reason , coincide with their theorems , the orthodoxy that they espouse enjoys its moment of glory .
Instead , each member state has grabbed whatever measure of flexibility assists its own immediate economic recovery .
Twenty years of such shortsighted policies , whatever the party in power , have fueled government debt , hindering private investment .
He did not care about Cuba 's economy or its people : his purpose was to pursue revolution for its own sake , whatever it meant , like art for art 's sake .
Bush likes to insist that terrorists hate Americans for what they are - a freedom loving people - not what they do .
This impugned America 's motives and deprived the US of whatever moral authority the country once had to intervene in other countries ' domestic affairs .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
Until recently , investors hoped that the US Federal Reserve would do whatever it takes to avoid a recession , because that is what it did on previous occasions .
The Papandreou government is determined to do whatever is necessary to correct the abuses of the past , and it enjoys a remarkable degree of public support .
And , while some contagion will be unavoidable -- whatever happens to Greece is likely to spread to Portugal , and Ireland 's financial position , too , could become unsustainable -- the rest of the eurozone needs to be ring-fenced .
But the incentive to ignore these issues is gone , independent of what other countries choose to do and whatever global agreements may be reached .
Whatever the merits and shortcomings of various proposals , these divisions suppressed the bipartisan aspects of the political process and emphasized its zero-sum dimension .
Consider , for example , the robustness of the Russian language and the strength of the Orthodox Church - Moscow Patriarchate - in Donetsk that is in eastern Ukraine and the robustness of the Ukrainian language and the influence of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church in Lviv in the west .
These multiple identities emerged because the democratic state provided a `` roof '' of equal rights above all citizens , whatever their religion , language , or culture .
Whatever the result of a recount , the winner would command enhanced legitimacy .
The devil , of course , is in the details -- and big banks will do what they can to ensure that whatever charges are imposed are sufficiently small that they do not outweigh the advantages gained from being underwritten by taxpayers .
As a result , it will likely be a long time before we can assess the success of whatever law the US Congress ultimately enacts .
Whatever one 's attitude to these arrangements , the notion that a single country can exercise effective veto power seems inconsonant with basic democratic principles .
In this regard , Tunisia starts on a positive note : a sense of national cohesion created by the successful overthrow of a widely hated dictator .
For its part , the international community , which so often has propped up authoritarian regimes in the name of stability -LRB- or on the principle that `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' -RRB- has a clear responsibility to provide whatever assistance Tunisia needs in the coming months and years .
Whatever the outcome , the IMF , the World Bank , and the international community need to reaffirm their commitment to an open and transparent process -- and ask how that process can be improved .
Whatever the merits of a common currency , those in Europe deliberating about adopting the Euro should consider whether to tie their fortunes to an institutional arrangement whose flaws are increasingly apparent .
Some new trade and investment agreements under discussion propose to go further , allowing domestic laws , whatever their merits , to be set aside in order to promote international flows of goods and services .
Whatever one thinks of the many concrete suggestions made by the Commission , this much is clear : we need a more inclusive debate about globalization , one in which more voices are heard , and in which there is more focus on the social dimensions of globalization . This is a message the world would do well to heed , lest discontent with globalization continue to grow .
Whatever her merits as a trade economist , mindless trade liberalization without the right preconditions is no solution .
But it nonetheless remains true that whatever is unsustainable will not be sustained , which creates great risks for the US and global economy in 2006 .
Whatever Mr. O'Neill said , the true reasons for his objections were clear : protect financial interests .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
Thus , recent trade negotiations have a surreal air about them , because , whatever their outcome , ultimately cotton subsidies will have to go .
But , whatever the reason , policymakers face considerable uncertainty about the level of NAIRU . Thus , they still face a trade-off between pushing unemployment too low , and setting off an episode of inflation , and not pushing hard enough , resulting in an unnecessary waste of economic resources .
Whatever the problems in the financial system , the massive improvements over the years in technology , productivity , and social progress -- the real fundamentals -- are a genuine testament to the power of globalization as a force for good .
The local warlord , who hated Chiang Kaishek , let Mao pass .
Each government party is afraid of losing votes to its coalition partners , and undermines or blocks whatever the government is trying to do .
Whatever the reason for the observed positive cross-country correlation between income and democracy , it should not be confused with causality .
Second , whatever growth there is in France does not trickle down to the poor .
But , whatever we choose to call it , the danger is that the global economic crisis is providing an almost perfect alibi for governments and others in the region to continue with `` business as usual , '' when what is needed is a loud wake-up call .
Whatever this plan 's impact in practice , the political message is clear : when in doubt , Europe is better off sealing its borders .
Whatever one says or does , they may be unable to see themselves as part of a larger sovereign people .
Whatever happened to the European Union 's Lisbon Strategy ?
The explanations range from the anthropological to the borderline racist : Indians do n't have the genes , the build , the stamina , the climate , whatever .
In leading the struggle to break down segregation in the southern United States , King used non-violence more effectively than anyone else outside India . `` Hate begets hate .
Violence begets violence , '' he memorably declared . `` We must meet the forces of hate with soul force . ''
But whatever they manage to agree upon , as a long-time UN official I am conscious of how much the UN has already changed since I joined 27 years ago .
There is no doubt that , whatever India 's legitimate differences with China 's Communist regime , cooperation is in the best interests of both peoples .
The uprising in 1952 is particularly revealing , because it was widespread and intensely popular , for it was directed against the much-hated British .
An individual firm can cut wages without undermining demand for whatever good or service it produces .
The authorities agreed to open this facility to the IAEA only after its existence was confirmed by commercial satellite imagery , and they appear to have swept the underground halls of whatever equipment was installed before the inspectors arrived .
Whatever path is chosen , in a tragedy tears and death inevitably follow .
Meanwhile , the Communists took whatever food they could find , as one peasant remembered , `` down to the last little grain , '' and in early 1933 the borders of Soviet Ukraine were sealed so that the starving could not seek help .
The unspeakable human suffering that they inflict is the same whatever flag they may bear .
But the only thing that Russia appears to be concerned about is that , whatever successor regime emerges , it is willing to do the Kremlin 's bidding .
Dmitri Likhachev , one of Russia 's most respected intellectuals in the communist era , said that there is no such thing as the Russian soul ; `` we can create whatever future we want . ''
Now we must lead a nation in which -- thanks to the cynical ploys and hate-filled rhetoric of a discredited regime -- some sections seem to be set against the democracy we seek to build .
The surge of anger and revolt in Egypt , whatever its final outcome , marks the beginning of the end for authoritarian nationalist Arab regimes .
Whatever role India ultimately plays in Africa , perhaps its most important contribution could be to introduce competition .
We have hated this `` but , '' this coordinating conjunction , ever since the dawn of the Soviet era .
But whatever the reason , these so-called `` remittances '' -- the cash workers send home to countries like Colombia , Haiti , Jamaica , Mexico , and Bangladesh -- act as a safety net that their governments typically need but can not afford to provide .
Whatever the danger posed by Apophis , we would do well to begin addressing them .
But whatever the outcome , it is urgent that doubts about the safety of these drugs are resolved .
Often , they prioritize electrification ahead of running water , even though electricity is not essential for life : whatever the inconvenience , water can be carted home from a vendor or a well , but there is no convenient way to carry electricity .
The key words are `` association '' and `` partnership , '' in whatever order or combination .
This is why so many threads of discussion turn from potentially interesting citizen speculation to hate speech and paranoia .
But , while they and other radical Muslims around the world may hate Americans , it is hard to imagine a more Americanized , suburbanized immigrant subculture than Muslim immigrants in the US .
Whatever the truth behind Chen 's fall , and despite the widening corruption probe of other senior government officials , data and evidence recently released by the government and multilateral institutions suggest that the authorities are fighting a rearguard battle against a rising tide of graft .
The first casualty would be whatever small scope remains for international policy coordination .
Britain 's government is beginning to recognize the danger , and is trying to clamp down on schools and mosques that spread hate .
Whatever the case , the region 's populations are growing restless , and the gap between rulers and ruled is widening .
Those revolutions , whatever their ultimate outcome , have exposed the philosophy and behavior of Bin Laden and his followers as not only illegitimate and inhumane , but actually inept at achieving better conditions for ordinary Muslims .
More importantly , their way will ultimately achieve the type of dignity that people really want , as opposed to the unending wars of terror to rebuild the caliphate that Bin Laden promised .
That is the kind of friend I want at my side , not one who automatically approves of whatever I do , declares his love for me , and accepts me as I am .
But when the North Korean regime realized that smile diplomacy did not get it whatever it was they wanted , the country 's rulers shifted back to hostility .
Whatever happens , and whoever turns out to be the new leader , North Korea most likely faces an unstable future .
Whatever the outcome , the choice of Lebanon 's next president will emerge from a political maelstrom -- one that he will almost certainly be powerless to allay .
Nonetheless , it is argued , whatever the real cost of the damage , developed countries currently can not afford to provide that kind of money .
And , regardless of whatever political motivations might lie behind the latest investigations , this market concentration is a real problem .
