American reluctance to abandon Musharraf -- together with prolonged electricity shortages , which made the new government appear incompetent -- also raised his hopes .
Israel is considering Abbas 's request to transfer arms and ammunitions from Egypt and Jordan in hopes of bolstering his loyalist forces .
In the process , Hamas hopes to win the international legitimacy that it has long sought .
Given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the EU , and the stingy attitude of the Union to its new members , it should not surprise anyone if an anti-European reaction soon starts to brew in these countries .
Everyone must compromise , but they must also see their own hopes and concerns reflected in a final text .
In this , he received enthusiastic support from the Bush administration , which hopes that Erdogan might have found a way to mix democracy and Islam .
Medvedev obviously hopes to reach out and improve Russia 's and his own standing in the world .
With the Obama administration focused on Afghanistan and Iran , the Kremlin hopes that a West in need of its cooperation will acquiesce in its demands .
Realistic conflict management will replace utopian hopes for conflict resolution .
But whether these talks will lead to an agreement , let alone within one year as US President Barack Obama hopes , is another matter .
Whether these exaggerated hopes should be traced to Obama 's inexperience or to hubris -- or both -- is a moot point : what is clear is that , after 18 months and numerous visits to the region , Mitchell was able to achieve only an agreement in principle by Israel and the Palestinians to start talking to each other .
Unlike Israel 's peace with Egypt -LRB- and , one hopes , its peace with Syria -RRB- , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is rooted in more than a real-estate dispute .
As in real life , fans can be torn between their hopes for victory and their fear of defeat .
So many hopes have vanished in the bitter failure of so many negotiations .
For example , French President Nicholas Sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be `` growth industries . ''
In 2007 , arguing that it was their turn to choose a chief executive , they bitterly opposed a bid by then-President Olusegun Obasanjo , a southerner and a Christian , to rewrite Nigeria 's constitution in hopes of winning a third term .
Having returned to the bargaining table in a position of strength , North Korea now hopes to secure a compromise that frees up the leadership 's assets and brings new benefits that help buttress the regime a little longer .
Second , Turkey 's government hopes to keep the country 's bid to join the European Union moving forward .
The Belgian judge , everyone here now hopes , will shortly seek Habré 's extradition from Senegal , where Habré 's victims began their quest two years ago .
More strikingly , some of our hopes for a new social order also crashed against the rocks of the new rules of the game .
Perhaps this is one reason why Alexi responded positively to Benedict 's first speech urging reconciliation , saying that he hopes that this will improve `` Orthodox-Catholic relations on the post-Soviet territory . ''
Perhaps the citizens of Belgium do not have enough in common anymore , and Flemish and Walloons would be better off being divorced . But one hopes not .
Europeans -- and others -- may regard China 's rise with awe , and hope to find a modus vivendi with Russia , but without the hopes inspired by that extraordinary republic , which represents the worst and the best of our battered Western world , we would all be much worse off .
On the contrary , it is precisely the middle class , bought off by promises of ever-greater material gains , that hopes to conserve the current political order .
Nevertheless , profound economic and political transformation in Latin America has masked a deep disparity between reforms and reality -- indeed , between hopes and their fulfillment .
His opponents have responded by proclaiming their right to self-determination and threatening to boycott the referendum with which he hopes to legalize the reform .
These are ambitious hopes , but even if the UN Security Council adopts and implements a resolution that would lead to such an eventual solution , it will provide just another band-aid and temporary relief .
Global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality , combat HIV\/AIDS , and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world -- and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate -- are married before they reach age 15 . Child marriage also thwarts ambitions to eliminate extreme poverty and promote gender equality .
First , Raúl will barely be able to budge even on the modest , strictly economic and regulatory reforms that he hopes , somewhat naïvely , will put food back on Cubans ' table .
One hopes that Lula can survive without having to rely on such cynicism .
Perhaps the German Chancellor hopes that in the shadows of such an all-party Convention he can quietly slip through `` reforms '' that are , for the most part , really cuts in public expenditure for social services .
`` Such is their extreme desire to return to their homes , '' Machiavelli wrote , apropos of Ahmad Chalabi and the Iraqi National Congress , `` that they naturally believe many things that are not true , and add many others on purpose ; so that , with what they really believe and what they say they believe , they fill you with hopes ... ''
The Fed hopes that it can handle the current situation without being forced to rescue market liquidity by cutting interest rates and thus giving what it fears would be an unhealthy boost to spending .
The Fed still hopes that liquidity and confidence can be restored quickly , and that the summer of 2007 will serve future economists as an example of how de-linked financial markets can be from the flows of spending and production in the real economy .
There is some optimism about Japan getting on its feet again , but over the past , vastly disappointing , decade , too many pseudo-recoveries have been glimpsed in Japan to justify such hopes .
But all of this would require extraordinary patience on the part of the Workers ' Party and its supporters , whose hopes must be deferred as immediate priority is given to appeasing the bond market .
Certainly , few observers looking in 1978 at the smoldering embers of the Cultural Revolution , or at the seeming ruination of the post-1989 years , thought China would emerge as the lightning rod of the world 's developmental hopes .
But , in the case of Turkey , Europe has long been reluctant to provide the same sort of incentives and hopes .
America has reached a pivotal moment in its national and global history , with new hopes for intercultural exchange , dialogue , and mutual understanding .
But such an opening is essential if the country 's Tamils are to have real hopes for their future within the country .
The bullets that killed Djindjic may also have slain Serbian hopes for normalcy at the very moment that we were emerging from the nightmare of Slobodan Milosevic 's long misrule .
Far more likely than Mr. Koizumi undertaking sustained bold action , we will see a master at communications -- a talent vital to sustaining public confidence -- and marginal reformer shift money from construction -LRB- the sector that supports Mr. Koizumi 's political adversaries -RRB- toward high tech where all of Japan is placing its hopes .
Standards of living fall , incomes stagnate , hopes are dampened .
eCars - Now ! hopes to foster an ecosystem of car service workers and parts makers similar to the ecosystem of open-software programmers and generic computer hardware .
There are two hopes for avoiding this disastrous outcome .
Until September , Medvedev made great efforts to encourage hopes for change .
So those hopes were always false . Indeed , most of Russia 's rulers have been in office for the better part of a decade .
In the end , our hopes were frustrated .
But it would take a medium-sized political miracle for these hopes not to be disappointed , and such a miracle will not happen -- whoever is elected .
Moreover , hopes for mitigating or , indeed , overcoming the global economic crisis rest exclusively with the emerging economic powers , first and foremost China .
All they will leave behind for their people is another wasted chance , with shattered hopes and unpaid bills .
So it is worth looking back to the hopes that were linked to those wonderfully expectant days and nights on Maidan Square in the center of Kiev , and to Yushchenko 's electoral victory .
Today , the hopes of the world economy rest with the emerging powers in east and south Asia , led by China and India .
Only if the trans-Atlantic partnership proves effective , as it did to meet the demands of the Cold War and the end of Europe 's division , can the West contribute to realizing the hopes engendered by the Arab uprisings .
Not unreasonably , the meeting has generated hopes and hot talk across the subcontinent .
So the regime hopes that Iraq becomes a quagmire , forcing the US to ask Syria for help .
The changes resonated with the hopes of the time , and leaders responded .
In extreme cases , as in Ireland -LRB- one hopes not in Spain -RRB- , the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country .
By concentrating on policies to sustain integration while at the same preserving the European social model , the European Council would again become a relevant policy forum where the real needs and hopes of citizens could find effective responses .
In the presidential election of June 2006 , he received 45.5 % of the vote -- not enough to defeat Alan García , but sufficient to show how deeply he had tapped into the hopes and trust of many Peruvians .
The Obama Surprise NEW YORK -- The high hopes surrounding Barack Obama 's presidency are mostly a good thing , as they remind us that much of the anti-American sentiment that is so apparent around the world is not and need not be permanent .
As a result , some terrorists , one hopes , will decide to become former terrorists -- and some young radicals might now think twice before deciding to become terrorists in the first place .
The government hopes that these foreign investments will set the stage for the banks to go public on stock exchanges in Hong Kong and elsewhere during 2006 , whereas foreign banks are investing with an eye to penetrating the enormous Chinese market .
It might also prevent rapprochement between Greece and Turkey , despite the hopes raised by Greek Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis 's recent visit to Turkey -- the first in almost a half-century .
The Palestinian Authority has received more aid per capita than did post-war Europe under the Marshall Plan , yet the politics of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict have foiled hopes of a broader Euro-Mediterranean framework that , through dialogue and investment , would bring tangible improvements to the lives of millions .
The vibrant pro-Western , pro-American , and anti-mullah society , on which American and European hopes relied , undoubtedly exists , but mostly among the educated and urban middle class .
We believe that the former communist Central and Eastern European countries are in a unique position to support the democracy movements in Cuba based on the similarities of their histories and experiences . Our intentions in pushing for democratization are based on friendship and cooperation , good will and an understanding of the needs , expectations and hopes of Cuban people .
When the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes were discovered more than a decade ago , there were high hopes for novel and targeted therapies .
In addition to air-power , America 's government hopes to control its proxies by means of the Special Forces and ` advisors ' working on the ground .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
Thus , it hopes to divert public attention from still non-existent basic services , continuing sectarianism , weak oil production , scant infrastructure investment , and rampant corruption and cronyism .
But this initial triumph of the PC -LRB- and very substantial sales in the 1980 's -RRB- did not immediately fulfill all the initial hopes for individual empowerment and social transformation .
Indeed China-mania , a mixture of hopes , but mostly fears , is sweeping the world due to China 's rapid economic rise .
The downside was shoved onto the rest of society , particularly the relatively uneducated and underpaid , who now have lost their houses , their jobs , their hopes for their children , or all of the above .
Thus , the prime minister 's office will more closely resemble the US White House , which he hopes will enable both countries to communicate their intentions continuously and reliably .
With almost daily terrorist attacks , ordinary citizens victimized by shell and gunfire or misconceived bombing , the abuses of Iraqi prisoners , and the hostility of Iraq 's Shiites - on whom the US had pinned high hopes for the peace process - American policy is in jeopardy of failure .
Many Russian officials will lose patience with Russia 's remaining a status-quo power , and one hopes that they will not seek confrontation .
Our hopes were not starry-eyed self-deception .
So far , only the US and Russia -- with the assistance , one hopes , of China , India , and EU -- can hope to address these problems more or less effectively .
Back then , Afghanistan 's people held great hopes for an immediately wonderful future .
Some of those hopes were fulfilled .
Few have any real hopes of that .
A well-organized team would collapse like a house of cards , and the hopes for future space research and missile design would be dashed , threatening the country 's security .
Today , Shevardnadze is pinning his hopes for economic revival on a pipeline to deliver Caspian Sea oil to the West . Here again , it seems , is the old Soviet obsession with giant industrial projects built at the expense of making improvements in the everyday lives of ordinary people .
The MDGs might once have seemed to be merely a set of hopes and aspirations . Now we know that they are actually a practical roadmap out of poverty .
We need to recognize what Martin Luther King , Jr. called the `` fierce urgency of now '' if we are to safeguard millions of people 's livelihoods and hopes for the future .
These policies were undertaken at a time when the EU economy was doing well and -- one hopes -- with full knowledge that they would have significant costs .
One hopes that North Korea 's recent behavior -- the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March , and now the shelling of Yeonpyeong island -LRB- which followed a supposedly `` accidental '' shooting incident in the DMZ in October -RRB- -- will focus minds in Beijing .
By controlling the sea lanes , China hopes to gain leverage over India 's capacity for economic growth .
Clinton 's visit has done the reverse : it has shocked China -- one hopes in a way that moderates its behavior in the region .
Now the axis has crushed hopes of passing a new European constitution in Brussels by demanding the so-called `` double majority '' rule , which would seriously weaken medium-size and smaller countries ' voting power by comparison to what was agreed three years ago in Nice .
Many hopes throughout the world are now directed toward President Barack Obama , who enters his presidency with a moral claim that is extraordinarily high for a politician .
For both the PLO and Hamas , this refers to various UN resolutions and international public opinion , which have amounted to little more than lip service on the part of Western powers and Arab and Islamic leaders , whose statements raise false hopes , enticing Palestinian negotiators to harden their positions .
I am writing you in the hope that you will take time from your busy schedule as Israel 's acting Prime Minister to hear one Palestinian 's hopes .
When Japan 's asset-price bubble burst in 1990-91 , Japanese investors pulled out of the US-leading to a credit crunch and the mild recession that torpedoed President Bush 's re-election hopes in 1992 .
Increasingly , Japan 's great postwar generation will see their hopes -- and their savings -- turn to dust .
These hopes have proven illusory .
Conceived , perhaps , with the best intentions , the Morales model is giving hope to Bolivia 's poorest ; but it will only pave the way for frustrated hopes - -- also nothing new in Bolivia .
Obama 's election has raised hopes for a massive commitment to carbon cuts and vast spending on renewable energy to save the world -- especially developing nations .
One hopes that this task has been made slightly simpler by the publication of a book in which the Copenhagen Consensus economists boil down their insights .
The Copenhagen Consensus Center set out to ask people in global-warming hot spots about their fears and hopes . In Mojo , central Ethiopia , our researchers met Tadese Denkue , a 68-year-old former soldier with no regular income .
That Walt Whitman and Mark Twain , Herman Melville , Henry James , and John Dos Passos had lived here , that Enescu , Brancusi , or Eugen Ionesco had been successful here in no way raised my hopes .
Appeasing Ozawa , however , is contrary to public sentiment and detrimental to the DPJ 's hopes of regaining popular support .
This has in large part accounted for Barroso 's high hopes of getting a second term .
Multilateral institutions that served as pillars of German foreign policy for almost half-a-century have been weakened : the European Union 's hopes for common foreign , security , and defense policies have been gravely jeopardized .
One hopes that the 2005 Defense Review will address this issue , although it is certain to answer some strategic questions and leave others open to continued debate .
My generation was forged by protests and police truncheons , by the hopes generated not only by the Prague Spring , but also by the Polish student movement that March , the Paris events of May , and the first signs of Russian democracy voiced in the early books of Sakharov and Solzhenitsyn .
Many of the actions and policies of the Coalition Provisional Authority -LRB- CPA -RRB- , as well as higher-level Bush administration decisions , seem to point to a resigned acceptance that early hopes that Iraq would embrace Western-style democracy were misplaced .
Indeed , such hopes were misplaced .
Should Mousavi persuade Khamenei to reconsider his position , the Supreme Leader 's hold on power will be shaken . If Khamenei holds fast , Mousavi can not gain the presidency , but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of Iranians who differ dramatically with their government .
It is , after all , a European nation in cultural , if not political terms , whereas progress in China will not be measured by the introduction of Western-style democracy , but eventually , one hopes , by Singapore-style rule of law .
In Davos this year , great hopes have given way to great apprehensions .
The pride that Americans -- and Africans -- have felt since Obama 's election is important and , one hopes , will bring long-term benefits .
Within Cuba , he hopes to legitimize his government by improving standards of living .
Today , similar hopes are often vested in the Internet , with high expectations that the wealth of online information might trigger the same kind of censorship failure in contemporary authoritarian states that we saw in Eastern Europe -- and with the same results .
The essential task for the European Socialist Party now is to build a vision for Europe that addresses its constituencies ' concerns and inspires their hopes .
Can a Mediterranean space nurtured by shared democratic values , interests , and hopes emerge from this maelstrom ?
But , without supervision , they will be held in an environment that could dash Zimbabweans ' hopes .
Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations .
Under the banner of `` simplification , '' the `` how '' is gravitating towards outsourcing most of the implementation to agencies that are to be endowed , one hopes , with greater flexibility to fulfill their specific missions .
While public euphoria and high hopes have been dampened , Kenyans remain resolutely engaged in the democratic process .
The 60 % turnout in the January elections and the scenes of Iraqis risking their lives to vote has led to hopes that a political settlement in Iraq may be possible .
At the same time , as Europe 's largest consumer of Russian gas , Germany has built its hopes for energy security on developing a rich web of economic ties with Russia .
He hopes that with a few months , he can then withdraw American troops to the periphery of Baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to Iraqi forces .
By flaunting its willingness to take greater risks , the North hopes to further enhance its bargaining power .
Lukashenko hopes that dramatic economic reforms will win Western support , disarm foreign and domestic critics , and achieve economic modernization under authoritarian rule .
When these hopes were dashed , the West reacted with stunned disbelief and anger , reinstating sanctions on 156 top Belarusian officials and members of Lukashenko 's family . The EU has since imposed additional sanctions on judges and other officials involved in punishing protestors , bringing the number of sanctioned individuals to 190 .
By provoking ethnic conflicts in the territories of former Soviet republics , Moscow hopes to keep them under its control and influence .
Across Latin America , voters -- voicing their economic hopes &#45; &#45; have opted for a new left .
Maalouf hopes that one day he can call all of the Middle East his homeland , and that his grandson will find his book a strange memento of a time when these arguments had to be put forward .
The best example is US President Barack Obama , on whom so many hopes rested -- probably too many for any one leader .
Young men and women throughout the region found their hopes dashed , and sometimes turned to militant Islam as the only alternative to a repressive state .
Can we prevent a calamitous increase in global warming in a way that is fair , that takes account of past and present responsibility , and that does not thwart legitimate hopes for a better life everywhere ?
Playing upon such hopes , China has been both coy and demanding .
The opportunities , hopes , and dreams delivered to the downtrodden and the vision and plans for Thailand 's future were enmeshed with his own venality .
The second is designed to bury whatever hopes still exist for signing a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol .
Devoid of histrionics , without pretension -- `` simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country '' -- she touched the hearts of freedom-loving Filipinos everywhere , the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of her husband evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes .
Here Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen offers his hopes for what type of treaty will emerge .
As a result , an administration in which many had placed high hopes is lapsing into demagoguery and ineffectiveness .
It will , one hopes , provide a detailed blueprint for the development of large-scale transactions-intensive industries such as wholesale and retail trade , domestic transport and supply-chain logistics , health care , and leisure and hospitality .
Nor should Asia draw a false sense of security from all the hype currently being accorded to the hopes and dreams of a so-called `` two-speed world . ''
But these hopes were dashed as international lending dried up and trade collapsed , sending developing countries down the same spiral that industrial nations took .
Today 's crises , one hopes , could be turned into a similar moment of political creativity .
One hopes that it changes course soon , before we all are forced to wear swimsuits to work .
If sovereign wealth funds want to enter and keep capital-starved firms afloat in hopes of a big rebound , they should be allowed to do so .
One hopes that President-elect Obama 's all-star economic team will at least adopt a coherent and consistent policy .
But , as in wartime , one hopes these effects are temporary .
But hopes that `` green shoots '' of recovery may be springing up have been dashed by plenty of yellow weeds .
This more challenging scenario of anemic recovery undermines hopes for a V-shaped recovery , as low growth and deflationary pressures constrain earnings and profit margins , and as unemployment rates above 10 % in most advanced economies cause financial shocks to re-emerge , owing to mounting losses for banks ' and financial institutions ' portfolios of loans and toxic assets .
So , as the optimists ' delusional hopes for a rapid V-shaped recovery evaporate , the advanced world will be at best in a long U-shaped recovery , which in some cases -- the eurozone and Japan -- may be long enough to stretch into an L-shaped near-depression .
Other eurozone leaders face stiff political opposition : Silvio Berlusconi in Italy , whom one hopes may soon be booted out of power ; José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero in Spain ; George Papandreou in Greece .
At last , the world must recognize that the hopes stirred by the 1990 's peace process have been completely dashed .
Those who cherish free political systems and free economic systems share similar hopes .
Working together , those hopes can become realities for many more people .
Part of the problem -- at least as far as elections are concerned -- is that the hopes projected by `` liberal '' and `` progressive '' parties are far more attractive and successful than a Conservative 's natural skepticism .
But let 's see the positive message instead : 190 countries agreed on a sensible plan , and the underlying science and technology gives us realistic hopes for achieving it .
President Barack Obama has raised hopes for a new strategy , but so far the forces of continuity in US policy are dominating the forces of change .
It offers countries the gains from increased international trade , faster diffusion of technologies to mutual benefit , and hopes for less cross-country violence and conflict .
The agreements in November suggest that most of the world shares such hopes , and is ready to commit political resources into the success of the process .
2005 is the year that words can become reality , and that the world can begin to fulfill its hopes for our new millennium .
Lebanon 's New Status Quo BEIRUT -- Hezbollah 's armed insurrection in May , which overran Beirut and other parts of Lebanon , has dealt a further blow to hopes of true state sovereignty in the country , strengthening Hezbollah and weakening the Western-backed government .
One hopes that China will derive a new measure of respect and self-confidence from these astounding Games .
But one also hopes that China 's successes will enable its leaders to feel strong enough to begin looking honestly at China 's recent past in a more critical way .
In hopes of stimulating FDI , bilateral agreements have multiplied , but they rarely lead to balanced commitments .
Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing , we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth , only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001 .
On a recent trip to Mexico I spoke to many Mexicans about the state of their economy and about their hopes for the future .
If the product helps families save , he hopes to persuade lawmakers to make this type of savings scheme easier to offer in America .
If they succeed in devising policies , laws , and incentives that achieve this , a byproduct would likely be a reduction in inequality , which one hopes would reinforce the improved sense of trustworthiness .
But any such hopes that the aftermath of the current crisis will turn out better are still in the category of thoughts , theories , and dreams , not science .
This , one hopes , will change the attitude of corporations that enrich themselves by paying dictators for the right to extract valuable resources that belong to the whole country .
No embryos are capable of suffering , or have hopes or desires for the future that are abruptly cut off by their death .
This has dispelled hopes that Asia economic activity could develop separately from that of the US , thereby offsetting European exporters ' losses in America .
`` The practice of calmness , of immobility , of certainty and security , suddenly breaks down , '' Keynes wrote . `` New fears and hopes will , without warning , take charge of human conduct . ''
But , by targeting this entitlement , Prime Minister David Cameron 's government hopes to give the British people a better understanding of the unfairness of the current welfare state .
China 's Next Mountain to Climb MILAN -- China is entering a complex set of transitions that will lay the foundations for the advanced-country status that it hopes to reach in the next 25 years .
But by that time , even the civilian chancellor had resolved on extravagant war aims that made hopes for a negotiated peace illusory .
The report by the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress will , one hopes , lead to a better understanding of the uses , and abuses , of that statistic .
INET has been given complete freedom -- with respect to both content and strategy -- and one hopes that it will draw further support from other sources .
But one hopes that campaign promises wo n't tie the new leader 's hands , as so often happens in electoral politics .
This , one hopes , is the silver lining in the cloud now hanging over the World Bank .
In today 's neighborhood , where EU expansion is not in the cards , Europe hopes to shore up its presence by opening its huge internal market and increasing assistance .
It is not farfetched to imagine that Gbagbo hopes to convert his loss at the polls into a similar pact with Ouattara .
At its best and at its worst , the UN is a mirror of our world : it reflects our differences and our convergences , our hopes and aspirations , and our limitations and failures .
My hopes for success are buoyed by my ability to call my mother inexpensively and discuss the farm .
So who will be Russia 's next president is now a certainty ; less obvious is what he hopes to achieve .
Today 's economic silver bullet is an `` innovation city '' in Skolkovo , which the government hopes will spur inflows of modern technology .
Russia 's other selfish aim has been to exempt from sanctions the Bushehr nuclear-reactor project it is building for Iran , and to ward off a UN-sponsored financial squeeze on Iran that might put at risk the profits Russia hopes to earn from providing nuclear fuel for the reactor , which is due to be commissioned late this year .
To do otherwise is to surrender not only our freedom , but our hopes for better lives .
Turkey is still an active and influential member , and hopes to benefit as much as possible from membership .
The EU is pinning its hopes on one mechanism to reduce Greek debt : loans from the European Financial Stability Facility that would allow Greece to buy its own debt at a discount in the secondary market .
Those hopes have vanished .
Such are my hopes and expectations for the LHC .
Greater effort , in the form of research and resources , must be invested in better understanding the hopes and aspirations of young people .
This has led to a schism between the hopes young Muslims have for successful lives in the West and their aspirations for their Muslim brothers and sisters , who have suffered so many terrible disappointments .
Worse yet , America waved the banner of democracy as it prosecuted its wars . But hopes for democracy , be it secular or Islamist , for the people concerned have been buried in the rubble and carnage of Baghdad , Beirut , and Kandahar .
According to Israeli Vice Premier Shimon Peres , Israel hopes to isolate and contain the Shi'a \/ Farsi spheres of power by forging open cooperation with the Sunni\/Arab domain .
So maintaining that government in office has now become a strategic priority for Iran , particularly as it is now clear that any US hopes of using Iraq as a permanent military base are dead .
I remember the late 1980 's not only for its hopes for freedom , but also for a total absence of baby food for my newborn daughter .
There is enough baby food in the shops . But now there are no hopes for freedom .
But even skeptics nourish many hopes .
HAIFA -- Contrary to the hopes of many , the end of the Second World War and the shock of the Nazi atrocities did not mean the end of war and genocide .
Kan undoubtedly hopes that success in convincing trade partners to lift their bans on such products will boost his exceptionally weak domestic political support .
With its pursuit of research into the farthest reaches of the universe -- deep space -- South Africa hopes to provide further proof that Africans can compete at all levels .
He speaks the language of populism , raising hopes for the vast majority of South Africans who daily endure the misery of poor housing , schools , and health care .
