American reluctance to abandon Musharraf -- together with prolonged electricity shortages , which made the new government appear incompetent -- also raised his hopes .
This indicates that the US will not back Musharraf in any confrontation between him and Pakistan 's democratic forces . Most Pakistanis hope so .
There is much hope , though , in the vibrancy of the Pakistani media , as well as in the energy that the legal community generated last March in restoring deposed Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammad Chaudhry to his seat on the Supreme Court .
Financially insolvent and politically paralyzed , Pakistan needs international help to bring development to its liberated tribal areas and hope to the young people -- 65 % of the population -- who live there .
The point is to allow for some debate to take place in the hope of producing the sorely needed vision of change .
Assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten -- and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking Syria 's alliance with Iran .
Ayman 's father quietly says , `` My children are my hope . '' The children of Gaza are a light in the darkness . They deserve a chance to shine .
When private borrowers default , bankruptcy courts supervise a bankruptcy or reorganization process through which even unsecured creditors can hope to recover something .
Serbia welcomes delay in the hope that this will stimulate violence by frustrated Kosovars , thereby increasing Europe 's opposition to independence and bolstering Serbia 's dedication to maintaining the status quo , or , as a last resort , to partitioning Kosovo .
Israel is considering Abbas 's request to transfer arms and ammunitions from Egypt and Jordan in hopes of bolstering his loyalist forces .
In the process , Hamas hopes to win the international legitimacy that it has long sought .
Neither track of Palestinian politics -- resistance or negotiation -- offers hope of achieving independence .
We now risk failing to meet the Millennium Development GOAL , set out by the United Nations , of reversing the spread of AIDS , TB and malaria by 2015 . This failure will make remote any hope of reaching the other Millennium goals in the fight against poverty .
The idea that a sharp increase in military spending in a -LRB- hopefully temporarily -RRB- bellicose world should be amortized with some deficits is consistent with sound economic policy , but only if the rest of the budget remains `` lean . ''
That is why Europeans should hope that the wave of corporate restructuring and reformation , which many thought would follow inevitably in the wake of the creation of the single market , begins to crest across the Continent and change the way businesses are run .
The Parmalat scandal may have been a blow to global capitalism , but in Italy it is hoped that it might sound the death knell for an economic system traditionally based much more on `` connections '' amongst private groups - and between these groups and the public sector - than on competitive markets .
I hope that the third one will win out , because it would mean relatively open borders , no discrimination , and less government intervention .
Given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the EU , and the stingy attitude of the Union to its new members , it should not surprise anyone if an anti-European reaction soon starts to brew in these countries .
It is this agenda , rather than the hollow hope of open sectoralism , that should be the main priority of trade negotiators in the future .
Everyone must compromise , but they must also see their own hopes and concerns reflected in a final text .
He delivered the clean bill of health that Saddam had hoped for when he began hiding his atomic factories and ambitions .
Despair is dangerous in diplomacy . But North Korea 's latest actions are making much of Asia hopeless .
In this , he received enthusiastic support from the Bush administration , which hopes that Erdogan might have found a way to mix democracy and Islam .
One would hope that his removal would reduce market volatility and stabilize oil prices .
Yet our modest ongoing endeavors in Congo ? a police advisory mission known as EUPOL and a defense reform mission called EUSEC ? and in Sudan , where 60 Europeans are providing staff support to the African Union 's AMIS II mission in Darfur , offer grounds for hope .
Reforms of the labor market , the pension system , and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions -- all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and , therefore , hope -- reflect a profound change in the public 's perception of the country 's long-term needs .
Before the euro , a country facing a public-finance crisis would have been forced into a predictable , hopeless sequence : devaluation of its currency , followed by inflation , which alleviated the public-debt burden .
There is reason to hope that some of the EU 's member states will embark on this venture in fighting crime and terrorism , defense matters , or in financial and budgetary harmonization .
One push is for governments to provide for their people ; the other calls for governments to stop restricting their people 's freedom , particularly their economic liberty . The first type of reform will likely only exacerbate the Arab world 's grave problems ; the second offers hope for positive and sustainable change .
Another hoped-for benefit was that capital gains could be converted into home equity loans , boosting homeowners ' living standards .
Beyond that , one can only hope that current external economic disturbances do not lead to a global disaster .
Let us hope that Rousseff continues to narrow this gap and can give Brazilians the country they deserve .
I hope that spirit will spread far beyond San José , and that other regions will join us in recognizing that while our borders may define our territories , having the courage to reach across them defines our character -- and , ultimately , our future success or failure .
When asked by a journalist what I would like to say to Saif al-Islam if I were ever to meet him again , I replied : `` I hope to see you in the International Criminal Court , beside Mubarak and Ben Ali . ''
Medvedev obviously hopes to reach out and improve Russia 's and his own standing in the world .
Obama 's administration had hoped for a final breakthrough in Russia 's WTO talks , but Putin 's actions have eliminated prospects for such an outcome .
Yet there is still hope that Putin encounters a sufficiently negative reaction that he changes his stance on WTO accession .
With the Obama administration focused on Afghanistan and Iran , the Kremlin hopes that a West in need of its cooperation will acquiesce in its demands .
· Form a strategic partnership with the traffickers in the hope that they keep to a `` gentleman 's agreement '' and commit themselves to lowering the level of violence and avoiding confrontations with police and the military .
Realistic conflict management will replace utopian hopes for conflict resolution .
One can not be certain of such an outcome , of course , but it is now the best that one can realistically hope for .
But , after 15 months on the job , and innumerable visits to the region , all Mitchell has to show for his efforts is an agreement between Israel and the Palestinian Authority to start indirect `` proximity talks '' -- which it is hoped will lead to direct talks in due course .
But whether these talks will lead to an agreement , let alone within one year as US President Barack Obama hopes , is another matter .
When Obama , two days into his presidency , appointed former Senator George Mitchell as his special envoy to the Middle East , many hoped that within two years his efforts would lead to an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians -- and to a comprehensive peace between Israel and all its Arab neighbors .
Whether these exaggerated hopes should be traced to Obama 's inexperience or to hubris -- or both -- is a moot point : what is clear is that , after 18 months and numerous visits to the region , Mitchell was able to achieve only an agreement in principle by Israel and the Palestinians to start talking to each other .
Cairo 's Tahrir Square has become a symbol for both hope and `` people power . ''
But , in order to realize the hope that ordinary soldiers take from the new jargon , Western leaders will need to forge a clear political strategy for Afghanistan , without which the country will remain at war .
This is a boost for the IMF , and it gives hope to emerging and developing countries that have been severely hit by a crisis that originated elsewhere .
The signing ceremony is therefore a message of hope .
Within the Balkans , however , it has become a political tool that both nationalists and their opponents exploit in a never-ending game of divide and -LRB- hope to -RRB- rule .
This hopeful direction changed completely , however , when Deng Xiaoping revealed his desire for a violent crackdown .
A vocal minority of Moldova 's people believe that merging their country with Romania would put the country into the express lane to EU membership , with its generous financial perks and , perhaps most enticing of all , passports that would enable them to escape a no-hope economy to build lives elsewhere .
Next week , when leaders meet in Rome , I hope that we will agree on the key priorities to fight hunger and food insecurity , and in particular to establish an authoritative source of advice on food security to governments and international institutions .
It might have been hoped that the bank supervisors who stress-tested the banks would try to estimate the size of the banks ' losses on toxic assets .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
Those who organized this coup hoped that it would lead to greater things for themselves ; those who signed a petition of protest were fired not long after .
I hope it does n't happen . ''
Not only Israel and the US , but also Egypt and Saudi Arabia have hoped for the political demise of this friend of every radical regional cause -- from Hamas and Iran to the anti-Western forces in Lebanon -- that they oppose .
Israel is not wrong to cast serious doubts on the efficacy of the measures that the United States pretends to take in the hope of curtailing Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
They failed to advance their peace initiative with Israel , and are complicit in the blockade of Gaza in the hope that Hamas will collapse , thereby humbling their own Islamist oppositions .
Such was the existentialist worldview of US President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Theodore Roosevelt , a major advocate of American expansionism : `` A just war is , in the long run , far better for a man 's soul than the most prosperous peace . '' A century later , another American president , Barack Obama , immersed in two hopeless wars in the Middle East , received his Nobel Peace Prize with an apology for `` just wars . ''
Such is now the loss of hope in a negotiated solution that those who advocate an internationally imposed solution seem to be gaining ground .
To be sure , much hope still lies in popular diplomacy , in civil society mobilizing for peace .
The masses called for a revolution , while the army conducted its own coup d'etat in the hope of saving what is essential in the system while sacrificing the man who embodied it .
Unlike Israel 's peace with Egypt -LRB- and , one hopes , its peace with Syria -RRB- , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is rooted in more than a real-estate dispute .
But that despairing hope , uttered by a desperate Gazan , will not materialize .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
For the rest of us , notwithstanding the Union 's unprecedented eastward enlargement , the schisms that erupted over the Iraq war , and the other frictions that are bound to result from Europe 's flexible , evolutionary approach to constitution-making , there is also a lot of hope in this extended struggle for self-definition .
Some Nato members hope to evade these problems altogether through delay .
If they really hoped to be believed , they should have listened to my interlocutors in the old city of Riga over the next few days .
At home , Merkel can hope to reap the rewards .
One can only hope that this recognition will serve as her guidepost when tough decisions must be made and changes in style alone will not be enough .
Instead , its leaders hope that a robust international force in southern Lebanon will provide protection for northern Israel , leaving them with a free hand to deal unilaterally with Gaza and the West Bank , while committing the international community to Israel 's failed unilateralism .
So not only has the MPC kept interest rates at a rock-bottom 0.5 % since 2009 , but policy has been loosened further by the Bank of England 's so-called `` quantitative easing '' -- that is , expanding the monetary base by the stroke of a pen in the hope of reinvigorating domestic credit markets .
Is it too unrealistic to hope that the Obama administration , which has so far been far too responsive to weak economics and strong politics , will stand up to these demands ?
Ukraine 's Orange Revolution in 2004 ignited the hope of a new wave of democratic reforms in the countries to the east of the European Union -- a period of so-called `` color '' revolutions .
Over the years , those leaders hoped to reap the benefits of reform while avoiding the blame , so they routinely let EU officials based in Brussels take the political heat for unpopular but necessary measures .
And the means , however `` boring . '' must be appropriate to realizing this commitment : a combination of sustainable retirement systems , better designed unemployment benefit systems , negative income taxes , training programs , and the like . Only by employing the rhetoric of commitment to mobilize the troops while devoting careful attention to the center 's concern with methods can the left hope to return to power .
As in real life , fans can be torn between their hopes for victory and their fear of defeat .
So many hopes have vanished in the bitter failure of so many negotiations .
By openly inviting the police to jail otherwise respected members of the community , these activists hope to show the absurdity of harsh anti-drug laws .
Last summer , in response to the UN decision , 78 Nobel laureates signed a petition discouraging the adoption of an international ban on human cloning , because `` it would condemn hundreds of millions of individuals afflicted by debilitating diseases to a life deprived of hope . ''
The European Parliament 's new stance may , I hope , mark the beginning of a radical policy shift by all actors involved in rebuilding Afghanistan .
I hope that this approach will allow a wide consensus in the General Assembly , and that any last minute change of heart will fail .
Indeed , consider defense . A single standing EU army in lieu of Europe 's largely irrelevant and inefficient national armed forces , with a budget of around 1 % of EU GDP -- some ¤ 130 billion -- would instantly become the world 's second leading military force , after the US , in terms of resources and , one would hope , capabilities .
I suspect that the indicators in Colombia , Mexico , Peru , or Chile will not be any more hopeful , and that their governments ` promises , too , have not been kept .
Most European officials hope that , when combined with substantial public money to support troubled sovereign debt , it will .
Indeed , in the Great Depression of the 1930 's , it was common for Western intellectuals to turn to communism and central planning as a hoped-for panacea .
In the meantime , let 's hope that Messrs. Bernanke , King , Trichet , and the world 's other central bank governors get monetary policy roughly right , and that our politicians do n't waste vast sums on ineffective fiscal stimulus .
For example , French President Nicholas Sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be `` growth industries . ''
If we tackle our common problems together , China and Europe can be instrumental in turning the twenty-first century into a century of hope .
The Chinese Communist Party hoped to use the Games to showcase the country 's emergence as a dynamic , modern nation .
Of course what they hope is that the Games will channel these energies toward national solidarity , which will allow the leadership to deliver its people a moment of achievement and patriotic glory .
In 2001 , then President Jiang Zemin hoped the Games would herald China 's arrival as an industrialized power .
In 2007 , arguing that it was their turn to choose a chief executive , they bitterly opposed a bid by then-President Olusegun Obasanjo , a southerner and a Christian , to rewrite Nigeria 's constitution in hopes of winning a third term .
In Washington , many Democrats will use these policy debates to capitalize on popular fury at Wall Street , while many Republicans look for an opening to capitalize on hoped-for public anger at the Democrats .
But if Iraq 's leaders can create enough near-term stability to combine Lebanon 's openness and entrepreneurial energy with the revenue that comes from development of the country 's vast oil reserves -- an advantage that Lebanon 's leaders can only envy -- Iraq might one day offer citizens of neighboring states something they do n't have : a hopeful model for the future .
Having returned to the bargaining table in a position of strength , North Korea now hopes to secure a compromise that frees up the leadership 's assets and brings new benefits that help buttress the regime a little longer .
Musharraf hoped to extend his presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that he renounce his military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister .
Second , Turkey 's government hopes to keep the country 's bid to join the European Union moving forward .
The idea was to study mutants of C. elegans in the hope of finding mutants of genes that regulate behavior .
The Belgian judge , everyone here now hopes , will shortly seek Habré 's extradition from Senegal , where Habré 's victims began their quest two years ago .
Activists in Fatah , Hamas 's nationalist rival which runs the PA , make no secret of their hope that Hamas loses the war .
We hope that the new stimulus package helps to move China toward greener development , and that countries follow suit .
Unfortunately , the proverbial Washington political gridlock leaves little hope for fixing the problem , adding to the impression of a giant with clay feet .
More strikingly , some of our hopes for a new social order also crashed against the rocks of the new rules of the game .
Perhaps this is one reason why Alexi responded positively to Benedict 's first speech urging reconciliation , saying that he hopes that this will improve `` Orthodox-Catholic relations on the post-Soviet territory . ''
In both Rome and Moscow , there is growing hope that a road to Christian unity can be built , but it is increasingly clear that the road can be completed only by passing through Berlin .
Gilani did , however , say that they had `` discussed all core issues , including Kashmir , '' and that they `` hope the next round will be more constructive , more positive , and will open up a new chapter in the history of both countries . ''
The ISI seemed to be keeping its lines of communications open to some Taliban in the hope that they could be used as a reserve force in case of another military confrontation with India or a precipitous American withdrawal from Afghanistan .
Only a politician who has the support of major constituencies can hope to restore political order and economic health , and Musharraf is presenting himself as a candidate whom the military might support .
Despite all the grim news and auguries , there is some hope , owing to the increased political mobilization of Pakistan 's middle classes , whose members have finally begun to question those espousing extremism .
So all hope is not lost in Pakistan .
I do hope that President Musharraf and his family will enjoy their visit to our country . ''
But , for both countries , hope dies last .
Did the Pakistanis allow Bin Laden to hide in the hope of using him as a bargaining chip in the endgame for Afghanistan ?
Europeans like to sneer at American political jamborees as being hopelessly vulgar .
One can only hope that this crack of freedom will widen in time .
Perhaps the citizens of Belgium do not have enough in common anymore , and Flemish and Walloons would be better off being divorced . But one hopes not .
Still , the illusion was nice while it lasted , and Obamamania may contain an element of nostalgia , as well as hope .
The nation they had grown up looking up to , as a beacon of hope -- a place that , while flawed , still inspired dreams of a better future and produced great movies , soaring buildings , rock 'n' roll , John F. Kennedy , and Martin Luther King -- had been hopelessly tainted by reckless wars , officially sanctioned torture , coarse chauvinism , and extraordinary political arrogance .
Europeans -- and others -- may regard China 's rise with awe , and hope to find a modus vivendi with Russia , but without the hopes inspired by that extraordinary republic , which represents the worst and the best of our battered Western world , we would all be much worse off .
It is our only hope .
Most presidents hope to attach some special meaning to their time in office . The terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , gave neo-con intellectuals the chance to lend their brand of revolutionary idealism to the Bush\/Cheney enterprise .
Intellectuals , usually powerless themselves outside the rarified preserves of think tanks and universities , are sometimes too easily attracted to powerful leaders , in the hope that such leaders might actually carry out their ideas .
In an ideal world , he would agree to return to Los Angeles , face his judges , and hope that his case will be dismissed .
They hoped that men who managed to accumulate so much personal wealth could do the same for their voters .
Reagan , Thatcher , and Gorbachev , assisted in the end of an ideology , which once offered hope , and inspired real progress , but resulted in slavery and mass murder .
We are still waiting for a new vision , which will lead to progress , but this time , we hope , without tyranny .
The best we can hope for is that liberal democracies will muddle through this period of unease -- that demagogic temptations will be resisted , and violent impulses contained .
Clearly , then , whatever de Coubertin might have hoped , cosmopolitanism and cross-cultural brotherhood comes less naturally to human beings than the raw emotions of the tribe .
Or so we must hope .
It keeps alive a sense of decency , a hope that a better society is still possible -- for Palestinians and Israelis alike .
During World War II , European monarchs kept a sense of hope and unity alive among their subjects under Nazi occupation .
On the contrary , it is precisely the middle class , bought off by promises of ever-greater material gains , that hopes to conserve the current political order .
We should hope that they will live to see the day when the Chinese , too , will be a free people .
The greatest hope is to be found in the ongoing information , Bio - , Nano - , Energetics , and Quantum technology revolutions .
I hope that the European Parliament 's Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice , and Home Affairs will reconsider its behavior , and that the `` Buttiglione affair '' will remain only an ordinary political injustice against a single individual rather than the harbinger of second-class citizenship for religious believers .
He hoped that Germany could be separated from Nazism , that Nazism could be destroyed without destroying Germany , thus preserving that great nation as a bulwark against the Soviet Union .
The hope of breaking Nazi power while preserving Germany from the destiny of utter destruction and bloodshed that awaited it in the last months of the war was a noble one , even if in the end it proved to be unrealistic .
If Pius sinned with this hope , his was a noble sin .
Guineans in fact had little choice but to accept Dadis Camara 's promise of elections and a return to civilian rule -- at least until the murder of 157 opposition protesters by members of the Guinean military at Conakry stadium in October 2009 seemed to dash all hope for such an outcome .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
Nevertheless , profound economic and political transformation in Latin America has masked a deep disparity between reforms and reality -- indeed , between hopes and their fulfillment .
His opponents have responded by proclaiming their right to self-determination and threatening to boycott the referendum with which he hopes to legalize the reform .
Republican underperformance remains a stubborn fact even when the Great Depression and World War II are left out of the analysis -LRB- in the fond hope that they will prove to have been unique experiences -RRB- .
Down through the years , I have seen despair and frustration evolve into optimism and progress and , even now , we need not give up hope for permanent peace for Israelis and freedom and justice for Palestinians if three basic premises are honored :
It is inarguable that Israel has a right to defend itself against attacks on its citizens , but it is inhumane and counterproductive to punish civilian populations in the illogical hope that somehow they will blame Hamas and Hezbollah for provoking the devastating response .
These are ambitious hopes , but even if the UN Security Council adopts and implements a resolution that would lead to such an eventual solution , it will provide just another band-aid and temporary relief .
Traumatized Israelis cling to the false hope that their lives will be made safer by incremental unilateral withdrawals from occupied areas , while Palestinians see their remnant territories reduced to little more than human dumping grounds surrounded by a provocative `` security barrier '' that embarrasses Israel 's friends and fails to bring safety or stability .
Global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality , combat HIV\/AIDS , and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world -- and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate -- are married before they reach age 15 . Child marriage also thwarts ambitions to eliminate extreme poverty and promote gender equality .
The hope that economic development would have the same secularizing effect as in the West also proved false .
We can only hope that the American public will reject not just the insistent calls to derail the construction of the Park 51 project , but also the contested assumptions that underpin opposition to it .
In Brasil , President Luiz Ignacio da Silva Lula 's main issue , demand and hope was for a reduction or elimination in the US tariff on ethanol imports .
This is one reason why I wrote a short but -- I hope -- useful book on Mexican immigration to the United States , entitled Ex-Mex : From Migrants to Immigrants .
First , Raúl will barely be able to budge even on the modest , strictly economic and regulatory reforms that he hopes , somewhat naïvely , will put food back on Cubans ' table .
The hope is that this new grouping will eventually supplant the Organization of American States .
One hopes that Lula can survive without having to rely on such cynicism .
We hope to see the start of parliamentary cooperation , as well as exchanges between local and regional authorities of the thirty-three EU and partner countries .
Alemán , too , faces a rebellion in his Liberal Constitutional Party -LRB- PLC -RRB- , led by former Treasury Minister Eduardo Montealegre , a presidential hopeful popular in the party 's liberal wing .
Beyond the vast questions of geopolitics and security , we might also hope for another realization to come out of September 11th .
Yet he spent all of last year assiduously courting the government in Beijing in the hope that he could make China a global partner on issues ranging from climate change to trade and financial regulation .
Unraveling how the bears accomplish this miraculous feat may offer hope to the estimated 1.5 million people worldwide receiving treatment for kidney failure .
So , for millions of such children , the future holds little promise or hope .
A nation hopelessly beaten in every battle of the war , one army captured and the other overwhelmingly routed , with a navy swept from the seas that dictated her own terms to the victor . ''
But women who believe that their best hope for security is to find a husband often tell interviewers that if other women are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex , men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it .
Tudor seems to hope that by putting on a yarmulke and repenting his anti-Semitism , he will deceive a few naive Western politicians .
A third are damaged beyond repair , another third are hopelessly unprofitable , and the rest are a mismanaged assortment of plants , a few of which could potentially produce something of value , but only with proper management and incentives .
Trying to give these hopelessly inefficient enterprises a new lease on life would make Iraqis poorer without reducing the violence .
They can not afford to switch off any of these engines and hope to maintain a political community .
Yet talks between the US and China on climate change currently present two contrasting scenarios , one hopeful , the other discouraging .
Many politicians try to stay as close to prevailing majority views as possible . They regard this as `` democratic '' and hope that such fidelity to the popular will guarantees them re-election .
In today 's crisis , anyone who believes in Western values must hope that such politicians emerge victorious .
It requires plausible leadership and the reasonable hope that things will get better before long .
Perhaps the German Chancellor hopes that in the shadows of such an all-party Convention he can quietly slip through `` reforms '' that are , for the most part , really cuts in public expenditure for social services .
But it soon became clear that this occupation held out hope of a better future .
In the French zone -LRB- so I learned later -RRB- , the signs were less hopeful .
Where international peacekeepers stepped in they soon abandoned all hope of making Muslims and Christians , Croats and Serbs live as neighbors again even among those who had been peaceful neighbors in the past .
For those who have not abandoned hope for the eventual victory of enlightened values but who nonetheless see things as they are in the real world , a version of `` separate but equal '' may provide at least an interim answer .
So far as separateness is concerned , it should not be explicitly promoted unless a fence seems to be the only hope of peace .
In a sense it might be better to let such movements have a go at government and hope that they will fail - as have most of the current European groups of an antidemocratic ilk .
Even those who are certain , like North Africans in Spain and France , or Turks in Germany , had as their priority escaping the hopelessness of their home countries , not arriving at a particular destination .
If we are forced to abandon the hope of assimilation , our efforts should concentrate on creating a public space to which all contribute and that all enjoy .
Both leaders were outraged about a murderous dictator and hoped that toppling him would open the door for democracy in Iraq .
This -LRB- they hoped -RRB- would automatically bring about a degree of stability that would help resolve other conflicts in the region , and also guarantee the uninterrupted flow of oil .
In Europe then , the 8th of May 2005 is an occasion to look back in sorrow and anger . It is also an occasion to look forward with pride in the achievements of recent decades and therefore for hope .
Nevertheless , while a free society recognizes limits to inequality , it also accepts that inequality exists , for it provides hope for many by showing what one might achieve with ability and luck -- or perhaps even luck alone .
Nowadays the two largest parties can rarely hope to muster two-thirds of the popular vote .
Daniel Bell and Raymond Aron wrote about the end of fascist and communist ideology in the hope that we would enter an age of pragmatism in which politics would be a subject of argument and debate , not belief and total worldviews .
Likewise , the sharia , Islamic law , entered political life in its least enlightened version in hopeful democracies like Nigeria , to say nothing of Iran .
It may not be dignified to expect immigrant workers to do these `` dirty '' jobs , but to these workers such jobs offer a step on the ladder of hope as they help to keep advanced economies and societies functioning .
The fact that countries can be turned around is a reason for hope .
Some might argue that at a time when even major parties can no longer hope to gain the support of more than 50 % of the electorate , it is important that parliament reflects the variety of views held by the people who elect it .
They hope to perpetuate their influence by asserting claims of national sovereignty .
Mostly , these debates tended to reach the morose conclusion that a two-speed Europe would be hopelessly difficult to negotiate .
The central question will be whether Europe 's `` leaders '' deliberately play for failure , in the hope that the problem will go away .
Blair 's government may hope to be rescued by outside events .
Rather than admit any such thing , Chirac hurried to meet German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , so that they could jointly reaffirm their traditional alliance as the spiritual leaders of this European project , in the hope that the Constitutional Treaty might yet be rescued .
The choice facing Brown is whether to cling silently to the existing policy , in the futile hope that the problem will go away , or explicitly recognize Britain 's share in the disaster .
We can only hope that the bankers are eventually rescued from the burning eurotower by Super-Sarkozy and Wonder-Frau Merkel -- and that the Basel Committee of Banking Supervisors ensures that there will be no sequel .
So they have handed it over to technocrats , in the hope that they make rational choices that benefit everyone .
We hope the US will change its `` war on terror '' paradigm and re-think its conception of a global armed conflict against Al Qaeda .
In all of these cases , Obama is ruling , or trying to rule , by taking positions that are at the technocratic good-government center , and then taking two steps to the right -- sacrificing some important policy goals -- in the hope of attracting Republican votes and thereby demonstrating his commitment to bipartisanship .
But the battle to transform the economies of the Middle East -- the only hope of preventing fanaticism from claiming a generation of young unemployed Arabs and Iranians -- is only beginning .
There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation -- and possibly three generations -- behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy , and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology .
Let us hope that the looming debate goes well .
`` Such is their extreme desire to return to their homes , '' Machiavelli wrote , apropos of Ahmad Chalabi and the Iraqi National Congress , `` that they naturally believe many things that are not true , and add many others on purpose ; so that , with what they really believe and what they say they believe , they fill you with hopes ... ''
Card-carrying neo-liberals like me , who pushed for opening capital flows wide in the early 1990 's , had a particular vision in mind . But the future that we hoped for did not come to pass .
But the hope for a repetition of the late 19th-century experience has - so far - proved vain .
Yet there is cause for hope .
I hope that it is the fact of European interdependence - an interdependence carefully constructed by Jean Monnet , Robert Schumann , Konrad Adenauer , and those who followed in their footsteps - and not the memory of the horror of World War II that has caused the armies that used to cross the Rhine in arms to vanish .
I hope to be surprised .
I hope to see governments in Western Europe and the US face up to their responsibilities and conduct sensible , sustainable fiscal policies .
But that is my hope , not my forecast .
But there is one glimmer of hope .
· Maximizing economic -- and also social and cultural -- contact between rich and poor nations is the best way we can think of to aid the flow of knowledge about technology and organization , which is the last best hope for rapid world development .
Maximizing economic , social , and cultural contact between rich and poor remains both the best way to aid the flow of knowledge and the last best hope for rapid world development .
Of course , conservatives and Republicans could hope that their own favorite policy priorities would emerge as the administration 's preferred strategy .
Americans evidently hope for a world in which they can have feckless deficit-generating fiscal policies , a very low private savings rate , and a moderate rate of investment , all financed by foreign capital whose owners are happy to bear the risks yet have no control over their assets .
The Fed hopes that it can handle the current situation without being forced to rescue market liquidity by cutting interest rates and thus giving what it fears would be an unhealthy boost to spending .
The Fed still hopes that liquidity and confidence can be restored quickly , and that the summer of 2007 will serve future economists as an example of how de-linked financial markets can be from the flows of spending and production in the real economy .
Today , the principal source of international economic disorder is made in China , owing to factions inside its government that hope to avoid a more-rapid appreciation of the renminbi 's value .
There is some optimism about Japan getting on its feet again , but over the past , vastly disappointing , decade , too many pseudo-recoveries have been glimpsed in Japan to justify such hopes .
So America remains the world economy 's last best hope .
The hope was that , like the pre-1913 era of British overseas investment , which financed a huge amount of industrialization in the resource-rich , temperate periphery of the world economy , net capital outflows from the industrial core would finance much late twentieth and twenty-first century industrialization .
And we can hope that these capital flows will carry with them the institutions and managerial expertise that have made the core so wealthy .
But all of this would require extraordinary patience on the part of the Workers ' Party and its supporters , whose hopes must be deferred as immediate priority is given to appeasing the bond market .
The Treasury and Federal Reserve are adding preferred stock to the balance sheets of the US mortgage giants Fannie Mae and FHLBC and the insurance giant AIG in the hope of shoring up their capital cushions and lowering their borrowing costs so that they can buy more mortgages .
Even after central banks have pushed government bond prices as high as they can go , they should keep buying government bonds for cash , in the hope that people whose pockets are full of cash will spend more of it , and that this will directly pull people out of joblessness and into employment .
Certainly , few observers looking in 1978 at the smoldering embers of the Cultural Revolution , or at the seeming ruination of the post-1989 years , thought China would emerge as the lightning rod of the world 's developmental hopes .
And , at least so far , the boom has not induced the systemic political changes for which many hoped .
So the best the world can currently hope for is revived dialogue , an agreement to freeze the North 's Yongbyon nuclear plant , and perhaps a moratorium on further missile and nuclear tests .
The best hope for most North Koreans is the subterranean market economy that fills the gaps in the state 's planned economy and public distribution system .
Without such a global agreement , the muddled interventions of today will continue , with little hope of any real improvement .
Since then , stability and hope have begun to return to a region affected by the destruction of war and the widespread despair of social displacement .
Vocational education and training development can make a powerful contribution towards achieving this goal . It can offer radical change in the lives of millions of people by helping them find work and thus providing hope of a better life for their families and children .
But , in the case of Turkey , Europe has long been reluctant to provide the same sort of incentives and hopes .
As a result , anxiety , hopelessness , and anger are spreading , as what was a financial crisis becomes an economic and human crisis .
Each country may hope that others will stimulate their demand while it preserves its fiscal headroom , thereby relying on exports as the engine of recovery . Each country may also be tempted by protectionist measures , trying to preserve domestic jobs at the expense of imports .
Policy coordination and a global strategy that instills confidence and creates hope will bring a quicker and stronger recovery to us all .
One can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong .
Obama 's Asian Vision NEW YORK -- Now that Barack Obama has made history by being elected President of the United States , people throughout the Asia-Pacific region fervently hope he will focus on Asia in a way that he did not during the election season .
We all now hope that President-elect Obama will provide the answers , not only in words , but also in actions .
So Asians are keen to hear Obama 's thoughts about a new or renewed international system , and hope that his vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of Asia as America 's partners .
America has reached a pivotal moment in its national and global history , with new hopes for intercultural exchange , dialogue , and mutual understanding .
But such an opening is essential if the country 's Tamils are to have real hopes for their future within the country .
In this respect , Sri Lanka 's ability to maintain its democracy throughout decades of war gives reason for hope .
Let us hope that reason also prevails this time round .
If the world fails to eliminate terrorists from politics in Kosovo , what hope does it have of defeating terrorism elsewhere ?
Indeed , they have announced their intentions to move forward with conducting a national referendum scheduled for Saturday to approve a new constitution , which they hope will entrench their power for decades to come .
Let us hope that we can learn to adapt to simpler -- though perhaps still satisfying -- lifestyles .
The bullets that killed Djindjic may also have slain Serbian hopes for normalcy at the very moment that we were emerging from the nightmare of Slobodan Milosevic 's long misrule .
Far more likely than Mr. Koizumi undertaking sustained bold action , we will see a master at communications -- a talent vital to sustaining public confidence -- and marginal reformer shift money from construction -LRB- the sector that supports Mr. Koizumi 's political adversaries -RRB- toward high tech where all of Japan is placing its hopes .
Having seen their investments in stocks be destroyed by the collapse of the bubble ten years ago , it is not surprising that individual Japanese hang on to their government 's liabilities as a last remaining hope .
But even the most hopeful observer must now concede that these dark scenarios are moving toward realization and that no good prevention strategy is in place .
Among the hoped-for effects of the Euro 's physical arrival are an increased transparency of the differences in retail prices between different EMU countries , and a subsequent pressure to equalize these prices .
The message here is clear : Europe must hope that the dollar stays strong because , without domestic dynamism , the cheap euro is Europe 's only growth ticket .
He needs to remember that in Mexico , piñatas are symbols of hope .
Standards of living fall , incomes stagnate , hopes are dampened .
I would have hoped that these people had learned from Schumann and Monnet what really matters for Europe and its future ; sadly , this does not seem to be the case .
Of course , there is no way to enforce full disclosure , but by creating explicit processes and expectations , we hope to reset norms .
eCars - Now ! hopes to foster an ecosystem of car service workers and parts makers similar to the ecosystem of open-software programmers and generic computer hardware .
Uribe 's second term brings the hope that two million of the country 's dispossessed and internally displaced can become proud stakeholders in Colombia 's now much brighter future .
It also brings hope to Latin America 's embattled democratic and free-market forces .
When that happens , I hope the antitrust authorities will consider a remedy that Ian Ayres , Hal Varian , and I devised .
One can only hope .
It is to be hoped that we will learn the details before the G-20 meets in Seoul in November .
A reduction in that burden of 40 % , whether in the form of reduced interest or principal , is needed to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio to below 100 % , a level at which the country has some hope of meeting its payment obligations .
Until there is hope , however remote , that Greece can begin to grow again , the problem will not go away .
If it does , maybe -- just maybe -- there will be reason to hope that the European project 's darkest hour is just before the dawn .
There are two hopes for avoiding this disastrous outcome .
The overwhelming hope is that the larger ship will come and save the day .
It opted for delay in the hope that the eurozone 's most vulnerable members would reinforce their defenses against Greek contagion .
They will hope for a short winter for the global economy , but they will plan and position for a long one .
Throughout this difficult period , the European Union has failed Ukraine , bluntly declaring that it should not hold any hope of future membership and justifying this stance by citing its internal problems -- the stranded Constitutional Treaty -- and growing public sentiment against further enlargement .
Many of Srebrenica 's survivors were clinging to the desperate hope that a missing husband or son might still be alive in a remote camp .
At best , Europe should hope for a `` more common '' foreign and security policy , even though this fails to answer Henry Kissinger 's old question : If you want to speak to `` Europe , '' whom do you call ?
For every person using an antidepressant to become `` better than well , '' another is using it for a life-threatening sense of hopelessness .
Until September , Medvedev made great efforts to encourage hopes for change .
So those hopes were always false . Indeed , most of Russia 's rulers have been in office for the better part of a decade .
He hoped to break up Putin 's monopoly by using its own tools .
His leadership inspired hope that more than a decade of sleepwalking was behind us , and brought some modest gains over the last 18 months .
With progress like this , it is no longer fanciful to hope that never again will there be another Holocaust , Cambodia , Rwanda , or Srebrenica .
The hope was that states ' failure to protect their inhabitants would no longer be seen as nobody else 's business , as had been the case for centuries , but as the entire world 's concern .
But the second great hope of responsibility-to-protect advocates was that this consensus in principle would make agreement on what to do in practice -- how to translate normative consensus into action -- easier to achieve .
And there is every reason to hope , and believe , that our experience is gradually becoming universal .
I only hope that policymakers ' vigilance will prevail -LRB- and be improved upon -RRB- , enabling China 's high-growth story to continue for another 10 , 20 , or 30 years .
If we hope to halt violent extremism , we must engage religious and militant groups in dialogue and address the root causes of violence .
Likewise , the ongoing development of topical microbicides offers the hope of empowering women to protect themselves from HIV infection when using condoms or refusing sexual intercourse is not feasible .
I hope that the other G-20 leaders do a better job of reining in their budgets .
Let 's hope that they are right this time .
Let 's hope that 's true .
Ever since the Greek crisis began , the country has shown that it can not solve its problems as the IMF and the European Commission had hoped .
Our support was , in the words of Samuel Johnson , a triumph of hope over experience .
In the end , our hopes were frustrated .
So European politicians hope that by showing that even Greece can avoid default , private markets will gain enough confidence in the viability of Italy and Spain to continue lending to their governments at reasonable rates and financing their banks .
By postponing a Greek default for two years , Europe 's politicians hope to give Spain and Italy time to prove that they are financially viable .
So either type of country could make the threat in the hope that it would be enough to cause their EMU colleagues to agree to their desired change in policy .
There is hope that the Congress and the new administration will now address that issue .
Though his memoirs paint a characteristic portrait of a leader who knew what he was doing , research for my new biography shows that his policy towards the crisis across the Mediterranean combined hope and frustration .
He hoped that France could dominate the National Liberation Front -LRB- FLN -RRB- militarily , and was frustrated at the extremely messy political situation on the ground and the difficulty of persuading the settlers that maintaining the status quo was untenable .
He offered outrage and hope to the traditional far-right constituency .
Knowledge of the potentially horrible consequences of a military confrontation and of the equally horrific consequences of an Iran in possession of the atomic bomb must force the US to abandon its policy of no direct negotiations and its hope for regime change .
For a short moment , there was reason to hope that peace was at hand .
Flags are flown in hope of victory , but also serve to dry the tears of defeat .
So we must hope that the World Cup in South Africa in 2010 will finally bring greater global parity .
Let 's hope that when the last whistle blows at the final in Berlin on July 9 , we Germans retain as much of this positive spirit as possible .
Indeed , it is high time for progress on a two-state solution , because the Palestinians are increasingly losing hope of ever having a state of their own .
Indeed , both men hope for political survival through a peace agreement : Olmert by means of new elections and Abbas by a referendum through which he can regain ascendancy over Hamas .
So one should never give up hope , even when hope seems impossible to sustain .
America and Europe Deeply frustrated by the Bush administration 's policies , many people and governments in Europe hope for a fundamental change in American foreign policy after the upcoming presidential election .
But it would take a medium-sized political miracle for these hopes not to be disappointed , and such a miracle will not happen -- whoever is elected .
· Diplomatic initiatives and UN sanctions are seen as hopelessly ineffective .
If Iran adopts a more realistic approach , there is real hope for a diplomatic solution .
Moreover , hopes for mitigating or , indeed , overcoming the global economic crisis rest exclusively with the emerging economic powers , first and foremost China .
Barack Obama 's election was meant to improve everything -- or so it was hoped .
That hope is fading , as the global economic crisis brings the differences between America and Europe to a head .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is in a hopeless situation .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Obama will still sort things out .
All they will leave behind for their people is another wasted chance , with shattered hopes and unpaid bills .
So it is worth looking back to the hopes that were linked to those wonderfully expectant days and nights on Maidan Square in the center of Kiev , and to Yushchenko 's electoral victory .
One sign of hope is that , following the recent Franco-German summit , German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time did not publicly oppose the idea of a European economic government .
Moreover , the mood in the West swings between a realization that this crisis will not be resolved without fundamental commotions and changes , and hope that it will be resolved in the normal , cyclical way of other crises -- Mexico , Asia , the Internet bubble , etc. -- and that in the not-so-distant future things will start to pick up .
Today , the hopes of the world economy rest with the emerging powers in east and south Asia , led by China and India .
They are internally divided between Fatah and Hamas , under Israeli occupation in East Jerusalem and the West Bank , isolated from the outside world in Gaza , hopeless in the region 's refugee camps , and rebuffed by their Arab neighbors .
While the situation in the Middle East currently looks hopeless , a new attempt that focuses on the essential points , not on minor ones , deserves support .
This would create the most important thing that these states and their rapidly growing young populations need to produce stability within the framework of democratic development : grounds for hope of economic and social progress .
If to the `` axis of evil , '' we add Afghanistan , Pakistan , Lebanon , Syria , Israel and the Palestinians , along with terrorism , the resulting picture is anything but hopeful .
And , although many things in the Middle East are in short supply , there is no dearth of hopeless young people , whose numbers will continue to grow in the coming years .
BERLIN -- Twenty-five years after the nuclear disaster at Chernobyl , the ongoing catastrophe at the Fukushima nuclear reactor in Japan has -- it must be hoped -- made clear once and for all that the purported blessings of the nuclear age are mere illusions : nuclear power is neither clean nor safe nor cheap .
To this day , therefore , the risk remains that the number of nuclear powers will increase , particularly given small and medium powers ' hope to enhance their prestige and position in regional conflicts .
The most the US can hope at this point is a withdrawal that saves face .
Let 's hope Europe is amongst them , because its security is defined there .
The question today is whether the current crisis of American consciousness marks the beginning of America 's decline or , let us hope , the beginning of a return to multilateralism .
So the truth must lie elsewhere : the French are not hopeless about politics ; they are simply waiting for a genuine leader .
Only if the trans-Atlantic partnership proves effective , as it did to meet the demands of the Cold War and the end of Europe 's division , can the West contribute to realizing the hopes engendered by the Arab uprisings .
About three years ago at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , when we were seeking a potential tool for high-resolution diagnostics , array-CGH offered the hope of providing a reliable and efficient genome-wide test that could detect gains or losses in an unbiased and non-subjective fashion .
Inspiring and hopeful as these events were , the road to liberal democracy in the Middle East is likely to be extremely disappointing in the near to medium term , and the Bush administration 's efforts to build a regional policy around it are heading toward abject failure .
This is demonstrated by the efforts of millions of people each year to move from the developing to the developed world , where they hope to find the political stability , job opportunities , health care , and education that they lack at home .
After all , the social sciences historically offered empirical support and spiritual hope for just such reforms , which are increasingly dismissed as `` utopian . ''
We hoped to create a way out for the military leaders , a way to start a real dialogue with the people 's leaders and the leaders of ethnic groups , for the unity of the nation .
But that hope was short-lived .
Not unreasonably , the meeting has generated hopes and hot talk across the subcontinent .
I hope that when millions of overseas passengers pass through T3 , including those who do so during the Beijing Olympics , they will pause and reflect upon the distance China has traveled over the past three decades in its reform and opening to the outside world . Granted , China still has further to go , and many people may find fault with much in the country .
But there is hope .
Suicide bombers , the prolonged state of tension , and the overall weakening of the hope for peace have slashed support for democratic government .
Second , the Bush team is pledging to bring democracy to Iraq , a transformation that - it is hoped - will spur democratization across the region .
By transforming the political landscape of the Middle East , American officials hope to strike at the root causes of Islamic extremism .
Such inertia breeds hopelessness , and a nihilist yearning for violence .
But the Saudi establishment 's serious response to the May 2003 attack on a civilian compound in Riyadh at least gives a glimmer of hope that the al-Saud may see reform as their only hope of survival .
So the regime hopes that Iraq becomes a quagmire , forcing the US to ask Syria for help .
India 's experience offers hope to other development late-comers .
The corruption and inefficiency of the state apparatus and the government 's incompetence and inertia leave no hope for a real improvement in living standards .
Dozens are still on the run , but hope remains that they , too , will face justice .
In that case , he would risk getting a beating , though perhaps a few beggars would indulge his fantasies in the hope of duping him out of his money .
These are the Chileans for whom a lack of hope might make social unrest seem to be the only alternative .
For this reason , let us hope that more developers explore this so-called `` disruptive '' side of technology during the coming year .
If dying bees do not inspire formal guidelines about how the sky should be shared , let us hope that empty space will .
The fall of the Berlin Wall brought hope and opportunity to people everywhere , and provided the 1980 's with a truly jubilant finale .
The changes resonated with the hopes of the time , and leaders responded .
In Japan , there seems little hope that the world 's second-largest economy can extricate itself from its homemade deflation trap to generate the demand needed to offset economic weakness elsewhere in the world .
This means that getting Chinese households to spend more is not a hopeless mission .
The EU then went ahead on its own , introducing its path-breaking European Emission Trading System in the hope that Europe could lead by example .
The US government is thus essentially being paid in real terms to take investors ' money -- a generous offer that it is accepting on a huge scale , in the hope that channeling these resources to American consumers will boost household spending and thus generate more jobs .
One reason why Germany agreed to merge the DM into the euro was the hope that a monetary union would distribute the burden of the reserve-currency role over a wider area .
In extreme cases , as in Ireland -LRB- one hopes not in Spain -RRB- , the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country .
This also implies that Eurobonds will never constitute the silver bullet that some had hoped would solve Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis .
Only then can one hope for full implementation of reforms and the virtuous circle of improved expectations and economic performance that should have been set in motion by the European Council 's Lisbon summit seven years ago .
The key to overcoming resistance is to give affected workers grounds to hope that they can find a new job .
By concentrating on policies to sustain integration while at the same preserving the European social model , the European Council would again become a relevant policy forum where the real needs and hopes of citizens could find effective responses .
In the presidential election of June 2006 , he received 45.5 % of the vote -- not enough to defeat Alan García , but sufficient to show how deeply he had tapped into the hopes and trust of many Peruvians .
And southern Mediterranean countries ca n't hope to make up in America and Asia the opportunities and investments that they are losing in Europe , certainly not in the short term .
It is to be hoped that it will not be overshadowed by calls in Congress for Japan to apologize more formally than it already has for the comfort women .
The Obama Surprise NEW YORK -- The high hopes surrounding Barack Obama 's presidency are mostly a good thing , as they remind us that much of the anti-American sentiment that is so apparent around the world is not and need not be permanent .
As a result , some terrorists , one hopes , will decide to become former terrorists -- and some young radicals might now think twice before deciding to become terrorists in the first place .
The government hopes that these foreign investments will set the stage for the banks to go public on stock exchanges in Hong Kong and elsewhere during 2006 , whereas foreign banks are investing with an eye to penetrating the enormous Chinese market .
Foreign banks could never hope to achieve such comprehensive coverage without a local partner .
It might also prevent rapprochement between Greece and Turkey , despite the hopes raised by Greek Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis 's recent visit to Turkey -- the first in almost a half-century .
The Palestinian Authority has received more aid per capita than did post-war Europe under the Marshall Plan , yet the politics of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict have foiled hopes of a broader Euro-Mediterranean framework that , through dialogue and investment , would bring tangible improvements to the lives of millions .
It is vital that Europe 's experience , commitment , and heritage of hope be framed in a vision for the Middle East that becomes a model for its future .
That , too , is not surprising , because the situation remains an amorphous mix of hope and destruction .
That is a source of hope , if not yet of the systematic and coherent ideas about how to remake their societies that the region needs .
The vibrant pro-Western , pro-American , and anti-mullah society , on which American and European hopes relied , undoubtedly exists , but mostly among the educated and urban middle class .
Such an attitude helps neither Russia nor the West . It merely strengthens Russian misconceptions and leads Western statesmen toward hopeless and unseemly compromises .
We believe that the former communist Central and Eastern European countries are in a unique position to support the democracy movements in Cuba based on the similarities of their histories and experiences . Our intentions in pushing for democratization are based on friendship and cooperation , good will and an understanding of the needs , expectations and hopes of Cuban people .
Yet the efforts here are piecemeal -- and thus insufficient to offer real hope for better lives .
The Palestinians of Gaza -- indeed , all those across the region who lead blighted lives without hope -- can not wait for new administrations or international institutions to act .
This active and searching conversation , the hallmark of a democratic polity , is the best hope for better decisions by governments , both at home and abroad .
In permitting the murder of people whose only purpose is the preservation of human dignity , Russia is losing its hope for a better future . At the very least , the Russian authorities are failing in the central task of any government : to protect the lives and physical safety of all its citizens .
The country 's ruling generals will twist what is meant to be a democratic process , whereby the people get to express their will , into a mockery of free expression in which people vote in fear and without hope .
It is our hope that all of us will reach out to this disaster 's victims with our whole hearts , and give , through the Nippon Foundation 's fund or through any other respected and recognized humanitarian organization , whatever we can to enable Japan 's thousands of victims to recover the simple dignity of normal life .
In a message dated February 16 , 2011 , entitled `` The People 's Revolution and the Fall of the Corrupt Arab System : A New Beginning and the Shattering of the Idol of ` Stability , ' '' a Libyan who goes by the name Atiyat Allah writes , `` It is true that this revolution is not the ideal that we had desired ... -LRB- W -RRB- e hope that this is the first step to better times yet . ''
Neighboring Yemen is a much more immediate threat . The opposition is hopelessly divided , and the tribal and military leadership is utterly compromised .
When the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes were discovered more than a decade ago , there were high hopes for novel and targeted therapies .
Recently , my research group , along with researchers in London , provided some real hope for carriers of mutated BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes .
Treating women carrying BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations with PARP inhibitors to kill cancer cells before they grow into tumors is a new and hopeful concept in cancer prevention .
In time , however , the changes might amount to less than was first hoped , and could actually bring about a situation that arguably is worse than the status quo ante -LRB- the French Revolution , the Bolshevik Revolution , and the Iranian Revolution come to mind -RRB- .
Above all , we need to show patience with the new governments of the countries we hope to see evolving toward democracy , and avoid the tendency to expect instant gratification .
One of the most hopeful and refreshing aspects of the Arab Spring has been the retreat of Arab radicalism in the face of real people anxious to address real problems .
I hope I will be able to do it the same way . ' ''
In a change of strategy , the negotiating team had decided to marginalize Karadzic and Mladic and to force Milosevic , as the senior Serb in the region , to take responsibility for the war and for the negotiations that we hoped would end it .
Even more important was a decision , taken in the hope of choking off funds to extremist groups , to require all expatriate Pakistani earnings to be remitted through official banking channels .
But there is hope amid the gloom .
The major meeting of the Convention on Biological Diversity taking place in Nagoya , Japan , from October 18-29 , is an opportunity in this regard , and we at Kew are hopeful for positive outcomes in terms of international agreements in the key areas of biodiversity conservation , sustainable use and access , and benefit-sharing .
Keeping the pound does not mean that we oppose the Euro , or hope for its failure .
The West 's blind support for autocratic Arab rulers has reduced all hope of peaceful change .
Even as they are becoming ever more litigious , many Chinese believe that they have no hope of securing justice against the powerful .
Most of those to whom I spoke were poor and without hope for the future .
Should the US not take the lead , the only hope is that other countries will be more generous .
In addition to air-power , America 's government hopes to control its proxies by means of the Special Forces and ` advisors ' working on the ground .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
After a brief period of hope , many observers now wonder whether the region is capable of producing viable , and economically vibrant , democracies .
One can only hope that the world does not have to go through the same process of pathological learning via high inflation which followed the neglect of money during the fifties and sixties of the last century .
Encouraging weak countries to prolong their reliance on budget deficits by holding out the hope of a de facto bail-out would be very costly for EMU 's more solid countries , while undermining EMU 's hard-won credibility as an area of stability and fiscal soundness . And this latter cost would have to be paid by all euro-zone countries .
The constitutional process now under way in Iraq represents a hopeful milestone for all Iraqis .
Thus , it hopes to divert public attention from still non-existent basic services , continuing sectarianism , weak oil production , scant infrastructure investment , and rampant corruption and cronyism .
True , they might not be able to topple the new regime , but they will be able to de-stabilize Iraq over the long term , in the hope of forcing a negotiated settlement of their grievances .
Our only hope of getting out of this prison is that another country decides to provide safe haven to men like us -- men who did nothing wrong and never should have been detained here in the first place .
Africa 's great hope is that its `` new generation '' leaders -- most prominently President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria and President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa , who helped spearhead NEPAD 's peer review process in the first place -- acknowledge this fact .
Review work , it is hoped , will begin early in the new year .
But this initial triumph of the PC -LRB- and very substantial sales in the 1980 's -RRB- did not immediately fulfill all the initial hopes for individual empowerment and social transformation .
The hope is that refocusing financial activities in this way will revive other types of lending .
Europeans hope that the recent publication of the results of stress tests that were applied to their own banks will have the same effect .
This is the major geo-political outcome of the Great Recession of the early twenty-first century -- one that carries both economic hope and political fear .
A truly competitive European banking system would provide incentives for the larger and stronger banks to take more risks in the hope of growing even larger and stronger .
Indeed China-mania , a mixture of hopes , but mostly fears , is sweeping the world due to China 's rapid economic rise .
Organizers held the meeting in Vienna specifically because it is `` the gateway to Eastern Europe , '' and they hoped to involve the region more than ever .
There are hopeful signs : more than 160 countries have signed the World Health Organization 's global tobacco control treaty , and the Caribbean heads of state have recently declared they want to tackle tobacco together .
The downside was shoved onto the rest of society , particularly the relatively uneducated and underpaid , who now have lost their houses , their jobs , their hopes for their children , or all of the above .
Let 's hope that by then he will have helped move the consensus permanently among his colleagues -- preparing the ground for further congressional action aimed at a serious tightening of safeguards over the financial sector .
As a result , all financial institutions gain a powerful incentive to bulk up -LRB- and borrow more -RRB- in hope of also becoming bigger and therefore `` safer '' -LRB- from creditors ' point of view , not from a social perspective . -RRB-
On the one side were liberals , `` a class of men sanguine in hope , bold in speculation , always pressing forward ... and disposed to give every change credit for being an improvement . '' On the other were conservatives , `` a class of men who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient , and who , even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial , consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings . ''
This is the real challenge , and although it may prove ambitious , many countries will arrive at the Cancún conference with renewed hope for the future , thanks to the progress made since Copenhagen .
A McCain presidency would have offered no hope for a radical break with the military swagger and crony capitalism of the Bush years , on which the bilateral relationship with India was built .
For the sake of the future of the people of the world 's oldest and largest democracies , let 's hope that an Obama presidency fulfills this hope .
Many hope that the SARS crisis will encourage China 's leaders to become more transparent and accountable .
Thus , the prime minister 's office will more closely resemble the US White House , which he hopes will enable both countries to communicate their intentions continuously and reliably .
With almost daily terrorist attacks , ordinary citizens victimized by shell and gunfire or misconceived bombing , the abuses of Iraqi prisoners , and the hostility of Iraq 's Shiites - on whom the US had pinned high hopes for the peace process - American policy is in jeopardy of failure .
Many Russian officials will lose patience with Russia 's remaining a status-quo power , and one hopes that they will not seek confrontation .
Let us hope , therefore , that reason -- and the instinct of self-preservation -- will ultimately prevail .
Our hope was for unification with Europe , a `` common European home , '' and the creation of a Europe `` united and free . ''
Our hopes were not starry-eyed self-deception .
My hope is that , when historians look back at Georgia 's attack on South Ossetia of last summer , the Ossetians , Russians , and Georgians killed in that war will be seen as having not died in vain .
It is my hope that the global economic crisis and Barack Obama 's presidency will put the farcical idea of a new Cold War into proper perspective .
So far , only the US and Russia -- with the assistance , one hopes , of China , India , and EU -- can hope to address these problems more or less effectively .
In the age of globalization , they are also hopelessly and increasingly lagging behind developed states .
Back then , Afghanistan 's people held great hopes for an immediately wonderful future .
Some of those hopes were fulfilled .
I visited Pakistan for President Zardari 's inauguration , and for the first time I saw a dim ray of hope .
Only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act .
But that environment will not change if political will is lacking , and if there is no action by the US and the governments of the region to get our economies to create jobs that offer hope .
Moreover , in order to deny terrorists institutional support , we must bring institutional strength to Afghanistan . We must enable Afghans to look after themselves and defend their country , to have a future in Afghanistan , to have hope of raising their children in Afghanistan .
We have started to bring hope by educating young Afghans , but we have not yet succeeded in bringing them a secure life , free from the danger of bombs and aerial bombardment .
A Vote against Voting in Pakistan ISLAMABAD &#45; &#45; As Pakistan gears up for its parliamentary election on February 18 , many observers hope that the vote will usher in a period of stability and calm by lending popular legitimacy to the government .
Of course , many hope that someone will explain to Chubais that national marketization works best when supported by functioning social institutions and a social safety net .
Few have any real hopes of that .
For in this uniformity Russia has the hope of becoming a `` normal '' country , a place where the uniformity of slogans is replaced by uniform commercial services .
A well-organized team would collapse like a house of cards , and the hopes for future space research and missile design would be dashed , threatening the country 's security .
Today , Shevardnadze is pinning his hopes for economic revival on a pipeline to deliver Caspian Sea oil to the West . Here again , it seems , is the old Soviet obsession with giant industrial projects built at the expense of making improvements in the everyday lives of ordinary people .
There is hope , however slight , that , unlike Putin , Medvedev may mean what he says .
Yes , the Kremlin was able to smack down the uppity Mikheil Saakashvili 's hope of reuniting his country by force . But the world saw in Russia 's onslaught against so puny an antagonist a thuggish state determined to recapture its lost empire .
Like Király , in 1956 , Kolakowski turned against the Communist party he had once joined in the hope , formed in the charnel house that the Nazis had wrought in Poland , that it would build a better world .
To avoid an even worse alternative , the United States and Europe should support the Putin-Medvedev tandem , in the hope that they provide a stable and secure environment for investment .
But it is these people -- motorists , volunteer ecologists , and charitable-campaign organizers -- rather than Russia 's politicians who represent the country 's best hope for modernization .
It is a symphony -- often not a very harmonious one -- of small steps that you hope will lead to something greater .
As an Asian Secretary-General , I hope to see this change .
I hope to see an Asia that is both better integrated and more internationally engaged .
I hope to see Korea assume more responsibility in the world , commensurate with its growing economic clout -- especially in the area of development , one of the three pillars of the UN Charter .
This is not just my hope , it is also Asia 's obligation .
At the International AIDS Conference in Vienna , in July , I hope that the international community will rally around UNAIDS ' launch of Treatment 2.0 -- the next generation of HIV treatment , which must be more affordable , more effective , and accessible to all .
In December 2009 in Copenhagen , world leaders talked far into the night , and emerged , according to the conventional wisdom , with virtually nothing . In fact , though we did not get a comprehensive , legally binding treaty that would usher in an era of sustainable , low-carbon prosperity , as we had hoped , there were significant achievements in Copenhagen .
There was a brief glimmer of hope in 2009 , when the sense of paralysis led the Conference to consensus on a program of work .
Let us help make the Arab Spring a true season of hope for all .
We see the fruits in Nepal , Kenya and , we hope , Zimbabwe .
The MDGs might once have seemed to be merely a set of hopes and aspirations . Now we know that they are actually a practical roadmap out of poverty .
We need to recognize what Martin Luther King , Jr. called the `` fierce urgency of now '' if we are to safeguard millions of people 's livelihoods and hopes for the future .
It will restore hope for a more peaceful , secure and prosperous future . It deserves everybody 's support .
Wealthy nations can not hope to remain healthy if poorer nations do not .
My audience included business leaders who hope to profit from cap-and-trade policies and from subsidies for renewable energy and `` green '' jobs .
These policies were undertaken at a time when the EU economy was doing well and -- one hopes -- with full knowledge that they would have significant costs .
Care-giving , as illustrated by our case , includes what happens when hope and consolation are abandoned , when theodicy ends , and when all there is to do is to be present with the sufferer , sharing his or her suffering by simply -- and usually silently -- being there .
But there is reason for hope .
But there are some hopeful signs .
One hopes that North Korea 's recent behavior -- the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March , and now the shelling of Yeonpyeong island -LRB- which followed a supposedly `` accidental '' shooting incident in the DMZ in October -RRB- -- will focus minds in Beijing .
More importantly , China abandoned economic autarky three decades ago . Today , its economic links in Asia are deep , and -- it is to be hoped -- permanent .
Kim 's hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime 's domestic crises .
I hope that one day , after the story of Japan 's recent calamity has been written , kizuna will become even more widely known than `` tsunami . ''
The government not only freed Suu Kyi after two decades of house arrest , but has even begun a dialogue with her -- talks for which the meticulous opposition leader has expressed real hope .
As a member of the European Union , Greece at least can hope for assistance from other EU members . Japan , however , stands alone with its massive debt .
By controlling the sea lanes , China hopes to gain leverage over India 's capacity for economic growth .
In Asia , the hope today is that Clinton 's visit will enable China 's rulers to understand that it is primarily in Asia that their country 's overall international role is being tested and shaped .
Clinton 's visit has done the reverse : it has shocked China -- one hopes in a way that moderates its behavior in the region .
The appointment of a new UN envoy should prove a more efficient way of coordinating Afghanistan 's international helpmates . And it is to be hoped that whoever is chosen may be able to foster the grand bargain between the US and EU that is so badly needed .
And Europe can not hope to achieve its aims with technical programs alone .
Since protons are the simplest nuclei , it was hoped that , at high energy , the forces acting during the scattering of protons could be observed and analyzed like in a slow-motion film , providing a precise understanding of the strong force .
Europeans and Chinese who oppose missile defense do so in a very measured way ; they keep their options open -LRB- and the hope of big contracts for their possible participation -RRB- by hiding behind Russia 's defense of the ABM Treaty .
It is clear that if the region 's citizens are to have any realistic hope of a better life and political stability , it will be related to their country 's EU prospects .
Angela Merkel , the Christian Democrats ' candidate , is a reformer , holding out hope for Germany 's future -- and that of Europe .
Not only has Bush destroyed Iran 's most formidable enemy and bogged down US troops in a hopeless cause ; he also has enriched energy-abundant Iran and Russia by pursuing a war that has dramatically raised energy prices .
Now the axis has crushed hopes of passing a new European constitution in Brussels by demanding the so-called `` double majority '' rule , which would seriously weaken medium-size and smaller countries ' voting power by comparison to what was agreed three years ago in Nice .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
They were sometimes naive , as when Spencer hoped that rich citizens would nearly automatically be good citizens and thus find it natural to help those who were not so successful .
Many hopes throughout the world are now directed toward President Barack Obama , who enters his presidency with a moral claim that is extraordinarily high for a politician .
For both the PLO and Hamas , this refers to various UN resolutions and international public opinion , which have amounted to little more than lip service on the part of Western powers and Arab and Islamic leaders , whose statements raise false hopes , enticing Palestinian negotiators to harden their positions .
Israeli assassination campaigns against militants have merely led to further escalation on the Palestinian side . Indeed , every time Israel 's deterrence efforts fail to produce the desired result , it ratchets up the siege in the hope that this will deliver some kind of knockout punch .
In the aftermath of Israel 's assault on Gaza , Palestinians hoped that Israel would choose a leader who would focus on the need to end the suffering , lift the siege , and begin rebuilding .
Despite the election results , Palestinians still hope to re-establish momentum in resolving the remaining points of disagreement with Israel .
The only hope now for resuming negotiations is the old `` only Nixon could open up China '' argument , meaning that only a truly hard-right Israeli leader would have the credibility to make peace with the Palestinians .
This cycle has become so bizarre and confusing that Palestinians are not sure whether they should hope for continued tensions with Israel -LRB- which usually means no new settlements -RRB- or for continued negotiations -LRB- which usually provide cover for building settlements -RRB- .
Such a US declaration -LRB- if it declares Israel at fault -RRB- would give Palestinians the opportunity to declare the talks a failure and thus move toward a unilateral declaration of statehood in the hope that the world community will recognize such a state .
Speaking at the UN General Assembly on September 23 , 2010 , Obama said that he hoped that `` when we come back here next year , we can have an agreement that will lead to a new member of the United Nations -- an independent , sovereign state of Palestine , living in peace with Israel . ''
I am writing you in the hope that you will take time from your busy schedule as Israel 's acting Prime Minister to hear one Palestinian 's hopes .
Of the 709 randomly selected Palestinians who were surveyed , 30 % said that they hope the new Hamas government tackles corruption .
Twenty-two percent said that they hope Ismael Haniyeh , Hamas 's designated prime minister , will end the chaos in Palestinian towns and provide internal security and the rule of law .
Almost one in five hoped that unemployment would be addressed .
Indeed , the crises in Lebanon and Gaza have brought about a realization that two festering issues -- Arab prisoners in Israel , and Israeli unilateralism -- must be resolved if there is to be any hope of a return to the peace process .
When Japan 's asset-price bubble burst in 1990-91 , Japanese investors pulled out of the US-leading to a credit crunch and the mild recession that torpedoed President Bush 's re-election hopes in 1992 .
Increasingly , Japan 's great postwar generation will see their hopes -- and their savings -- turn to dust .
Hu 's unbridled glorification of `` Mao Zedong Thought , '' coupled with his suppression of dissent in the media , has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian , but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals , both inside and outside China , who hoped that Hu would be a reform-minded leader .
But it is equally obvious that Hu , the sphinx-like apparatchik in whom Chinese and Western liberals alike had once invested hope , is unlikely to deliver the more open and humane China that they thought he had promised .
It is to be hoped that Ukraine 's Russian-speaking citizens , having witnessed the economic despair -- and sometimes the bloodshed -- caused by the Kremlin 's manufactured pro-autonomy movements , will realize that they are being turned into Putin 's pawns .
When Viktor Yanukovych was elected president in February , many Ukrainians hoped his victory would end five years of political infighting under former President Viktor Yushchenko and lead to increased stability , reform , and national unity .
These hopes have proven illusory .
Conceived , perhaps , with the best intentions , the Morales model is giving hope to Bolivia 's poorest ; but it will only pave the way for frustrated hopes - -- also nothing new in Bolivia .
So Shtukaturov 's victory before the European Court of Human Rights on March 27 provides hope that a turning point has been reached .
And , in any coming showdown , we must hope that all leaders will refuse to use innocent people 's lives as bargaining chips .
Foreign observers are prone to associate the Bing Dian incident with other recent crackdowns on China 's mass media , and to conclude that Chinese journalism freedom is hopeless under the present autocratic regulation .
One can only hope that Uribe has learned the lessons of doomed third-term experiments in the region -- Peru 's Alberto Fujimori and Argentina 's Carlos Menem spring to mind -- and leave the presidency on a high note .
No one can say , but Russia 's history in this regard is not a source of hope .
Doing virtually no good while dramatically decreasing energy efficiency and increasing air pollution merely threatens any hope for enlightened public policy .
The Copenhagen Consensus gives us great hope because it shows us that there are so many good things that we can do .
Obama 's election has raised hopes for a massive commitment to carbon cuts and vast spending on renewable energy to save the world -- especially developing nations .
Germany has subsidized solar panels , as some hope Obama might .
The best hope is that we use this lesson finally to deal with this issue in a smarter fashion .
One hopes that this task has been made slightly simpler by the publication of a book in which the Copenhagen Consensus economists boil down their insights .
Solar radiation management appears to be one of the most hopeful .
The Copenhagen Consensus Center set out to ask people in global-warming hot spots about their fears and hopes . In Mojo , central Ethiopia , our researchers met Tadese Denkue , a 68-year-old former soldier with no regular income .
Elsewhere calling for immediate and substantial cuts in carbon emissions , the IPCC 's director even declared that he hoped the IPCC report would `` shock people , governments into taking more serious action . ''
Imagine if the director of the CIA published a new assessment of Iran , saying `` I hope this report will shock people , governments into taking more serious action . ''
But this was possible only because the Swedish government already owned all the assets , thereby circumventing the hopelessly difficult issue of pricing them .
Russian society and its leaders have no clear vision of the future , and the country 's demographic decline offers little hope of a rapid and sustainable turnaround .
Many people hoped that Iran 's leaders , despite their extremism , would accept the offer if only to avoid sanctions -- which are sure to come even if China and Russia refuse to support them in the United Nations Security Council .
They may also hope to shatter the unified EU\/US position that now exists .
In the meantime , however , the urgency of restoring a sense of normalcy and hope to a dramatically wounded society warrants thoughtful and deep analyses .
It is a tragedy that ignorance of how much Indonesia has changed is being allowed to endanger its democratic development -- and its role as a beacon of freedom and hope in the Islamic world .
It is to be hoped that Barack Obama , should he win America 's presidency , will recall the tolerant Indonesia where he grew up and shape policies toward it accordingly .
So there is real hope that Iran can change , modernize , and open up as the rest of Asia has .
In fact , China should hope that no such apology is forthcoming .
The outcome was better than anyone in the Kremlin could have hoped for : 89 % of the Chechen electorate turned out to vote , and 96 % of voters supported the Moscow-drafted constitution .
The Chechens hope that adopting a constitution , followed by the election of a Chechen president , will spare them the horrors of purge and arrests that would invariably have followed had either side secured a military victory .
Add to this the fact that a constitutional settlement makes material support and compensation from the Russian government more realistic , and it becomes apparent why Chechens now see a glimmer of hope , albeit still somewhat faint , that peace will leave them better off than pressing on with armed struggle .
The result of all this is spreading hopelessness .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
I hope that even in the dark frame of such topics the light of the human soul and mind , its contradictions and potential , the ceaseless questions about love and death , about commitment and cowardice , about solitude and solidarity , about the tragicomedy of humans reveal , for better or worse , the imprint of the author .
That Walt Whitman and Mark Twain , Herman Melville , Henry James , and John Dos Passos had lived here , that Enescu , Brancusi , or Eugen Ionesco had been successful here in no way raised my hopes .
For now , there is no reason to hope that Mailat will find through his crime a new start towards salvation through suffering and spiritual renewal .
It will happen , I hope , also in other places and not only with Romanians but with all the people ready to face the provocations of our time .
It was a relief to listen to my student 's well-articulated opinions and to see in her the hope of a new , cosmopolitan generation .
I needed that hope , for what I saw in Eastern Europe had depressed me as much as what I was seeing in the United States , my adopted homeland .
Magris 's novel is not only an important literary achievement ; it also has a deep connection to the dangers that we face now , particularly the wave of fanaticism , from Mumbai to Oslo , in the name of a holy war against the `` other . '' Are all the extremists searching for a new coherence , for a lost illusion of togetherness and a new hope of resurrection ?
US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld warns that more documentary evidence of wrongdoing at Abu Ghraib prison lies in store , evidently in the preemptive hope that the outrages stopped there .
If similarly shameful disclosures multiply , as I believe they will , let us at least hope that official apologies and condemnations may finally give way to wider , more genuine accountability and reform .
But there is reason to be hopeful .
The DPJ , now temporarily aligned with low-profile bureaucrats behind the scene , can now either obstruct any bill in the Upper House that is sponsored by Abe 's administration , thereby cornering him into dissolving the Lower House , or they can engage in meticulous deliberations in the Diet in the hope of demonstrating to the electorate their fitness to govern .
The LDP is now staging a party leadership election in the hope of gaining a temporary boost in popular support before the Lower House election .
Yet the LDP 's position is not hopeless , because the public remains highly skeptical that the amateurish DPJ can control the bureaucracy , either .
Appeasing Ozawa , however , is contrary to public sentiment and detrimental to the DPJ 's hopes of regaining popular support .
A program for African renewal along the lines outlined above offers the best hope for creating stability , new jobs , and establishing democracy in a continent that desperately needs all three .
Elite corruption and incompetence , a population vulnerable to demagogic manipulation , and the ruthlessness of French neo-colonialism have combined to plunge francophone Africa into a deadly cycle of violence , humiliation , and hopelessness .
There is hope that the popular protests of June will help bring Wade to his senses and allow the Senegalese to continue choosing their governments through transparent elections .
Let us also hope that the next government will realize Senegal 's huge potential as a West African regional economic hub .
After all , the West is now paying a high price for allowing the ordinary people of the Middle East to live for so long in hopeless squalor while their rulers wallowed in oil wealth .
Nowadays , leaders squander their countries ' resources and revenues , leaving the majority of their populations mired in poverty , disease , hunger , war , and hopelessness .
Fortunately , there is hope that the region can resist the West 's destructive neo-liberal agenda .
But the October Revolution also has its apologists , for whom it marked the beginning of a new era in history , a breakthrough to freedom from a world of slavery and oppression , a salvation for Russia and Europe , and a source of hope for Asia and Africa .
It has brought hope to millions of patients suffering from previously fatal organ failure .
This has in large part accounted for Barroso 's high hopes of getting a second term .
Multilateral institutions that served as pillars of German foreign policy for almost half-a-century have been weakened : the European Union 's hopes for common foreign , security , and defense policies have been gravely jeopardized .
One hopes that the 2005 Defense Review will address this issue , although it is certain to answer some strategic questions and leave others open to continued debate .
Until this happens , let us all hope that America can get back on track as the global champion of collaborative action to address the world 's greatest challenges and work with as many other countries as possible to move collectively in the right direction .
Until this structure emerges , let us hope that America can lead wisely and that other countries , particularly Asia 's new powers , will assume more meaningful responsibilities in managing global crises .
A Poland of suspicion , fear , and revenge is fighting a Poland of hope , courage , and dialogue .
The Constitutional Tribunal 's decision gives hope that the second phase of the Polish revolution will not consume either its father , the will to freedom , or its child , the democratic state .
My generation was forged by protests and police truncheons , by the hopes generated not only by the Prague Spring , but also by the Polish student movement that March , the Paris events of May , and the first signs of Russian democracy voiced in the early books of Sakharov and Solzhenitsyn .
For those of us imprisoned in Poland , the Prague Spring was a harbinger of hope .
Alexander Dubcek , the leader of the Czechoslovak communists and the symbol of the Prague Spring , personified hope for democratic evolution , real pluralism , and a peaceful way to a state governed by law and respectful of human rights .
They are actually its hope .
A recent New York Times editorial , for example , decried wealthy countries ' `` me first '' attitude toward a possible H5N1 pandemic , because '' -LRB- t -RRB- he best hope of stopping a pandemic , or at least buying time to respond , is to improve surveillance and health practices in East Africa and Asia , where one would probably begin . ''
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
Many of the actions and policies of the Coalition Provisional Authority -LRB- CPA -RRB- , as well as higher-level Bush administration decisions , seem to point to a resigned acceptance that early hopes that Iraq would embrace Western-style democracy were misplaced .
Indeed , such hopes were misplaced .
Kurds had the highest perception of control and optimism , with 19 % indicating the highest level of control over their lives and 17 % the greatest degree of hope in the future .
Leaders of these groups often defended terrorism by insisting that violence was the only means of bringing hope to demoralized people .
The American-led coalition can help by taking more steps that would reinforce a message of hope and optimism for the exhausted and demoralized Sunnis of Iraq .
Should Mousavi persuade Khamenei to reconsider his position , the Supreme Leader 's hold on power will be shaken . If Khamenei holds fast , Mousavi can not gain the presidency , but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of Iranians who differ dramatically with their government .
It is , after all , a European nation in cultural , if not political terms , whereas progress in China will not be measured by the introduction of Western-style democracy , but eventually , one hopes , by Singapore-style rule of law .
A new page was being turned , one that was full of uncertainty but also of hope that Russia was on its way to becoming a `` normal country . ''
What the small crowd of intellectuals gathered in Paris was mourning was their hope for a different Russia .
It is as if they were combining the Arab\/Islamic world 's culture of humiliation and Asia 's culture of hope .
At this particular juncture in time and given the condition of their economy can the French reject the candidate that incarnates by far the best hope for change and `` Renaissance . ''
Confidence is the ingredient of hope .
Confidence can come from three things : hope , pride , and progress .
If America can move from a culture of fear to one of hope -- and again incarnate hope for the world -- it will require a leader who embodies the American dream : modern and armed with a humanistic religious message , in contrast to the anxious irrationalism of the Christian conservative movement that fueled Bush 's political base .
In Davos this year , great hopes have given way to great apprehensions .
As Asia 's leading power , China has seized the mantle of `` hope '' from the US .
They are in fact secretly wishing that in these tough economic times , at least part of the `` culture of hope '' incarnated by Obama would reverberate on them and transform them for the better .
For many Europeans , a reinvention of America is Europe 's last hope .
It is a noble hope , but also a dangerous one , for dreams can easily turn into nightmares .
Will the spirit of hope that brought Obama to power triumph over the winds of economic and social despair , or will fear in the West of the looming global recession spread to Asia and destabilize its giants , China and India ?
Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans ' suffering , Obama knows only too well that the `` audacity of hope '' will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
The pride that Americans -- and Africans -- have felt since Obama 's election is important and , one hopes , will bring long-term benefits .
Dignity may not provide you with a roof or a job , but it helps in maintaining hope in hard times .
But this renewal of idealism is as much a product of hope as of fear .
We can only hope that , in the end , the consequences of 2009 similarly prove to be far less dramatic than we now -- intuitively and in our historical reflexes -- feel them to be .
Today , there is much more collective hope and much more individual fear in America in the wake of the global economic crisis .
But the reverse is true in Europe . Here one encounters less collective hope and less individual fear .
Comforted by a new President who incarnates a return of hope , who inspires and reassures at the same time , Americans are starting to believe that the worst of the economic crisis is behind them .
What was at the beginning of this spring no more than `` a glimmer of hope , '' to use Obama 's phrase , has become a more serious and positive trend .
In Europe , meanwhile , there is undeniably less collective hope and probably a little less individual fear .
But what is needed to reduce the deficit of hope that plagues Europe today ?
Nevertheless , it is far from clear that the US will find it easier to reform its health and social security system , and thus alleviate the individual fears of its citizens , than for Europe to inspire its citizens with a sense of collective hope .
In reality , Europe and America should represent a source of mutual inspiration that would reduce the human consequences of inequality in the one , and restore a sense of hope in the other .
If Europeans want to regain self-confidence , pride and , collective hope , they must seize the opportunity that the necessary and inevitable adjustment of the multilateral system represents for them .
It is to be hoped that the promised entrance into the European Union will constitute the best `` psychoanalytical cure . ''
These drug donations for river blindness , trachoma -LRB- another blinding disease -RRB- , leprosy , elephantiasis , worms , and bilharzia , as well as for sleeping sickness , give hope to millions .
Within Cuba , he hopes to legitimize his government by improving standards of living .
Only with foreign investment and economic liberalization -- a process that has already begun in some measure -- can Cuba hope to offer its 11.2 million people more consumer goods and comfort , improve the social welfare system , and rehabilitate the country 's infrastructure .
Today , similar hopes are often vested in the Internet , with high expectations that the wealth of online information might trigger the same kind of censorship failure in contemporary authoritarian states that we saw in Eastern Europe -- and with the same results .
Syria can hope for two major changes following the restoration of full diplomatic relations with the US .
A Turkish-Syrian Business Council was established soon after with the hope of developing economic relations , but little impact has been felt , owing to Turkey 's lingering suspicion of Syria 's political alignment .
Later that year , however , the government of Saad Hariri , Rafik Hariri 's son , brought new hope , prompting the IMF to declare that it had `` opened a new window of opportunity for invigorating economic reforms . ''
The essential task for the European Socialist Party now is to build a vision for Europe that addresses its constituencies ' concerns and inspires their hopes .
It promised a more realistic and reasonable way forward than the ill-fated constitutional treaty that it replaced , and many of its supporters also hoped that a central feature of its predecessor -- the notion of `` constitutional patriotism '' -- was still alive .
The hope was that the Chinese leadership would finally do something -- preferably something bold -- to forestall further decline in the country 's major economic indicators .
Looking once more at the news of January 15 , I feel pride and hope : pride for a country that has shown the world its readiness to establish a genuine , secular democracy , and hope for what is to come .
Can a Mediterranean space nurtured by shared democratic values , interests , and hopes emerge from this maelstrom ?
In light of this hopeful trend , how long can Europe 's obsession with Islamic fundamentalism hold sway ?
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
Zimbabwe 's upcoming elections , scheduled for March 29 , offer both fear and hope to the millions trapped in or trying to escape the country 's hellish conditions .
But , without supervision , they will be held in an environment that could dash Zimbabweans ' hopes .
Indeed , 2010 will determine whether US President Barack Obama 's vision of a nuclear-free world will remain a distant but achievable hope , or must be abandoned .
Many policymakers hope that 2010 will bring clarity on the North Korean and Iranian nuclear programs .
The new UN Human Rights Council has so far disappointed those who hoped that it would be a more principled and effective body than its discredited predecessor , the UN Human Rights Commission .
In these dismal circumstances , a recent development has provided a rare ray of hope : the extraordinary mobilization of Congolese civil society in defense of the DRC 's nascent democratic institutions .
China 's vast influence over a few fellow dictatorships still holds out the best hope of softening their misrule .
Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations .
Under the banner of `` simplification , '' the `` how '' is gravitating towards outsourcing most of the implementation to agencies that are to be endowed , one hopes , with greater flexibility to fulfill their specific missions .
One of the most important beacons of hope remains a change in mindset of the Kenyan public .
While public euphoria and high hopes have been dampened , Kenyans remain resolutely engaged in the democratic process .
The manageable , honorable American Dream of the 1950 's -- a decent , affordable college education ; a small house of one 's own ; hope that one 's children will be better off than oneself -- was misplaced in the last decade and a half .
If one of those courageous Afghan women who marched in Kabul wrote -- as I hope she or one of her sisters in the developing world is doing right now -- the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-Western feminism , it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical .
But there are nonetheless striking similarities in the crises that have bedeviled the two African nations . Those similarities are providing Zimbabwe 's citizens with the hope that they may soon see the back of Mugabe .
It is to be hoped that Taylor 's departure heralds the beginning of a new African era , in which Africa 's rulers stop protecting the continent 's dictators because they would rather incur the wrath of faceless citizens than expel a dictator from among their ranks .
No single report can create a more secure world , but those who support that goal must hope that governments and their publics will consider seriously the Panel 's recommendations .
As Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said recently in Paris : `` I use the word ` power ' broadly , because even more important than military and indeed economic power is the power of ideas , the power of compassion , and the power of hope . ''
The 60 % turnout in the January elections and the scenes of Iraqis risking their lives to vote has led to hopes that a political settlement in Iraq may be possible .
But , in the longer term , the slow , steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists .
At the same time , as Europe 's largest consumer of Russian gas , Germany has built its hopes for energy security on developing a rich web of economic ties with Russia .
It is important to provide the prospect of hope , both in material terms and in our policies towards intractable conflicts such as those in the Middle East and Kashmir .
During its first term , the Bush administration hoped that it could solve the North Korean nuclear problem through regime change .
The hope was that isolation and sanctions would topple Kim Jong Il 's dictatorship .
In that sense , bin Laden hoped that the US would be lured into a bloody war in Afghanistan , similar to the Soviet intervention two decades earlier , which had created such a fertile recruiting ground for jihadists .
He hopes that with a few months , he can then withdraw American troops to the periphery of Baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to Iraqi forces .
Indeed , Obama 's most important priority must be to show that America is back in the business of exporting hope rather than fear .
Governments can hope to deter cyber attacks just as they deter nuclear or other armed attacks . But deterrence requires a credible threat of response against an attacker .
The best hope for the future is to ask what is being determined as well as who determines it .
He will have to make difficult decisions while creating a larger sense of meaning in which America once again exports hope rather than fear .
Terrorists hope to create a climate of fear and insecurity that will provoke us to harm ourselves by undercutting the quality of our own liberal democracy .
All who admire the European experiment must hope that they succeed .
For the sake of the global economy , let us hope that neither side miscalculates .
George W. Bush 's administration initially hoped that it could solve the North Korean nuclear problem through regime change .
By flaunting its willingness to take greater risks , the North hopes to further enhance its bargaining power .
Terrorists hope to create a climate of fear and insecurity that will provoke liberal democracies to harm themselves by undercutting their quality in terms of their own values .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
American politics , moreover , remains gridlocked over budgetary issues , and compromise will be even more difficult on the eve of the 2012 election , when Republicans hope that economic problems will help them unseat President Barack Obama .
This is what was hoped for when SDRs were created in the 1960 's , and this process must be completed by transforming the SDRs into such a global currency .
My parents put their hope in the Oslo Accords signed in 1993 , and decided that they could give us a better life here .
But my hope is still to go abroad , learn skills , and return to help others here .
This hope alone keeps the country from disintegrating into a thousand warring parts .
Nigerians can use a dose of hope .
Nevertheless , ordinary Nigerians hope that the presidential election this week , and governorship and state-assembly polls on April 26 , will put into office politicians who will , at long last , take on these challenges .
Indeed , how can the G-7 have the audacity to make repeated public comments about the currency of an outside country and hope for a positive response ?
Signed in 1994 during the hopeful early days of Russia 's first-ever democracy , the PCA was bolstered in 1999 by the creation of the European Union 's Common Security Defense Policy -LRB- CSDP -RRB- .
Shaping the Post-Carbon Economy NEW YORK -- At the end of this year , representatives of the 170 nations that are signatories to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change will meet in Copenhagen for what they hope will be final negotiations on a new international response to global warming and climate change .
Lukashenko hopes that dramatic economic reforms will win Western support , disarm foreign and domestic critics , and achieve economic modernization under authoritarian rule .
When these hopes were dashed , the West reacted with stunned disbelief and anger , reinstating sanctions on 156 top Belarusian officials and members of Lukashenko 's family . The EU has since imposed additional sanctions on judges and other officials involved in punishing protestors , bringing the number of sanctioned individuals to 190 .
Worse , boosting social spending will contribute little to resolving the country 's staggering 17.5 % rate of unemployment -- most of it structural -- while any hope of quick euro adoption will be dashed .
Both Chu and Locke are aware that the US and China are now the world 's largest emitters of greenhouse gases , and that , if there is any hope of remedying global climate change , the two countries must quickly find a way to collaborate .
The Anshan Iron and Steel Group , a Chinese SOE , tried to buy a 20 % interest in the Mississippi-based Steel Development in the hope of setting up a re-bar plant in the US .
But coming as it does only one month after the alarming Russian-Georgian confrontation , it may offer real hope that tensions in the volatile Caucasus region can be eased .
The world must fervently hope that the Turkish proposal for a Caucasus Stability and Cooperation Platform is more serious and sustained than previous similar efforts .
Armenians and Azerbaijanis have not clashed militarily for more than a decade and a half . But this is only because there has been the perception of a military balance and a hope that ongoing negotiations would succeed .
At the same time , there is less hope in negotiations , which appear to be stalled , largely because they have been linked to the Armenia-Turkey process , which also seems to be in limbo .
Just as a loss of confidence among Kurds and Turks in eastern Turkey will rock the shaky stability that they have recently enjoyed , a loss of hope for a settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute may end the tentative military calm between Armenians and Azerbaijanis .
Some Palestinians hope to become , one day , something like Middle Israel .
And she is offering Jews and Arabs some hope , an open horizon , and low-key rationality .
One ray of hope is that moderate Arab leaders , including Egypt 's foreign minister , have openly blamed Hamas for the current Gazan predicament .
I hope , but can not promise , that it would be the well-tempered voice of Middle Israel .
By provoking ethnic conflicts in the territories of former Soviet republics , Moscow hopes to keep them under its control and influence .
Across Latin America , voters -- voicing their economic hopes &#45; &#45; have opted for a new left .
It made an instant impact , but not in the way we hoped .
All of us must hope that the first Internet-generation American President can lead his own country and the rest of humanity into a safer and more sustainably prosperous future .
It seems as though the politics of hope have given way to the politics of the cemetery .
So my own hope is that Obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike .
Maalouf hopes that one day he can call all of the Middle East his homeland , and that his grandson will find his book a strange memento of a time when these arguments had to be put forward .
I hope I am wrong .
Leave Afghanistan to the Taliban , hoping against hope that they will become better-behaved global citizens , and what is the effect likely to be on Pakistan ?
I hope that Blair is saying that to his American friends .
We hope !
For all our sakes , I hope that the future does not derail China 's economic progress , though it will be a surprise if it does not challenge its arthritic and adamantine political system .
As someone who believes that China 's rise should be good for the world , I hope that Deng 's wise advice will be heeded by those Chinese officials who seem to think that this is a good moment to start stamping their feet .
The best example is US President Barack Obama , on whom so many hopes rested -- probably too many for any one leader .
That is the existential issue confronting the world , to which our response remains hopelessly inadequate .
Young men and women throughout the region found their hopes dashed , and sometimes turned to militant Islam as the only alternative to a repressive state .
But better and more hopeful ?
I hope that by the time I take up my pen again , we will be on our way to this destination .
Can we prevent a calamitous increase in global warming in a way that is fair , that takes account of past and present responsibility , and that does not thwart legitimate hopes for a better life everywhere ?
We must also hope that his attempts to act as a peace-broker between West Bank Palestinians and Israel are blessed with success .
Israel and Palestine have become , he said , the hopeless and bloody prism through which American diplomacy often seems to see the world .
It is simply an expression of gratitude to the US for helping to bring down Communism and , more recently , for pressing ahead with NATO enlargement -- despite objections from Russia -- at a time when the EU was hopelessly dragging its feet with regard to its own enlargement .
The hope of EU membership gives mainstream Romanian politicians and the Romanian public strong incentives not to succumb to nationalist sentiments .
Those who hope for further progress on economic reforms in Central Europe will have to wait .
Playing upon such hopes , China has been both coy and demanding .
If they become consolidated democracies , as hoped , would-be entrepreneurs could stop worrying so much about official corruption .
Their special needs should be taken into account in any new EU approach , giving them hope while mitigating the fallout from Kosovo .
Yet there are grounds to hope that it is within our reach .
There is hope : next year , the Kenyan authorities will begin testing maize varieties that they hope will provide high yields and prove more resistant to drought .
Shortly before the Busan meeting , the countries of southern Europe announced major consolidation efforts in the hope of soothing debt markets .
The opportunities , hopes , and dreams delivered to the downtrodden and the vision and plans for Thailand 's future were enmeshed with his own venality .
Third , where risks are regional or global rather than local , many national governments , especially in poorer and smaller countries , may drag their heels in the hope that larger and richer countries will bear the costs of addressing them .
Can such a code really take hold in the competitive world of business ? Perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a New York Times reporter by Max Anderson , one of the pledge 's student organizers : `` There is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good , '' he said .
While some of that is spent in the hope that the patient will have many years to live , it is not unusual for hospitals to provide treatments costing tens of thousands of dollars to patients who have no hope of living more than a week or two -- and often under sedation or barely conscious .
The second is designed to bury whatever hopes still exist for signing a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol .
Georgia will receive its Christmas and New Year 's present late this year , but the wait will be worth it . For the presidential election to choose a successor to President Eduard Shevardnadze , scheduled for January 4 , 2004 , offers the country its first real hope since independence in 1991 .
Investment , particularly in energy , flowed in , as Westen companies hoped that oil and gas deposits in neighboring Azerbaijan meant that there must be some in Georgia , too .
Clinging to the hope that it is all chance , and all natural , seems naive .
Let us hope that this summer of extremes is a last-minute wake-up call to policy makers , the corporate world , and citizens alike .
I hope that the time will come when there are enough women in science that a greater diversity of female role models is represented in bodies that decide about careers .
The best hope for an enduring market democracy in countries like Iraq lies in building the countervailing economic power of professionals and entrepreneurs .
Today , with the benefit of time , we can evaluate whether the accord truly marks the `` historic turning point '' President Johnson hoped for .
How those sanctions worked in tandem with other forms of pressure provides hope that they may yet help turn Iran around .
At first , the UN , like many Timorese , including José Ramos-Horta , the country 's Nobel Laureate president who won election last May , had hoped that a national unity government could be formed .
There is now real hope that talks along these lines can succeed .
Devoid of histrionics , without pretension -- `` simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country '' -- she touched the hearts of freedom-loving Filipinos everywhere , the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of her husband evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes .
In his naiveté , he joined the Communist party in whose program he saw the hope of change .
Here Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen offers his hopes for what type of treaty will emerge .
Paul Marshall , a hedge fund chairman , told the Financial Times that he hoped voluntary action by the industry `` will take the pressure off . ''
If we keep our promises , 2006 can be a year of hope for those who have little else than the dream of a better life .
Third , exciting developments in technologies for studying our brains and genes have created the hope that we are about to discover the biological causes of , and solutions to , human misery and confusion .
An $ 800 billion stimulus did not have the effect for which its proponents hoped , largely because it was accompanied by a big increase in private savings .
Many OECD countries initiated various kinds of flexibility reforms in the hope of improving their economies along US lines .
This progress , which gained a further institutional foothold with the establishment of the International Criminal Court last July , led many to believe that the triumph of international law is no longer a utopian hope but a practical prospect .
People close to Annan say that he hoped to build on these successes during the UN 's recently concluded summit .
Perhaps fewer lessons have been learned from Iraq than might have been hoped .
Indeed , Kouchner 's appointment is likely to demonstrate just how vain a hope humanitarian intervention always was .
As a result , an administration in which many had placed high hopes is lapsing into demagoguery and ineffectiveness .
It will , one hopes , provide a detailed blueprint for the development of large-scale transactions-intensive industries such as wholesale and retail trade , domestic transport and supply-chain logistics , health care , and leisure and hospitality .
Nor should Asia draw a false sense of security from all the hype currently being accorded to the hopes and dreams of a so-called `` two-speed world . ''
This is reason for hope .
Let us hope it is a full and fair examination based on the report 's findings and recommendations .
For the sake of human rights and peace in the region , my hope is that the international community will bear witness to these circumstances , consider Judge Goldstone 's report in its entirety and press for accountability for the most serious crimes .
Alas , the best that can be hoped for at this stage is that Europe will not undermine the global fiscal stimulus that even the International Monetary Fund , the guardian of fiscal orthodoxy , regards as absolutely essential .
But these hopes were dashed as international lending dried up and trade collapsed , sending developing countries down the same spiral that industrial nations took .
When they are under-developed , they shut those demands out in the hope that they will go away -- or be bought off by economic improvements .
Much of the rest of the world , meanwhile , is brimming with energy and hope .
The hope that Turkey is finally shedding its authoritarian vestiges and becoming a stable democracy will lie in tatters .
The World Bank hoped that resources would be allocated more efficiently and that the incomes of cashew farmers would grow .
Today 's crises , one hopes , could be turned into a similar moment of political creativity .
So for now , the world must hope that Americans continue gorging on foreign imports .
One hopes that it changes course soon , before we all are forced to wear swimsuits to work .
One can hope that his confidence is justified .
If sovereign wealth funds want to enter and keep capital-starved firms afloat in hopes of a big rebound , they should be allowed to do so .
Today 's financial firm equity and bond holders must bear the main cost , or there is little hope they will behave more responsibly in the future .
One hopes that President-elect Obama 's all-star economic team will at least adopt a coherent and consistent policy .
But , as in wartime , one hopes these effects are temporary .
One can only hope that the state can get out of the economy half as fast as it is getting in .
Nevertheless , the distinct possibility that stimulus and restructuring may work is further cause to hope that the deepening recession will not morph into a full-blown depression .
I hope so , but I would be more convinced by a plan tilted more toward domestic private consumption , health , and education than to one based on the same growth strategy of the past 30 years .
I hope so , and certainly the Obama administration is a breath of fresh air after the stunning ineptness of the Bush-Cheney years .
Let 's hope that this time there is more than talk . If US and Chinese policymakers instead surrender to the temptation of slipping back to the pre-crisis imbalances , the roots of the next crisis will grow like bamboo . And that would not be good news for the US and China , or anyone else .
Let 's hope that when the G-20 leaders meet later this year , they decide to take the problem seriously instead of tabling discussion for a decade or two until the next crisis is upon us .
One can only hope that the spill will be contained soon , and that the ever-darkening worst-case scenarios will not materialize .
In a remarkable coincidence of timing , Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder called for early elections in the hope of energizing reform .
Why should there be any reason for hope , especially given that US environmental policy has been predicated on the unrealistic belief that relatively small subsidies to new energy technologies can substitute for tax-induced price incentives for producers and consumers ?
However much we may hope so , the current rut in which the US finds itself could prove to be a problem for the rest of the world .
In fact , those who once hoped for the creation of a `` third pole '' in Venezuelan politics were pushed aside by the traditional polarization between Chávez 's supporters and opponents .
The president had hoped to repeat his role as Great Campaigner in previous elections , and so personally led his own campaign , ignoring criticism that he was unfairly taking advantage of the powers of his office .
But hopes that `` green shoots '' of recovery may be springing up have been dashed by plenty of yellow weeds .
This more challenging scenario of anemic recovery undermines hopes for a V-shaped recovery , as low growth and deflationary pressures constrain earnings and profit margins , and as unemployment rates above 10 % in most advanced economies cause financial shocks to re-emerge , owing to mounting losses for banks ' and financial institutions ' portfolios of loans and toxic assets .
Thus , a growing proportion of the workforce -- often below the radar screen of official statistics -- is losing hope of finding gainful employment , while the unemployment rate -LRB- especially for poor , unskilled workers -RRB- will remain high for a much longer period of time than in previous recessions .
So , as the optimists ' delusional hopes for a rapid V-shaped recovery evaporate , the advanced world will be at best in a long U-shaped recovery , which in some cases -- the eurozone and Japan -- may be long enough to stretch into an L-shaped near-depression .
In such a world , recovery in the stronger emerging markets -- the great hope for the global economy -- will suffer , because no country is an island economically .
Other eurozone leaders face stiff political opposition : Silvio Berlusconi in Italy , whom one hopes may soon be booted out of power ; José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero in Spain ; George Papandreou in Greece .
The muddle-through scenario -- with financing provided to member states in distress -LRB- conditional on fiscal adjustment and structural reforms -RRB- , in the hope that they are illiquid but solvent -- is an unstable disequilibrium .
Recent popular demonstrations , from the Middle East to Israel to the UK , and rising popular anger in China -- and soon enough in other advanced economies and emerging markets -- are all driven by the same issues and tensions : growing inequality , poverty , unemployment , and hopelessness .
Still , given a severe financial crisis , declining home prices , and a credit crunch , the US is facing its longest and deepest recession in decades , dashing any hope of a soft landing for the rest of the world .
It is to be hoped that similar external cooperation can ensure that the mid-August poll is conducted fairly , so that the results reflect the will of Venezuelan voters .
At last , the world must recognize that the hopes stirred by the 1990 's peace process have been completely dashed .
Today , such suggestions may seem audacious , naive , or impossible ; but , without such audacity , there is little hope for Afghanistan , Pakistan , or the region as a whole .
When he was finally forced to take to his bed , he said that he hoped his friends would remember him as he had been , not as he was at the end .
They attack any sort of hope or progress to try to undermine morale .
In the Palestinian Authority , a democratically elected president offers the hope of a new chance for peace .
Those who cherish free political systems and free economic systems share similar hopes .
Working together , those hopes can become realities for many more people .
Part of the problem -- at least as far as elections are concerned -- is that the hopes projected by `` liberal '' and `` progressive '' parties are far more attractive and successful than a Conservative 's natural skepticism .
Moreover , they project hope for revitalizing communal and public institutions as we confront the main challenge of accelerated change : ensuring that the knowledge society protects and preserves the dignity of man .
Sometimes this involves a terrorist attack by radical Palestinians against Israeli civilians , in the hope of provoking an exaggerated violent response from Israel that breaks the process of trust building among moderates on both sides .
Peace is about dignity and hope for the future . Military occupation saps dignity , and grinding poverty and economic disarray sap hope .
These and similar efforts can mean the difference between famine and food security , epidemic disease and health , income and utter poverty , and , most importantly , hope and despair .
A few hope for a single secular democratic state . But many more have lost all hope .
But let 's see the positive message instead : 190 countries agreed on a sensible plan , and the underlying science and technology gives us realistic hopes for achieving it .
The fourth problem is that the G-8 ignores the very international institutions -- notably the United Nations and the World Bank -- that offer the best hope to implement global solutions .
Humanity 's only hope is that the vicious circle of extremism can be replaced by a shared global understanding of the massive challenges of climate change , food supplies , sustainable energy , water scarcity , and poverty .
Global scientific processes like the IPCC are critical , because they offer our best hope of forging a consensus based on the scientific evidence .
The G-20 meeting in London on April 2 offers hope for a true global effort to repair the failing world economy .
President Barack Obama has raised hopes for a new strategy , but so far the forces of continuity in US policy are dominating the forces of change .
The policy decisions of recent months offer little more hope for a fundamental change in US foreign policy direction .
Our best hope is that South Korea will succeed as the next host country , picking up where Canada has fallen far short .
When Barack Obama was elected US president , there was hope for progress .
One must hope that the quest for GNH will help steer the country away from such temptations .
President Barack Obama will lose any hope for passing progressive legislation aimed at helping the poor or the environment .
Foreign investors hope to use large mechanized farms to produce output for export , leaving little or nothing for the local populations .
It is a rewarding experience , one that gives me great hope for ultimate success in resolving global problems such as poverty , environmental threats , and violent conflict .
There is a great personal satisfaction in Ban 's own story , one that gives hope for all .
But there is still realistic hope .
This has come late in his term , and he might well continue to favor the rich and Wall Street in exchange for campaign contributions in 2012 , but there is a glimmer of hope that Obama will defend a fairer budget policy .
Several events in November give hope for a stronger international community , with consequent economic benefits .
It offers countries the gains from increased international trade , faster diffusion of technologies to mutual benefit , and hopes for less cross-country violence and conflict .
The agreements in November suggest that most of the world shares such hopes , and is ready to commit political resources into the success of the process .
Let 's hope , for our common future , that the world 's leaders get it right this time around .
World leaders should still gather to commemorate WWI , in the hope that they might learn enough to avoid repeating its disaster in our time .
2005 is the year that words can become reality , and that the world can begin to fulfill its hopes for our new millennium .
The outpouring of aid in response to the Indian Ocean tsunami brought hope to a troubled world .
Iranians were initially hopeful , but after years of waiting in vain they grew impatient .
But reasons to be hopeful about the long-term political future do exist .
But they should learn from Iran 's revolution that their means of agitating for political reform are relevant to the political ends they hope to achieve .
As someone who knew Lebanon in its darkest hours -- when Lebanon was a by-word for chaos , violence , and political hopelessness -- and who saw its rapid reconstitution as a functioning participatory political system and its astonishing return to normalcy , I know that Iraq can be politically rebuilt .
Lebanon 's New Status Quo BEIRUT -- Hezbollah 's armed insurrection in May , which overran Beirut and other parts of Lebanon , has dealt a further blow to hopes of true state sovereignty in the country , strengthening Hezbollah and weakening the Western-backed government .
Although unemployment remains too high , ordinary Colombians are seeing real signs of change and hope for the future .
I hope that governments will do more than that .
I hope that they will take them to heart and address once and for all the long-standing injustices that for too long have pushed too many people with leprosy to the margins of society .
With China 's growing economic clout , rising standard of living , and increasingly respected place in the world , one would hope that the Chinese and their leaders would find a way to let go of the dead .
But the more hopeful scenario is that China , through piecemeal evolution , will continue to shed its historical sense of victimization and its old , bankrupt ideology of revolution to emerge as a more self-confident , democratic , and constructive world player .
Unlike George W. Bush 's administration , which remains cavalier in its disregard for the warning signs of climate danger both at home and globally , Hu Jintao 's leadership has begun to evince a hopeful assertiveness , at least in domestic environmental policy .
China 's leaders seem to have taken note of this moment of Japanese remorse . This implies a ray of hope for a bilateral relationship -- the most important in Asia -- that over the past two decades has been battered by Japan 's reluctance to face its past , which has become a lightning rod for over-heated nationalist sentiment on both sides .
One hopes that China will derive a new measure of respect and self-confidence from these astounding Games .
But one also hopes that China 's successes will enable its leaders to feel strong enough to begin looking honestly at China 's recent past in a more critical way .
Why not just keep the fledgling epidemic under wraps and hope that it goes away without the world ever knowing ?
For this reason , China 's reluctant and belated entrance onto the international diplomatic stage is a hopeful trend that bears watching .
How does one reconcile an isolated retrograde incident such as the disappearance of an elderly Chinese couple with the hopeful progress of the `` Chinese economic miracle '' that has so transformed this once seemingly desperate , backward land ?
Although he was a close confidante of Vladimir Putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason , many dared to hope that he would stop the vendetta against Khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him .
Little speaks for the latter scenario , but Russia has always been a country where hope dies last .
It will fall to the Union , once again , to help transform despair into hope .
We Czechs know something about this , as the wrenching economic transition that we underwent in the 1990 's taught us much about how the right policies can break the grip of hopelessness .
During the 1990 's , the US and Europe erred in treating Russia with benign neglect . It would be a mistake for Russia to respond in kind today by seeking to prolong the PCA negotiations in the hope that a possibly more amenable EU president may one day offer softer terms .
Both the transformation of Baghdad into a Shiite city and the recognition and support of Iraq 's neighbors for the country 's new political order have been instrumental in stabilizing the country . These changes are likely to be permanent , and offer hope that the wide-scale violence that afflicted the country between 2003 and 2007 will not return after US forces depart .
In hopes of stimulating FDI , bilateral agreements have multiplied , but they rarely lead to balanced commitments .
Under what conditions can one reasonably hope to restart a multilateral agreement on investment ?
He welcomed Tito 's rise in Yugoslavia as an internal challenge to Moscow 's hegemony that he hoped others would emulate .
Before July 's protests , they hoped that Hong Kong would provide so attractive an example of the idea of `` One Country , Two Systems '' that Taiwan would be lured into accepting the sovereignty of the government in Beijing .
Without quality education , there can not be a quality work force , and without that , no country can hope to compete in a world where the march of globalization can not be stopped .
This message , it was hoped , would stabilize the market so that prices for `` toxic '' assets could rise to a level at which bankers might feel comfortable selling them .
So far , the G-20 's call to `` think globally '' has turned into `` act locally . '' We hope that the G-20 leaders will think systemically at Cannes , and act nationally and cooperatively to defuse the global credit glut minefield .
While experts are busy trying to explain the Maoists ' unprecedented triumph , much hope rests on the newly elected members of the 601-seat Constituent Assembly .
It is to be hoped that Nepal 's newly elected Maoists have the wisdom to listen to their newly empowered electorate .
So what will happen when Russia 's political class and the President himself discover that `` bureaucratic authoritarianism '' is not the recipe for modernization à la South Korea that they hoped for ?
For the younger generation of Palestinian political activists , the best hope for independence lies in the emergence of an empowered young guard , incorporating both nationalists and Islamists .
Scientific advances are the fundamental cause of economic progress , and yet many nations often apparently hope to piggyback on discoveries made in more scientifically-advanced countries .
Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing , we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth , only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001 .
We hope to facilitate the creation of such markets in other countries as well .
These developments offer hope that current and future homeowners will be spared the agony of worrying about the vicissitudes of the real estate market .
Living a long time is one of our deepest wishes , and medical and economic progress offers the hope that it will be fulfilled .
BNP Paribas hoped to place the bonds with UK pension funds , but so far the issue has not been fully subscribed .
On a recent trip to Mexico I spoke to many Mexicans about the state of their economy and about their hopes for the future .
If the product helps families save , he hopes to persuade lawmakers to make this type of savings scheme easier to offer in America .
Their inherent spirit of goodwill , and the goodwill they can inspire from other financial professionals , holds out the hope of a brighter future to everyone , especially those who are most in need .
If they succeed in devising policies , laws , and incentives that achieve this , a byproduct would likely be a reduction in inequality , which one hopes would reinforce the improved sense of trustworthiness .
We have to hope that the same kind of outcome will emerge from the financial scandals that have produced public outrage analogous to that directed at the food industries in Upton Sinclair 's day .
Public outcry at a time of scandal forced progressive change then ; we should hope that it does so now .
But any such hopes that the aftermath of the current crisis will turn out better are still in the category of thoughts , theories , and dreams , not science .
The best that can be hoped for are serious joint research and development projects , such as collaboration on carbon capture and sequestration , aimed at demonstrating that both leaders are at least pulling in the same direction in addressing climate change .
I hope that US senators take into account the view from Warsaw in making their decisions .
Above all , the West 's effective crackdown on domestic extremism has tended to drive would-be terrorists -- now often based in remote parts of the world , where they hope to operate with impunity -- to higher levels of technical sophistication .
Of course , one can only hope that such a scenario remains pure conjecture .
They buy expensive toys to maximize their child 's learning potential and spend much more on private schools or after school tutoring in the hope that he or she will excel on the tests that determine entry to elite universities .
Because of these ideals , he proclaimed , the United States `` remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve . ''
If America would only follow that advice , it might really be a beacon of hope and a shining example .
He added that he hoped everyone was equal , but that `` people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true . ''
If so , one can only hope that watching how Watson blew himself up will not discourage them from venturing into the minefield .
I had many reasons to hope for the defeat of John Howard 's conservative government , but that does n't explain why I went to some trouble to vote , since the likelihood that my vote would make any difference was miniscule -LRB- and , predictably , it did not -RRB- .
That is what Chris and Anne Ellinger hope their Web site ,
Many hope it will be a first step towards a ban .
The hope of Internet anarchists was that repressive governments would have only two options : accept the Internet with its limitless possibilities of spreading information , or restrict Internet access to the ruling elite and turn your back on the twenty-first century , as North Korea has done .
In such circumstances , the admittedly very real risks of synthetic biology seem decisively outweighed by the hope that it may enable us to avert a looming environmental catastrophe .
This , one hopes , will change the attitude of corporations that enrich themselves by paying dictators for the right to extract valuable resources that belong to the whole country .
True , those walls did not work as well as had been hoped , but Japan was nonetheless much better prepared for a tsunami than Padang is .
The best hope for further progress , it seems , lies in animal welfare becoming , like human rights , an international issue that affects countries ' reputations .
We should wish the effort well , and hope that ultimately the goal becomes global , rather than merely national , happiness .
No embryos are capable of suffering , or have hopes or desires for the future that are abruptly cut off by their death .
Following the hopeful early months of the Obama administration , this `` stop Iran '' policy has become America 's focus .
But , while the compromise is more than could have been hoped for at the outset , several important countries did not partake of it .
This has dispelled hopes that Asia economic activity could develop separately from that of the US , thereby offsetting European exporters ' losses in America .
Germans have always been enthusiastic proponents of the EU , not least because they hoped that a European identity would help compensate for their damaged national identity .
It can only be hoped that the political leaders who shape the course of the twenty-first century will be wise enough to avoid such an outcome .
Reining in Europe 's Debtor Nations MUNICH -- The eurozone countries have now agreed to provide some ¤ 80 billion in cheap loans to Greece over the next three years , and hope that the International Monetary Fund will provide another ¤ 15 billion at the least .
Their recovery is still fragile , but it is real and tangible , and it is providing new hope across the continent .
My own country , Liberia , embodies Africa 's emerging hope and the progress that can be made through a commitment to good governance and strong international support .
Families are being reunited , and , after years of suffering , there is finally hope for the future .
We hope that the G8 can help finalize these arrangements , and can help us ensure that the costs of debt relief are shared among all creditors , including those from the private sector .
We hope you will continue to stand with us as we fight to secure peace , provide basic freedoms , and create the opportunity to rebuild our lives .
Cowper-Coles was reported to have said that the security situation in Afghanistan was deteriorating , that NATO 's presence was making it worse , and that the two American presidential hopefuls should be dissuaded from getting bogged down further .
Both positions are hopelessly buried in intellectual and moral fog .
Without American support , it has little hope of earning legitimacy , let alone doing its job effectively .
So what hope is there for a poor country torn by civil war ?
Being an `` awkward partner '' may offer Russia its best hope of reconciling its yearning for independence with the realities of the modern world .
George Orwell put it well : `` All progress is seen to be a frantic struggle towards an objective which you hope and pray will never be reached . ''
The Wars of Austerity LONDON -- I have become increasingly less hopeful about prospects for a rapid recovery from the global recession .
Let 's hope that wisdom prevails before the rise of another Hitler .
A speculator can `` short '' a government by borrowing its debt at its current price , in the hope of selling it later at a lower price and pocketing the difference .
But many branches of the service sector are a sink of dead-end , no-hope jobs .
The hope is that the reduction in borrowing costs on new loans , plus the austerity programs promised by governments , will enable bond prices to recover to par without the need for the creditor banks to take a hit .
Its God-given task is to build an `` enduring global peace on the foundations of freedom , security , prosperity , and hope . ''
`` The practice of calmness , of immobility , of certainty and security , suddenly breaks down , '' Keynes wrote . `` New fears and hopes will , without warning , take charge of human conduct . ''
Recent developments show that even automotive internal combustion engines will not yield to electric motors or fuel cells as rapidly as many enthusiasts have hoped .
Hers is a kind of `` self-healing '' administration in which events are left to run their course in the hope that they wo n't get out of hand .
Nothing is completely isolated , and `` foreign affairs '' no longer exists : everything has become national , even personal . Other people 's problems are now our problems , and we can no longer look on them with indifference , or hope to reap some personal gain from them .
Paradoxically , however , developments in 2010 offer hope for the future .
Implemented correctly , these treaties could become a hopeful precedent for the entire European Union .
The Franco-British agreement in 2010 was one hopeful sign for 2011 and beyond : a step along the arduous but necessary path toward greater European security .
I hope that meaningful progress comes in 2011 .
In these times , difficult and unpredictable but full of hope , the world needs Turkey and the EU to work together .
But , by targeting this entitlement , Prime Minister David Cameron 's government hopes to give the British people a better understanding of the unfairness of the current welfare state .
The ailing French republic 's political leaders hoped that de Gaulle could end the Algerian war , yet keep Algeria French .
It is to be hoped that Iraq 's conquest will be swift and relatively painless .
The consensus was that they hoped somebody would do it without their knowing about it .
This week , world leaders have an opportunity to steer developments onto a new and more hopeful path when they meet in London to forge a new compact with Afghanistan .
Until recently , investors hoped that the US Federal Reserve would do whatever it takes to avoid a recession , because that is what it did on previous occasions .
I hope that the Spanish EU Presidency will build on this experience to champion the launch of a comprehensive European Roma strategy .
By failing to make any progress beyond keeping the talks alive , the Cancún summit has given the impression that nothing is happening , and that the situation is hopeless .
Thus , despite the widespread impression that the climate-change agenda has stalled , there are grounds for hope .
But realizing that hope requires keeping pace with global warming , and that means speeding up the process of putting a price -- or prices -- on carbon emissions .
Otherwise , deficit countries will have no reason to hope that they can escape their predicament no matter how hard they work .
Behind this is the notion that respect for human rights can be enforced externally , together with the hope that rulers will behave better because they recognize that they may be held accountable for violating human rights .
Whether this hope is justified remains to be seen .
Let us hope that these global issues receive the attention they require .
The hope is that such reforms will reduce the likelihood and severity of systemic risk .
Indeed , attempts to coordinate economic policy across the G-20 , which accounts for 85 % of global GDP , fell short of what was hoped for in 2010 .
That structural shift , in combination with the renminbi 's strengthening effective real exchange rate relative to the dollar , owing to inflation and rapidly rising wages in export sectors , offers hope that China 's surplus will fall .
China 's Next Mountain to Climb MILAN -- China is entering a complex set of transitions that will lay the foundations for the advanced-country status that it hopes to reach in the next 25 years .
It is a synonym for a new beginning , new hope , the rule of the `` better me '' that exists in all of us .
The three Georgian leaders declare bilateral relations a high priority , and in Russia , too , there is widespread hope that their victory will help repair ties between the two countries .
So it is to be hoped that they will take Russia 's security concerns seriously , possibly providing partnership in controlling Georgian roads leading into Chechnya .
But by that time , even the civilian chancellor had resolved on extravagant war aims that made hopes for a negotiated peace illusory .
It took a worse catastrophe , a world-historical scourge , to teach these people a lesson . Let us hope that Americans learn their lesson about the dangers and follies of imperial hubris sooner .
It avoids the hopeless task of trying to value millions of complex mortgages and the even more complex financial products in which they are embedded , and it deals with the `` lemons '' problem -- the government gets stuck with the worst or most overpriced assets .
It is to be hoped that it will not take us that long this time : given the level of global interdependence , the costs would simply be too high .
Letting AIG fail might have hurt some systemically important institutions , but dealing with that would have been better than to gamble upwards of $ 150 billion and hope that some of it might stick where it is important .
Short-sighted responses by politicians -- who hope to get by with a deal that is small enough to please taxpayers and large enough to please the banks -- will only prolong the problem .
The well of money may be running dry , and so , too , may be America 's legendary optimism and hope .
Their hope is that it will work once again to keep them free to do as they please , regardless of the risks for taxpayers and the economy .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
One might have hoped that America would be the first to offer large amounts of money to help the many innocent victims of the policies it had championed .
The report by the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress will , one hopes , lead to a better understanding of the uses , and abuses , of that statistic .
INET has been given complete freedom -- with respect to both content and strategy -- and one hopes that it will draw further support from other sources .
With soaring deficits , a second stimulus appears unlikely , and , with monetary policy at its limits and inflation hawks being barely kept at bay , there is little hope of help from that department , either .
Some hoped that the Greek tragedy would convince policymakers that the euro can not succeed without greater cooperation -LRB- including fiscal assistance -RRB- .
For the EU 's smaller countries , the lesson is clear : if they do not reduce their budget deficits , there is a high risk of a speculative attack , with little hope for adequate assistance from their neighbors , at least not without painful and counterproductive pro-cyclical budgetary restraints .
So , while bringing down short-term T-bill rates to near zero has failed , the hope is that bringing down longer-term interest rates will spur the economy .
When the last year has n't gone so well , it is a time for hope that the next year will be better .
So this is my hope for the New Year : we stop paying attention to the so-called financial wizards who got us into this mess -- and who are now calling for austerity and delayed restructuring -- and start using a little common sense .
We can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words .
But one hopes that campaign promises wo n't tie the new leader 's hands , as so often happens in electoral politics .
I was among those who hoped that , somehow , the financial crisis would teach Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- a lesson about the need for greater equality , stronger regulation , and a better balance between the market and government .
Worse , the bankers are now back at their desks , earning bonuses that amount to more than most workers hope to earn in a lifetime , while young people who studied hard and played by the rules see no prospects for fulfilling employment .
Their hope is evolutionary , not revolutionary .
The hoped-for improvement in the fiscal position does not materialize .
I hope that the Bush Administration will enact policies to strengthen the US economy : a tax cut that might made minimal sense when it seemed that the US had a multi-trillion dollar surplus no longer makes any sense at all .
But it is to be hoped that the West 's legal systems will provide an alternative recourse , one that will not only partially redress past injustices , but provide incentives for corporations to think twice before profiting from brutal regimes in the future .
The US Treasury and the IMF knew , or at least hoped , that with the passing of the crisis , global attention would turn elsewhere .
These developments hold out the hope that the US will adopt a more multilateral approach to foreign policy in 2004 .
But the Bush administration 's exclusion of creditor countries like France , Germany , and Russia from Iraqi reconstruction contracts undermines this hope .
Let us hope that , emerging out of today 's scandals , there will be a renewed commitment to live up to these ideals and to strengthen the institutions that were designed to enforce them .
This could only be rational if the seller can hope to establish a monopoly position and extract large profits in the future .
Regrettably , in spite of its name , the Development Round has offered far less to developing countries than one would have hoped .
But the doctrine of preemptive war has been badly tarnished , and I remain hopeful that Congress and the American people have learned a painful lesson .
Nor , judging from the World Bank 's practices while she was its chief economist , is there reason to hope for more meaningful participation by developing countries , much less a genuine debate about alternative strategies .
If it gives tax cuts to the rich , it will have less to spend on repairing levees ; if it deploys the National Guard and reserves to fight a hopeless war in Iraq , there will be fewer resources at home to cope with a domestic crisis .
Perhaps Bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office -- and would be felt more by poor , low-lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
In facing and planning for disasters , whether natural or man-made , we must do more than hope and pray for the best .
To be sure , the attempt by America 's new UN ambassador , John Bolton , to introduce hundreds of last-minute changes to the summit 's concluding declaration doomed the agreement -- perhaps deliberately -- to being less comprehensive and forceful than had been hoped .
Nor can such questions be answered with the wistful hope that everyone will someday benefit .
A Cool Calculus of Global Warming The British government recently issued the most comprehensive study to date of the economic costs and risks of global warming , and of measures that might reduce greenhouse gas emissions , in the hope of averting some of the direst consequences .
Economic integration , it was hoped , would lead to greater understanding , underpinned by the myriad interactions that inevitably flow from commerce . Increased interdependence would make conflict unthinkable .
We should all hope that China 's new economic model succeeds .
At first , there was reason for hope : Wolfowitz was forceful in arguing for debt forgiveness and an end to agricultural subsidies .
This , one hopes , is the silver lining in the cloud now hanging over the World Bank .
In a sense , the strategy worked : a housing bubble fed a consumption boom , as savings rates plummeted to zero . The economic weaknesses were simply being postponed to some future date ; the Bush administration hoped that the day of reckoning would come after November 2008 . Instead , things began to unravel in August 2007 .
After two years and 10,000 miles of endurance , courage , and hope against impossible odds , the Red Armies reached northwest China .
For him , a survivor of extreme poverty and oppression , communism was a beautiful , sustaining dream , the hope of a just and advanced society .
But the hope that this would ensure greater stability has been unfulfilled .
And it reaches 40 % and over amongst those who drop out of school in the banlieues , which have become no-go zones of hopelessness .
Social assistance with no hope of individual improvement is not enough .
Why do portfolio and pension-fund managers hope to receive impunity from their investors ?
But Putin needs to be convinced to take the lead . His hope for better relations with Japan gives Japan 's leaders leeway to nudge him in this direction .
Russia has also been enforcing a complete trade embargo on Georgia in the hope of weakening the resolve of its pro-Western president , Mikhail Saakashvili .
That backing appeared to be part of Chávez 's `` Bolivarian '' socialist revolution , which has used Venezuela 's petrodollars to bankroll left-wing governments in Ecuador , Bolivia , and Cuba in the hope of building up a regional anti-American alliance .
Some commentators argue that in repairing relations , Uribe , Calderón , and Lula hope to mollify their left-wing opponents .
An independent Somaliland could be a force for stability and good governance in an otherwise hopeless region .
Given Cameron 's determination to place the US-UK relationship on a more equal footing than it was under Labor , I hope he will feel free to raise this issue with the Obama administration ; indeed , a deal between the late UK Foreign Secretary Robin Cook and former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright was apparently very nearly closed some years ago .
China has been investing heavily recently in neighboring Ethiopia in the hope of buying neutrality from Prime Minister Meles Zenawi in the event of war , though the government in Addis Ababa is more likely to side with its Christian co-religionists in the South .
In today 's neighborhood , where EU expansion is not in the cards , Europe hopes to shore up its presence by opening its huge internal market and increasing assistance .
It is not farfetched to imagine that Gbagbo hopes to convert his loss at the polls into a similar pact with Ouattara .
While India 's government had briefly hoped that the proof might enable Pakistan 's weak civilian government to rein in the malign elements in its society , the Pakistani authorities ' reaction has been one of denial .
The increasingly forlorn resistance operations staged from Indian territory were shut down in the hope of reciprocation from the Burmese side .
On Wednesday , 166 heads of state and government will gather in New York for a summit that we hope will take the reform process a major step forward .
At its best and at its worst , the UN is a mirror of our world : it reflects our differences and our convergences , our hopes and aspirations , and our limitations and failures .
With its renewal , we will also renew our hope for a fairer and safer world .
Several large government-funded trials are ongoing , and it is hoped that these will improve the scientific basis for decision-making within the next few years .
The concept of a dialogue between cultures is sometimes strained , or seems only a pious hope , because we ask it to do the impossible : solve inflamed political conflicts .
My hopes for success are buoyed by my ability to call my mother inexpensively and discuss the farm .
That we , young African women , are talking more about the sport is a sign of hope for women 's soccer on the continent .
So who will be Russia 's next president is now a certainty ; less obvious is what he hopes to achieve .
Today 's economic silver bullet is an `` innovation city '' in Skolkovo , which the government hopes will spur inflows of modern technology .
No newspaper or broadcast news program can hope to report on what every Facebook group is up to .
Let us hope that practical men and women will learn that lesson .
We must give up the hope of liberty within an ordered society and market and resign ourselves to that interminable war of all against all of which Hobbes spoke .
Only by restoring our partnership can we hope to keep our Orange Revolution 's promises .
Only a second victory over Yanukovich can secure a future of freedom and hope for Ukraine 's people .
Russia 's other selfish aim has been to exempt from sanctions the Bushehr nuclear-reactor project it is building for Iran , and to ward off a UN-sponsored financial squeeze on Iran that might put at risk the profits Russia hopes to earn from providing nuclear fuel for the reactor , which is due to be commissioned late this year .
Russian policy , based on immediate monetary gain and a hope of diplomatic influence , is dangerously short-sighted .
Ukraine 's neighbors should now help us by offering support and hope .
Only by reinforcing open trading and financial relations across Europe can we hope to subdue today 's crisis .
Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless ; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin ; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars ; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that can not meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine 's people .
But , as someone who led a peaceful revolution , I hope that pride is tempered by pragmatism , because a change of regime is only the first step in establishing a democracy backed by the rule of law .
Political prisoners , hungry children , the homeless Chernobyl refugees , or the irradiated workers in need of a lifetime of medical help -- to dismiss their plight , to refuse to offer some spark of hope , is to exile them to a netherworld of helplessness .
To do otherwise is to surrender not only our freedom , but our hopes for better lives .
Thus , our first task is legal and judicial reform , and here we are given hope by the courage of Ukraine 's Supreme Court , which in overturning the stolen election of November 21 upheld the law and the liberties of Ukrainians against a regime determined to sweep them away .
Turkey is still an active and influential member , and hopes to benefit as much as possible from membership .
As this UK-sponsored resolution was meant to bring the Iraq issue back to the Security Council after the withdrawal of the UN weapons inspectors and subsequent American air strikes of December 1998 , hope for progress on Iraq within the Security Council was scant .
Fear of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is only marginally involved in an uprising that it did not initiate and has no hope of controlling , is no excuse for trying to save a failing regime .
The EU is pinning its hopes on one mechanism to reduce Greek debt : loans from the European Financial Stability Facility that would allow Greece to buy its own debt at a discount in the secondary market .
The hope is that not only those living in Russia but also emigrants will be overcome with patriotic feelings .
Those hopes have vanished .
In case after case , billions of dollars in remittances from migrants have given families in poor countries what their governments -LRB- and foreign donors -RRB- could not always provide : food , safety , the resources to recover , and hope .
Institutions matter at least as much as equipment if developing countries hope to join the global digital economy in any meaningful way .
The hope is that the Taliban leadership is not cohesive -- that , whereas some of its members are probably committed to al-Qaeda 's absolutist ideology , others might accept a compromise settlement .
One hopeful sign is that Russian officials have recently acknowledged the impracticality of the sectoral BMD plan that Medvedev proposed at last November 's NATO-Russian Council summit .
The hope is to reduce acute emotional distress and prevent the onset of post-trauma psychiatric disorder .
Yet it has begun , and completing it offers the hope of moving from the educational equivalent of bloodletting to vaccines and antibiotics .
I will forego all that , and skip to the chase : what can we hope to see ?
Such are my hopes and expectations for the LHC .
It is a severe and prolonged state of mind in which normal sadness grows into a painful state of hopelessness , listlessness , lack of motivation , and fatigue .
As depression worsens , feelings of extreme sadness and hopelessness combine with low self-esteem , guilt , memory loss , and concentration difficulties to bring about a severely painful state of mind .
As Barack Obama submits to the pressures of a US Department of Defense in which private contractors comprise 65 % of the staffing budget , proposes preventive detention of Guantánamo detainees , and perpetuates the status quo in myriad other ways , her question -- `` So how 's that whole hopey-changey thing workin ' out for ya ? '' -- is not the wrong question .
I hope that the Republican establishment does not succeed in co-opting the Tea Party -- and that the Democratic establishment does not , either .
And I hope that the movement captures the imagination of progressives , who are equally disgusted with the corruption of the status quo , and who can agree on many thematic goals , even if their policy proposals might be different .
Lack of jobs can lead to increased frustration and hopelessness on such a scale that ensuing social and political ferment could make tomorrow 's world far less stable and secure than that of today .
Greater effort , in the form of research and resources , must be invested in better understanding the hopes and aspirations of young people .
Angela Merkel 's poor showing in Germany 's recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the country 's famously rigid economy .
Meanwhile , the French presidential hopeful , Nicolas Sarkozy , who was associating himself with Merkel and articulating a bold reform program , suddenly seems weak .
This has led to a schism between the hopes young Muslims have for successful lives in the West and their aspirations for their Muslim brothers and sisters , who have suffered so many terrible disappointments .
Worse yet , America waved the banner of democracy as it prosecuted its wars . But hopes for democracy , be it secular or Islamist , for the people concerned have been buried in the rubble and carnage of Baghdad , Beirut , and Kandahar .
So when America called for democracy , the hearts of many in the region soared with the hope that reform would come at last . But America , as so many times before , let them down .
As people at last began to hope for more liberal and decent societies , the US continued to endorse the regimes that were repressing them . America simply could not adhere to its own democracy-promotion script .
According to Israeli Vice Premier Shimon Peres , Israel hopes to isolate and contain the Shi'a \/ Farsi spheres of power by forging open cooperation with the Sunni\/Arab domain .
So maintaining that government in office has now become a strategic priority for Iran , particularly as it is now clear that any US hopes of using Iraq as a permanent military base are dead .
The hope is that such realistic and pragmatic accommodations will be extended to Iraqis who are fighting under the banner of a nationalist and anti-occupation agenda .
But if Yemen 's masses are not to become more radicalized , they will need to be incorporated into an economic zone that offers hope for the future .
Despite sectarian struggle , especially in Iraq and Lebanon , some flexible states hope to rebuild their stability by holding elections .
Through the strategic deployment of Mecca , it is hoped that the region 's radicals -- Iraqi Shi'a , Hamas , Hezbollah , the Taliban , and the Iranians -- will undergo a kind of `` healing '' as they gain access to Islam 's holiest sites .
Although bilateral tensions began to build from 1998 onward , due to the Taliban 's refusal to turn over Osama bin Laden to Saudi Arabia -LRB- his homeland -RRB- , the Kingdom still hoped that petro-dollar diplomacy might solve this problem .
Their best hope is to be found in Pakistan , which views Afghanistan in much the same strategic way that Saudi Arabia does , but with India , instead of Iran , being the rival for influence .
One saw women from all walks of life marching in hope of a better future , for themselves and for their countries .
But do n't look for hope in the new generation , which is not necessarily young or progressive .
If Abdullah -LRB- aged 83 -RRB- can perhaps skip a generation and appoint a more open-minded younger figure , there may be hope .
No one inside or outside can remove its anachronistic dynastic-communist regime , and no outsider can hope to modify quickly the policy behavior of its fossilized military , party , and administrative bureaucrats .
Rising tension on the Korean Peninsula is shattering fast the glimmers of hope for re-unity that followed ten years of progress under the Kim Dae-Jung and Roh Moo-hyun governments .
If investment stalls , President Putin will have no hope of doubling the size of the economy within a decade , as he has promised .
If prosecutors can treat huge businesses so roughly , what hope is there for medium and small businesses ?
In fact , only businesspeople may now be able to influence events : a sharp and pronounced slowdown , with Russian capital showing its displeasure by voting with its feet , might be the last hope for turning the prosecutors from their chosen course .
I remember the late 1980 's not only for its hopes for freedom , but also for a total absence of baby food for my newborn daughter .
There is enough baby food in the shops . But now there are no hopes for freedom .
But even skeptics nourish many hopes .
With the advent of peace , we all hope that this bond will become consolidated around a common Israeli citizenship .
HAIFA -- Contrary to the hopes of many , the end of the Second World War and the shock of the Nazi atrocities did not mean the end of war and genocide .
Last month , during a public prayer in Ramallah , the Palestinian Minister of Religion , Mahmoud Habash , delivered a speech that gives hope to proponents of this solution .
Finally , a gleam of hope might arise from necessity .
Moreover , there is no hope that any new leader , whoever it may be , will get any breathing space to establish unquestioned control , given the economy 's utter state of decay , as last year 's failed bid to reform the currency demonstrated .
Kan undoubtedly hopes that success in convincing trade partners to lift their bans on such products will boost his exceptionally weak domestic political support .
America should not pin too much hope on a weakening dollar to correct its trade imbalances .
Mazrui , forever the optimist , expressed hope that the `` human will has the power of restoration . ''
With its pursuit of research into the farthest reaches of the universe -- deep space -- South Africa hopes to provide further proof that Africans can compete at all levels .
African governments also must be willing to start small : expend a lot of effort to attract pilot projects in the hope of larger employment in the future .
He speaks the language of populism , raising hopes for the vast majority of South Africans who daily endure the misery of poor housing , schools , and health care .
