The Parmalat scandal may have been a blow to global capitalism , but in Italy it is hoped that it might sound the death knell for an economic system traditionally based much more on `` connections '' amongst private groups - and between these groups and the public sector - than on competitive markets .
He delivered the clean bill of health that Saddam had hoped for when he began hiding his atomic factories and ambitions .
Another hoped-for benefit was that capital gains could be converted into home equity loans , boosting homeowners ' living standards .
Obama 's administration had hoped for a final breakthrough in Russia 's WTO talks , but Putin 's actions have eliminated prospects for such an outcome .
But , after 15 months on the job , and innumerable visits to the region , all Mitchell has to show for his efforts is an agreement between Israel and the Palestinian Authority to start indirect `` proximity talks '' -- which it is hoped will lead to direct talks in due course .
When Obama , two days into his presidency , appointed former Senator George Mitchell as his special envoy to the Middle East , many hoped that within two years his efforts would lead to an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians -- and to a comprehensive peace between Israel and all its Arab neighbors .
It might have been hoped that the bank supervisors who stress-tested the banks would try to estimate the size of the banks ' losses on toxic assets .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
Those who organized this coup hoped that it would lead to greater things for themselves ; those who signed a petition of protest were fired not long after .
Not only Israel and the US , but also Egypt and Saudi Arabia have hoped for the political demise of this friend of every radical regional cause -- from Hamas and Iran to the anti-Western forces in Lebanon -- that they oppose .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
If they really hoped to be believed , they should have listened to my interlocutors in the old city of Riga over the next few days .
Over the years , those leaders hoped to reap the benefits of reform while avoiding the blame , so they routinely let EU officials based in Brussels take the political heat for unpopular but necessary measures .
Indeed , in the Great Depression of the 1930 's , it was common for Western intellectuals to turn to communism and central planning as a hoped-for panacea .
The Chinese Communist Party hoped to use the Games to showcase the country 's emergence as a dynamic , modern nation .
In 2001 , then President Jiang Zemin hoped the Games would herald China 's arrival as an industrialized power .
In Washington , many Democrats will use these policy debates to capitalize on popular fury at Wall Street , while many Republicans look for an opening to capitalize on hoped-for public anger at the Democrats .
Musharraf hoped to extend his presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that he renounce his military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister .
They hoped that men who managed to accumulate so much personal wealth could do the same for their voters .
Clearly , then , whatever de Coubertin might have hoped , cosmopolitanism and cross-cultural brotherhood comes less naturally to human beings than the raw emotions of the tribe .
He hoped that Germany could be separated from Nazism , that Nazism could be destroyed without destroying Germany , thus preserving that great nation as a bulwark against the Soviet Union .
Both leaders were outraged about a murderous dictator and hoped that toppling him would open the door for democracy in Iraq .
This -LRB- they hoped -RRB- would automatically bring about a degree of stability that would help resolve other conflicts in the region , and also guarantee the uninterrupted flow of oil .
Card-carrying neo-liberals like me , who pushed for opening capital flows wide in the early 1990 's , had a particular vision in mind . But the future that we hoped for did not come to pass .
And , at least so far , the boom has not induced the systemic political changes for which many hoped .
Among the hoped-for effects of the Euro 's physical arrival are an increased transparency of the differences in retail prices between different EMU countries , and a subsequent pressure to equalize these prices .
I would have hoped that these people had learned from Schumann and Monnet what really matters for Europe and its future ; sadly , this does not seem to be the case .
It is to be hoped that we will learn the details before the G-20 meets in Seoul in November .
He hoped to break up Putin 's monopoly by using its own tools .
Ever since the Greek crisis began , the country has shown that it can not solve its problems as the IMF and the European Commission had hoped .
He hoped that France could dominate the National Liberation Front -LRB- FLN -RRB- militarily , and was frustrated at the extremely messy political situation on the ground and the difficulty of persuading the settlers that maintaining the status quo was untenable .
Barack Obama 's election was meant to improve everything -- or so it was hoped .
BERLIN -- Twenty-five years after the nuclear disaster at Chernobyl , the ongoing catastrophe at the Fukushima nuclear reactor in Japan has -- it must be hoped -- made clear once and for all that the purported blessings of the nuclear age are mere illusions : nuclear power is neither clean nor safe nor cheap .
We hoped to create a way out for the military leaders , a way to start a real dialogue with the people 's leaders and the leaders of ethnic groups , for the unity of the nation .
Second , the Bush team is pledging to bring democracy to Iraq , a transformation that - it is hoped - will spur democratization across the region .
This also implies that Eurobonds will never constitute the silver bullet that some had hoped would solve Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis .
It is to be hoped that it will not be overshadowed by calls in Congress for Japan to apologize more formally than it already has for the comfort women .
In time , however , the changes might amount to less than was first hoped , and could actually bring about a situation that arguably is worse than the status quo ante -LRB- the French Revolution , the Bolshevik Revolution , and the Iranian Revolution come to mind -RRB- .
In a change of strategy , the negotiating team had decided to marginalize Karadzic and Mladic and to force Milosevic , as the senior Serb in the region , to take responsibility for the war and for the negotiations that we hoped would end it .
Review work , it is hoped , will begin early in the new year .
Organizers held the meeting in Vienna specifically because it is `` the gateway to Eastern Europe , '' and they hoped to involve the region more than ever .
In December 2009 in Copenhagen , world leaders talked far into the night , and emerged , according to the conventional wisdom , with virtually nothing . In fact , though we did not get a comprehensive , legally binding treaty that would usher in an era of sustainable , low-carbon prosperity , as we had hoped , there were significant achievements in Copenhagen .
More importantly , China abandoned economic autarky three decades ago . Today , its economic links in Asia are deep , and -- it is to be hoped -- permanent .
The appointment of a new UN envoy should prove a more efficient way of coordinating Afghanistan 's international helpmates . And it is to be hoped that whoever is chosen may be able to foster the grand bargain between the US and EU that is so badly needed .
Since protons are the simplest nuclei , it was hoped that , at high energy , the forces acting during the scattering of protons could be observed and analyzed like in a slow-motion film , providing a precise understanding of the strong force .
They were sometimes naive , as when Spencer hoped that rich citizens would nearly automatically be good citizens and thus find it natural to help those who were not so successful .
In the aftermath of Israel 's assault on Gaza , Palestinians hoped that Israel would choose a leader who would focus on the need to end the suffering , lift the siege , and begin rebuilding .
Speaking at the UN General Assembly on September 23 , 2010 , Obama said that he hoped that `` when we come back here next year , we can have an agreement that will lead to a new member of the United Nations -- an independent , sovereign state of Palestine , living in peace with Israel . ''
Almost one in five hoped that unemployment would be addressed .
Hu 's unbridled glorification of `` Mao Zedong Thought , '' coupled with his suppression of dissent in the media , has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian , but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals , both inside and outside China , who hoped that Hu would be a reform-minded leader .
It is to be hoped that Ukraine 's Russian-speaking citizens , having witnessed the economic despair -- and sometimes the bloodshed -- caused by the Kremlin 's manufactured pro-autonomy movements , will realize that they are being turned into Putin 's pawns .
When Viktor Yanukovych was elected president in February , many Ukrainians hoped his victory would end five years of political infighting under former President Viktor Yushchenko and lead to increased stability , reform , and national unity .
Elsewhere calling for immediate and substantial cuts in carbon emissions , the IPCC 's director even declared that he hoped the IPCC report would `` shock people , governments into taking more serious action . ''
Many people hoped that Iran 's leaders , despite their extremism , would accept the offer if only to avoid sanctions -- which are sure to come even if China and Russia refuse to support them in the United Nations Security Council .
It is to be hoped that Barack Obama , should he win America 's presidency , will recall the tolerant Indonesia where he grew up and shape policies toward it accordingly .
The outcome was better than anyone in the Kremlin could have hoped for : 89 % of the Chechen electorate turned out to vote , and 96 % of voters supported the Moscow-drafted constitution .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
It is to be hoped that the promised entrance into the European Union will constitute the best `` psychoanalytical cure . ''
It promised a more realistic and reasonable way forward than the ill-fated constitutional treaty that it replaced , and many of its supporters also hoped that a central feature of its predecessor -- the notion of `` constitutional patriotism '' -- was still alive .
The new UN Human Rights Council has so far disappointed those who hoped that it would be a more principled and effective body than its discredited predecessor , the UN Human Rights Commission .
It is to be hoped that Taylor 's departure heralds the beginning of a new African era , in which Africa 's rulers stop protecting the continent 's dictators because they would rather incur the wrath of faceless citizens than expel a dictator from among their ranks .
During its first term , the Bush administration hoped that it could solve the North Korean nuclear problem through regime change .
In that sense , bin Laden hoped that the US would be lured into a bloody war in Afghanistan , similar to the Soviet intervention two decades earlier , which had created such a fertile recruiting ground for jihadists .
George W. Bush 's administration initially hoped that it could solve the North Korean nuclear problem through regime change .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
This is what was hoped for when SDRs were created in the 1960 's , and this process must be completed by transforming the SDRs into such a global currency .
It made an instant impact , but not in the way we hoped .
If they become consolidated democracies , as hoped , would-be entrepreneurs could stop worrying so much about official corruption .
Investment , particularly in energy , flowed in , as Westen companies hoped that oil and gas deposits in neighboring Azerbaijan meant that there must be some in Georgia , too .
Today , with the benefit of time , we can evaluate whether the accord truly marks the `` historic turning point '' President Johnson hoped for .
At first , the UN , like many Timorese , including José Ramos-Horta , the country 's Nobel Laureate president who won election last May , had hoped that a national unity government could be formed .
Paul Marshall , a hedge fund chairman , told the Financial Times that he hoped voluntary action by the industry `` will take the pressure off . ''
An $ 800 billion stimulus did not have the effect for which its proponents hoped , largely because it was accompanied by a big increase in private savings .
People close to Annan say that he hoped to build on these successes during the UN 's recently concluded summit .
Perhaps fewer lessons have been learned from Iraq than might have been hoped .
Alas , the best that can be hoped for at this stage is that Europe will not undermine the global fiscal stimulus that even the International Monetary Fund , the guardian of fiscal orthodoxy , regards as absolutely essential .
The World Bank hoped that resources would be allocated more efficiently and that the incomes of cashew farmers would grow .
In fact , those who once hoped for the creation of a `` third pole '' in Venezuelan politics were pushed aside by the traditional polarization between Chávez 's supporters and opponents .
The president had hoped to repeat his role as Great Campaigner in previous elections , and so personally led his own campaign , ignoring criticism that he was unfairly taking advantage of the powers of his office .
It is to be hoped that similar external cooperation can ensure that the mid-August poll is conducted fairly , so that the results reflect the will of Venezuelan voters .
When he was finally forced to take to his bed , he said that he hoped his friends would remember him as he had been , not as he was at the end .
He welcomed Tito 's rise in Yugoslavia as an internal challenge to Moscow 's hegemony that he hoped others would emulate .
Before July 's protests , they hoped that Hong Kong would provide so attractive an example of the idea of `` One Country , Two Systems '' that Taiwan would be lured into accepting the sovereignty of the government in Beijing .
This message , it was hoped , would stabilize the market so that prices for `` toxic '' assets could rise to a level at which bankers might feel comfortable selling them .
It is to be hoped that Nepal 's newly elected Maoists have the wisdom to listen to their newly empowered electorate .
So what will happen when Russia 's political class and the President himself discover that `` bureaucratic authoritarianism '' is not the recipe for modernization à la South Korea that they hoped for ?
BNP Paribas hoped to place the bonds with UK pension funds , but so far the issue has not been fully subscribed .
The best that can be hoped for are serious joint research and development projects , such as collaboration on carbon capture and sequestration , aimed at demonstrating that both leaders are at least pulling in the same direction in addressing climate change .
He added that he hoped everyone was equal , but that `` people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true . ''
True , those walls did not work as well as had been hoped , but Japan was nonetheless much better prepared for a tsunami than Padang is .
But , while the compromise is more than could have been hoped for at the outset , several important countries did not partake of it .
Germans have always been enthusiastic proponents of the EU , not least because they hoped that a European identity would help compensate for their damaged national identity .
It can only be hoped that the political leaders who shape the course of the twenty-first century will be wise enough to avoid such an outcome .
Recent developments show that even automotive internal combustion engines will not yield to electric motors or fuel cells as rapidly as many enthusiasts have hoped .
The ailing French republic 's political leaders hoped that de Gaulle could end the Algerian war , yet keep Algeria French .
It is to be hoped that Iraq 's conquest will be swift and relatively painless .
The consensus was that they hoped somebody would do it without their knowing about it .
Until recently , investors hoped that the US Federal Reserve would do whatever it takes to avoid a recession , because that is what it did on previous occasions .
Indeed , attempts to coordinate economic policy across the G-20 , which accounts for 85 % of global GDP , fell short of what was hoped for in 2010 .
So it is to be hoped that they will take Russia 's security concerns seriously , possibly providing partnership in controlling Georgian roads leading into Chechnya .
It is to be hoped that it will not take us that long this time : given the level of global interdependence , the costs would simply be too high .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
One might have hoped that America would be the first to offer large amounts of money to help the many innocent victims of the policies it had championed .
Some hoped that the Greek tragedy would convince policymakers that the euro can not succeed without greater cooperation -LRB- including fiscal assistance -RRB- .
I was among those who hoped that , somehow , the financial crisis would teach Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- a lesson about the need for greater equality , stronger regulation , and a better balance between the market and government .
The hoped-for improvement in the fiscal position does not materialize .
But it is to be hoped that the West 's legal systems will provide an alternative recourse , one that will not only partially redress past injustices , but provide incentives for corporations to think twice before profiting from brutal regimes in the future .
The US Treasury and the IMF knew , or at least hoped , that with the passing of the crisis , global attention would turn elsewhere .
Regrettably , in spite of its name , the Development Round has offered far less to developing countries than one would have hoped .
Perhaps Bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office -- and would be felt more by poor , low-lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
To be sure , the attempt by America 's new UN ambassador , John Bolton , to introduce hundreds of last-minute changes to the summit 's concluding declaration doomed the agreement -- perhaps deliberately -- to being less comprehensive and forceful than had been hoped .
Economic integration , it was hoped , would lead to greater understanding , underpinned by the myriad interactions that inevitably flow from commerce . Increased interdependence would make conflict unthinkable .
In a sense , the strategy worked : a housing bubble fed a consumption boom , as savings rates plummeted to zero . The economic weaknesses were simply being postponed to some future date ; the Bush administration hoped that the day of reckoning would come after November 2008 . Instead , things began to unravel in August 2007 .
While India 's government had briefly hoped that the proof might enable Pakistan 's weak civilian government to rein in the malign elements in its society , the Pakistani authorities ' reaction has been one of denial .
Several large government-funded trials are ongoing , and it is hoped that these will improve the scientific basis for decision-making within the next few years .
Through the strategic deployment of Mecca , it is hoped that the region 's radicals -- Iraqi Shi'a , Hamas , Hezbollah , the Taliban , and the Iranians -- will undergo a kind of `` healing '' as they gain access to Islam 's holiest sites .
Although bilateral tensions began to build from 1998 onward , due to the Taliban 's refusal to turn over Osama bin Laden to Saudi Arabia -LRB- his homeland -RRB- , the Kingdom still hoped that petro-dollar diplomacy might solve this problem .
