Hence , Israel must start deciding the future boundaries of the country unilaterally , hoping for eventual negotiations at a later stage .
Now , Premier Racan is cashing in on his procrastination over Tudjman acolytes , hoping that they will be as generous with him should they return to government .
Instead of blaming the Bush administration and hoping for a change of government in the US , European members need to make NATO their own concern again .
Nothing prevents us from hoping that a fair and just peace can be achieved by then .
For the moment , administration officials are hoping that `` targeted '' sanctions aimed directly at Iran 's leadership will compel a compromise .
India granted Pakistan MFN status in 1996 , but Pakistan held back , hoping to win concessions from India on the unresolved issue of Kashmir .
Following the coup , Bhutto and Nawaz fled into exile , and were allowed back into the country only after Musharraf , hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers ' protest movement , announced that he would hold elections .
Pakistan has turned to China for economic and military help , clearly hoping for a less volatile relationship than the one that it has with America .
So it seems that the Cubans are hoping to find resources elsewhere , and the only possibility , as remote as it seems , is the Inter-American Development Bank .
So it seems that the government 's only option is to continue the war , hoping that its longer-term effort to strengthen state institutions ' capacity and integrity will eventually prove effective .
The other type takes the carcass of history , throws it into the pot , turns up the heat , and boils it down , hoping that the bones will yield lessons and suggest principles to guide our civilization 's voters , bureaucrats , and politicians as they slouch toward utopia .
They are hoping that Americans will forget all the cocksure predictions of a military walkover and cheering crowds lobbing flowers at US and British troops .
Or perhaps we are hoping that the `` we '' whose interests are taken into account when important decisions are made will not be the `` we '' who are among the big losers .
But a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution , and that quarter of my brain can not see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump .
Fortunately , a wary press corps , powerful governments , and nervous competitors watch its every move , hoping the company to fight its many temptations .
Chinese foreign policy also prioritized legitimacy after 1989 , with the regime hoping to reassert its authority globally by expanding China 's participation in international organizations .
But worse still , in troubled times conventional Euro-politicians instinctively reach for consensus , cohabitation , and coziness . So now the mainstream is re-thinking its policies , aping or assimilating the extremists , hoping to emasculate them by embracing them in government , or luring their votes by imitating their agenda .
Clearly , whoever was responsible for the decision to take the British Marines prisoner was hoping to rekindle some of the fervor of the 1979 revolution , and use that to force the rest of the leadership into a confrontation with Britain and America .
Indeed , militant Islamists , hoping to recover from the devastating blows they have absorbed since the war on terror began , are already positioning themselves to capitalize on the coming war with Iraq .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
The Fund is also hoping to establish a new `` Global Stabilization Mechanism '' to provide credit lines to regional groupings -LRB- like the EU -RRB- .
The party came to a crashing halt in 2009 , when two sharp-elbowed global investment banks accelerated loan repayments -- hoping to get their money back .
As for the threat from the right , anyone hoping for peace in the region and reduced tensions within India between religious communities is relieved by the defeat of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- .
Indeed , anybody hoping for an obvious clash of left and right during the recent presidential election campaign was bound to be disappointed , because the answer to the second question is even more emphatic today : President Putin 's re-election was never in doubt .
Russians who are dissatisfied with the system still have a limited choice : either support marginal , weak , and discredited oppositional candidates , or , hoping for modernization from the top , side with the very system they oppose .
As harsh Israeli actions fail to deter Palestinians , Israel seems to raise the stakes , hoping that even harsher , more inhuman acts might bring the Palestinians to heel .
Palestinians made one compromise after another , hoping that partial agreements would lead to statehood .
Most Israelis -- even those hoping to see , in their lifetime , an independent and prosperous Palestine -- agree that the attack on Hamas was necessary .
Leave Afghanistan to the Taliban , hoping against hope that they will become better-behaved global citizens , and what is the effect likely to be on Pakistan ?
In preparation , he has replaced senior generals in the Pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to him , evidently hoping that this will ensure the military 's loyalty even after he removes himself from the chain of command .
Portugal has announced a major austerity package , hoping for the same effect .
The European Commission , hoping to speed things up , published a White Paper on financial services policy covering 2005-2010 .
We keep hoping that somehow meetings of heads of state will magically produce the policies that will rebalance world trade .
Preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean-Marie Le Pen 's `` fascistoid '' National Front for the past 20 years .
If Tunisia 's Zine El Abidine Ben Ali or Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak were hoping for political popularity as a reward for economic gains , they must have been sorely disappointed .
He and his wife had started ripping out all the walls , plumbing , and wiring in their modest Washington apartment , hoping to refurbish it prior to the arrival of their first child .
With such resistance to change , it is no wonder that so many political leaders try to lull their subjects to sleep , hoping that when everyone wakes up , it will all have proven a dream .
But the two biggest policy players in the eurozone -- the European Central Bank and the German government -- want no part of that agenda , hoping that a quarter of good GDP data makes a trend .
Obama administration officials had been hoping that bilateral cooperation to tackle this common threat might deepen the US-China partnership in the same way that the common Soviet threat brought Nixon and Mao together in 1972 .
Yet since our own vote makes such a tiny contribution to the outcome , each of us still faces the temptation to get a free ride , not bothering to vote while hoping that enough other people will vote to keep democracy robust and to elect a government that is responsive to the views of a majority of citizens .
This is what they want to happen in Egypt , hoping that democracy will not jeopardize Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel .
Waiting and hoping for more favorable conditions could easily backfire .
Those hoping for large deficit reductions will be sorely disappointed , as the economic slowdown will push down tax revenues and increase demands for unemployment insurance and other social benefits .
The Bush administration is hoping , somehow , to forestall a wave of foreclosures -- thereby passing the economy 's problems on to the next president , just as it is doing with the Iraq quagmire .
Israel , like Turkey and the US , must be hoping that Turkmenistan 's new rulers will seek to diversify gas distribution by adopting a project to build a gas pipeline beneath the Caspian Sea .
Finally , Kirchner promises to continue the Duhalde government 's do-nothing policies , hoping to keep his heterogeneous political base intact .
