This indicates that the US will not back Musharraf in any confrontation between him and Pakistan 's democratic forces . Most Pakistanis hope so .
Similarly , evidence drawn from surveys about well being indicates that Americans are much less bothered by inequality than Europeans .
In the long run , however , statistical analysis of various oil industry variables indicates that a weaker dollar affects supply by reducing production , regardless of whether oil is owned and produced by national or international oil companies .
But any examination of the protesters ' slogans and demands clearly indicates otherwise .
But , by delivering exports directly to Germany , Russia will be able to cut off gas to Ukraine , Poland , and the Baltic states without directly affecting West European supplies -- and Russia 's recent behavior indicates that this is a real threat .
In the case of sharks and rays , a recent survey indicates that close to one-third of the 64 ocean-living species are on the verge of extinction .
Though they are not half-brothers , this frequent , if mistaken reference , indicates their closeness .
A large body of empirical evidence indicates that corporate governance and investor protection are better in countries that are more advanced in their economic and political development .
Still , our evidence indicates that , on average , a high CEO pay slice may signal governance problems that might not otherwise be readily visible .
Neither the Soviet experience in Afghanistan in the 1980 's nor NATO 's today vindicates the claim that troop numbers are what matter most on the modern battlefield .
Grading Obamanomics PALO ALTO -- It is still too soon to gauge the full economic impact of President Barack Obama 's implemented and proposed policies , but a preliminary read indicates limited short-term benefit at large long-term cost .
There are price freezes on certain subsidized goods and services , and rising inflation makes these subsidies even more expensive for the government . Indeed , the government indicates that it may begin rationing gasoline .
But it also indicates recognition that Iran 's effort to extend its regional influence poses the single biggest challenge to the Middle East 's long-term stability .
A recent poll by the University of Maryland indicates that a large majority of Arabs in the region consider Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad one of the three most popular political leaders worldwide .
China 's March trade deficit indicates , first of all , that it is incorrect to claim that Chinese economic growth depends mainly on exports .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
Iraq is a disaster , and nothing indicates that the situation can be turned around .
On the one hand , there is strong evidence that schizophrenia has a biological basis , because it runs in families , which indicates a genetic component .
Patients ' informed consent usually does not provide a clear description of a non-inferiority trial , and the lack of added value indicates that in many cases the development of a new drug is driven by commercial aims rather than patients ' needs .
Unfortunately , recent research indicates that expanded krill fishing might put the Antarctic ecosystem at risk .
This indicates that services are not simply responding to domestic demand -LRB- which would be higher in China -RRB- , but also to export opportunities .
`` Bird flu '' has already shown that it can jump from fowl to humans , and now even to cats , which indicates that it might be the next global killer .
In fact , there is a large body of literature that indicates that even countries in the aftermath of internal conflict can reach a higher level of compliance with these standards .
However , a retrospective study of abnormal prion protein accumulation in appendix and tonsil samples from over 12,600 people in the UK has yielded three more cases , which suggests that the level of BSE infection in the UK population is much higher than the actual number of confirmed variant CJD cases indicates .
The course of the electoral struggle so far indicates that the Liberal Democrats will do very well .
Insistence on such policies at a time when the US and most of the rest of the rich world are following virtually the opposite economic strategy indicates the need for fundamental rethinking of what actually generates growth and development .
The history of the Islamic Republic indicates that the power struggle between the Supreme Leader and the president never abates .
The latest anecdotal evidence from the US indicates that the economy is taking a sharp downward turn , which should become manifest in the coming months .
On the contrary , the quick international acceptance of the euro as one of the world 's premier currencies , aided by the European Central Bank 's determination to keep inflation under control , indicates that the monetary project is going full steam ahead .
The escalating spiral of violence by Israel and Gazan militants indicates not only that deterrence is failing , but also that its effectiveness depends on adherence to fundamental standards of morality .
Though Putin barely implied that the dog 's superiority indicates Russia 's domination over the US , his remark appears to be in line with his general message : do n't you ever dare to doubt our high status .
However , the only scientific study showing any such thing indicates that four polar bears drowned because of a storm .
A study commissioned by the Rome-based International Fund for Agricultural Development indicates that more than 30 million individuals living outside their countries of origin contribute more than $ 40 billion annually in remittances to their families and communities back home .
But my experiment indicates that even when voting is limited to these six officials , the policy decisions taken between January 1999 and December 2001 are consistent with outcomes based on differences in regional inflation .
This indicates that for every 100,000 individuals suffering a heart attack or death from heart disease each year , 19,000 of these would be prevented if the average trans fat intake were reduced by approximately 40 calories\/day .
Talk of a new , Europe-friendly constitution indicates that they might even be willing to give up what , along with the Deutschmark , was the old Federal Republic 's most prized possession : the Basic Law , arguably the world 's most successful constitution during the last half-century .
The head of state has extensive powers , which alone indicates that Medvedev will be a strong president .
But , charges of corruption aside , this outcome indicates that gas is not such an easy source of hard economic power as it would first appear .
But , as the Ukraine episode indicates , pipelines dedicated to a single country may be less reliable than those that run through several countries .
A recent poll indicates that one-third of Americans believe that China will `` soon dominate the world , '' while 54 % see its emergence as a `` threat to world peace . ''
Russia indicates that it is willing to provide such fuel services .
Ireland is the only country to put the Treaty to a referendum -- all the other member states have chosen to ratify the Treaty by parliamentary means -- and everything indicates that the result will be close .
It seems clear that a second rejection of the Lisbon Treaty by the Irish electorate would plunge the EU into a renewed crisis and threaten to derail the considerable gains in both democratic legitimacy and collective decision-making capacity deriving from the new Treaty . Everything indicates that voters now look set to approve the Treaty .
But a clear-headed analysis of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's behavior indicates that EU sanctions would lead to more trade diversion , with China , Russia , Turkey , or Dubai benefiting from reduced levels of European exports to Iran .
The fact that virtually all US maize and soybean farmers , and all papaya farmers , use GM seed indicates that it is good business for them .
Unfortunately , it also indicates how ambitious and challenging a task it is to reform the international monetary order .
A report from the National Assembly Defense Commission indicates that 50 % of the population possesses arms legally or illegally .
The logo on the Bulletin 's cover is a clock , the proximity of whose hands to midnight indicates the editors ' judgment of the precariousness of the world situation .
That lesson , handed down along with the judgment against Videla , vindicates efforts to establish a global rule of law .
It also indicates the dead-end to which the ideological politics of the US , Iran , and Saudi Arabia has led . Although the Doha agreement papers over serious political and institutional contradictions , it reinforces the emergence of a pragmatic approach toward managing the region 's crises .
In Colombia , everything indicates that President Álvaro Uribe , erroneously labeled a rightist because of his fight against his country 's guerrillas , will be re-elected .
They could just as easily take the high road : much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run .
A study by the National Association of Realtors -LRB- NAR -RRB- indicates that 13 % of all homes purchased in the United States in 2004 were vacation homes .
Even so , the 2003 survey indicates that US homebuyers are not as confident of real estate prices now as before the 1980 's bubble burst .
The choice to save the banks from the financial consequences of their own errors indicates a shift in values away from belief in the wisdom of the market .
Last year , a scientific panel to the European Union concluded that the preponderance of the evidence indicates that fish do feel pain .
One controversial law that did go ahead recently -- and that indicates how willing the government is to take tough measures that it believes will maximize overall happiness -- is a ban on the sale of tobacco .
As the account includes international payments for both trade in goods and financial claims , a deficit in a country 's Target account indicates foreign borrowing via the ECB , whereas a surplus denotes foreign lending via the ECB .
Considerable evidence indicates that integration could be beneficial for Africa as well , given a framework suitable for African conditions .
The fact that this package failed to bring relief indicates that something is fundamentally wrong with the international financial system .
But the effect of a new round of QE on interest rates could be small and limited to an announcement effect , as the Fed 's own research indicates .
Right before the Fed acted , the Reserve Bank of India raised its benchmark short-term interest rate by 25 basis points , to 6.25 % , to fight inflation , and China 's central bank now indicates that it might raise interest rates further .
The weight of evidence indicates that the cost of undoing the mistake of pushing unemployment down too far is itself very low , at least for countries like the US , where the relationship has been carefully studied .
So its failure to press the United States to redress the mortgage-market vulnerabilities that precipitated the current financial crisis indicates that much remains to be done .
A recent study by Michael Lokshin and Ruslan Yemtsov from the World Bank , `` Who Bears the Cost of the Russian Military Draft , '' indicates that the burden of conscription falls disproportionately on poor , low-educated , and rural households .
Omar Suleiman 's appointment as Vice-President -LRB- and heir-apparent -RRB- indicates that the army has accepted that Mubarak must leave sooner or later .
Likewise , loose or quirky thinking that is not now a disorder but indicates an increased risk of developing a psychotic disorder would be classified as a `` psychotic risk disorder . ''
As Paul Collier of Oxford University has pointed out , the preponderance of dictatorships and autocratic kingdoms in the ranks of the largest oil exporters indicates that where these huge economic rents exist , pressures are created against economic diversification and democratization .
Perhaps the most shattering lost illusion is the fact that the bombings occurred in the heart of the al-Saud 's home-base in the Najdi region , which indicates that the enemy within resides nearer to the throne than anyone suspected .
The enormous effort expended to bring the Protocol into force nonetheless indicates how much work will be required to produce the next treaty , due to be agreed in Copenhagen in December 2009 .
Renewed Hope for Renewable Energy VIENNA -- A decade ago , renewable energy was viewed as an unwelcome offspring of fossil fuels , but the recent establishment of the International Renewable Energy Agency -LRB- IRENA -RRB- indicates that governments worldwide are taking `` renewables '' seriously .
To be sure , China has accumulated an enormous balance-of-payments surplus , which indicates that the renminbi is greatly undervalued .
