But , as countries like Egypt , Syria , and Lybia might be indicating , hereditary succession is not an inherently reactionary move .
True , Hamas has been indicating recently a readiness to contemplate a solution based on the 1967 borders , but it is doubtful that its leaders and members could live with the betrayal of the refugees .
Nor is it improbable that a protracted war in Libya would end by vindicating the warning of the region 's authoritarian rulers that the Arab Awakening is but a prelude to chaos .
They use a scale of one to five , with one representing an optimal level of human rights and five indicating conditions of general terror .
And , if Obama comes close to indicating he may have one , he has yet to spell it out .
Instead of vindicating Pinochet and appealing to traditional Catholic values , Piñera offered a centrist vision of change that included more rights for homosexuals and an emphasis on social issues -LRB- in a country that , even after 25 years of strong growth , remains very unequal -RRB- .
Recent years have seen an explosion of activities indicating that Twitter has become the coordinating platform for many campaigns asserting citizens ' rights .
However , abnormal prion protein was detected in the recipient 's lymphoid tissues , indicating transmission of infection from an asymptomatic individual .
It is getting tough in its territorial disputes with Japan in the East China Sea ; it is becoming assertive in the South China Sea with its neighbors , also over disputed islands ; it put its own stealth fighter on display during the US defense secretary 's visit to China ; it is sending its first aircraft carrier out to sea for trials , indicating the possibility of establishing naval bases in the Indian Ocean .
In fact , my party 's support has been growing , with opinion polls now indicating that it is the second most popular in the frontier province -- and gaining ground in every other province .
Indeed , while the previous Bush administration led the global opposition to harm reduction , the US delegation struck a more conciliatory tone at the Vienna summit , indicating what some perceive as a fresh start to drug policy .
Though second-quarter GDP growth was weak -- the euro-zone average was only 0.3 % year on year -- third-quarter data are indicating a sustained economic pick-up in the second half of the year .
One particular worry is that euro-zone money supply is well above the ECB 's benchmark level , indicating an excess supply of liquidity .
Inflationary expectations , as measured by the rates on certain market instruments , actually fell after the hike , indicating increased confidence that the ECB will keep a lid on price pressures .
Surveys indicate that business confidence is up throughout the euro-zone economy , indicating that a domestic investment boom may be around the corner .
But it is nonetheless real progress , indicating the growing influence of the Chinese media and pointing to China 's becoming a country of `` free expression '' .
During the same period , US emissions grew 29 % , but its GDP grew 39 % more than Denmark 's , indicating a simple truth : CO2 cuts and subsidies do n't necessarily mean no growth , but they probably do mean slower growth .
The outlook for 2006 was also bullish , with preliminary data for the first quarter indicating that FDI flows had already reached US$ 14 billion , up from US$ 7.4 billion in the year-earlier period .
Kurds had the highest perception of control and optimism , with 19 % indicating the highest level of control over their lives and 17 % the greatest degree of hope in the future .
Even so , the scale and brazenness of the fraud were unprecedented , indicating Obasanjo 's desperation .
Turkey believed that by signing protocols with Armenia and clearly indicating its readiness to open the border , the Armenians could somehow be cajoled or pressured into resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh problem more quickly or cede territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh .
Visa applications are increasing , indicating preparations for limited or prolonged sojourns abroad .
The volunteers were East Timor , Ghana , Mozambique , and Sierra Leone , with other important resource-rich countries indicating that they may follow .
With public opinion polls indicating that the AKP 's draft constitution , prepared by an academic committee , would be accepted through normal democratic procedures , the Chief Prosecutor acted to uphold the type of secularism enshrined in the 1982 Constitution , which many commentators liken to French secularism .
Here , too , the data are contradictory or preliminary , with some indicating a decrease in suicide accompanying the increase in use of antidepressants .
A second example : it has been known since antiquity that normal people who recently experienced a significant loss -- especially of a loved one -- can have the same symptoms -LRB- e.g. , sadness , insomnia , fatigue , loss of interest in usual activities , lessened appetite -RRB- as those indicating major depressive disorder .
If we use what is called the `` Gini coefficient '' to measure this income gap , with `` 0 '' indicating perfect equality of income distribution and `` 1 '' meaning perfect inequality , the number for China is 0.454 in 2002 .
After a decade of hemorrhaging capital , the first half of this year saw data indicating that Russians who had taken their money out of the country were bringing it back to invest at home .
Credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- of major southern European banks trade slightly lower than the CDS of their sovereign states , indicating that the market does not perceive the latter as able to support the former .
