This indicates that the US will not back Musharraf in any confrontation between him and Pakistan 's democratic forces . Most Pakistanis hope so .
The saving rates among Europe 's old people indicate that they are worried about the dwindling number of workers who can be taxed to support them .
Similarly , evidence drawn from surveys about well being indicates that Americans are much less bothered by inequality than Europeans .
Recent developments indicate that North Korea 's nuclear threat is becoming more serious by the day .
In the long run , however , statistical analysis of various oil industry variables indicates that a weaker dollar affects supply by reducing production , regardless of whether oil is owned and produced by national or international oil companies .
But any examination of the protesters ' slogans and demands clearly indicates otherwise .
But , by delivering exports directly to Germany , Russia will be able to cut off gas to Ukraine , Poland , and the Baltic states without directly affecting West European supplies -- and Russia 's recent behavior indicates that this is a real threat .
Yet signs from Libya 's East , now a `` Qaddafi-free '' zone , indicate otherwise .
In the case of sharks and rays , a recent survey indicates that close to one-third of the 64 ocean-living species are on the verge of extinction .
Despite the increasingly desperate violence , there is nothing to indicate that Mexico 's political class is even prepared to consider the sixth option .
On the other hand , Hamas 's history and current behavior clearly indicate that it regards elections as merely a political tool , and that it is devoid of any commitment to the norms and values underlying democracy .
But public opinion -- volatile and angry -- calls for both to resign : a public-opinion poll conducted after the Commission published its report indicated that only 14 % of Israelis believe that Olmert should keep his job , while less than 11 % support Peretz .
Estimates from the European Commission indicate that the dollar 's share in world trade fell from 56 % in 1980 to 52 % in 1995 -LRB- the latest year for which statistics are available -RRB- .
Although recent reports published in 2006 by the European Union 's Monitoring Center on Racism and Xenophobia and the Council of Europe 's Human Rights Commissioner note some improvements , they indicate Roma living conditions have stagnated , if not deteriorated .
Without political reform , the long-run viability of such a system is in doubt . Premier Wen himself indicated as much in a speech in August that was widely noted abroad , but largely blacked out in Chinese media .
Though they are not half-brothers , this frequent , if mistaken reference , indicates their closeness .
The use of aspirin in young children is contraindicated , owing to the risk of Reye 's syndrome , a rare but serious complication .
A large body of empirical evidence indicates that corporate governance and investor protection are better in countries that are more advanced in their economic and political development .
But does n't the banks ' ability to raise new equity capital indicate that , regardless of whether the stress tests are reliable , investors believe that their assets ' value does significantly exceed their liabilities ?
Figures recently released by New York 's attorney general , Andrew Cuomo , indicate that nine large financial firms paid their employees aggregate compensation exceeding $ 600 billion in 2003-2008 -- a period in which their aggregate market capitalization substantially declined .
Still , our evidence indicates that , on average , a high CEO pay slice may signal governance problems that might not otherwise be readily visible .
The current Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and the American veto on negotiations with Syria indicate that we have returned to the `` Palestine first '' concept .
If it is driven by a Western guilt complex that assumes that the solution simply lies in greater empathy for the Muslim predicament , then the skeptics are bound to be vindicated .
Neither the Soviet experience in Afghanistan in the 1980 's nor NATO 's today vindicates the claim that troop numbers are what matter most on the modern battlefield .
The Iraq war and Israel 's wars with Hamas and Hezbollah show the limits of what military power can achieve , as well as vindicate diplomacy and conflict resolution .
And he still has time to vindicate Woodrow Wilson 's belief that a `` president can be just as big a man as he chooses to be . ''
King Muhammad VI of Morocco has already indicated that the Crown would consider a `` historic compromise '' with the Islamists should they , as predicted , win the elections in June 2007 .
Indeed , Saudi Arabia views political empowerment of Iraq 's Shia majority as a calamity of historic proportions , a view vindicated by Iraq 's outspoken support of Iranian designs in the Gulf .
Abbas 's refusal to recognize Israel as a Jewish state -- on the ground that to do so would betray Israel 's 1.5 million Palestinian citizens -- vindicated a key Israeli concern , and fueled skeptics ' fears of a hidden long-term Palestinian agenda to do away with the Jewish state altogether .
Hamas believes that the deal vindicated the teachings of Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nassrallah , who has defined Israel as nothing but a `` spider 's web '' that can be destroyed with the whisper of a sword .
Finally , and just as importantly , governments must indicate that , if conditions deteriorate , further fiscal expansion will be implemented .
Grading Obamanomics PALO ALTO -- It is still too soon to gauge the full economic impact of President Barack Obama 's implemented and proposed policies , but a preliminary read indicates limited short-term benefit at large long-term cost .
The judiciary rejected calls for a full recount , though they did examine roughly 9 % of the ballots before ruling that the review indicated no challenge to the election 's outcome .
There are price freezes on certain subsidized goods and services , and rising inflation makes these subsidies even more expensive for the government . Indeed , the government indicates that it may begin rationing gasoline .
But it also indicates recognition that Iran 's effort to extend its regional influence poses the single biggest challenge to the Middle East 's long-term stability .
Belgium will be serving on the United Nations Security Council for the next two years , and has indicated that it wants to give its mandate a European dimension .
A recent poll by the University of Maryland indicates that a large majority of Arabs in the region consider Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad one of the three most popular political leaders worldwide .
The dynamic that has brought Pakistan-US relations to this point arguably began on December 1 , 2009 , when President Barack Obama , announcing a surge in the number of US troops in Afghanistan , also indicated his intention to start pulling back American troops beginning in July 2011 -- a pledge that he reiterated two months ago .
The British ban , as well as the impending court case , has actually made Wilders more popular in the Netherlands , where one poll indicated that his populist anti-Muslim party , the PVV , would get 27 seats in parliament if elections were held today .
Our projections indicate that in 20 years they will account for more than half the population and 75 % of the poor .
His advisors also indicate that they will seek to incorporate social provisions , like labor standards , into future international trade negotiations .
Finally , conversations with a few Obama advisors and his own speeches indicate that Washington 's number one security concern in the coming years will be Afghanistan and Pakistan .
A few days after Wen 's interview , while commenting on recent developments in Taiwan with Premier Wen at his side , US President George W. Bush said that America opposed `` any unilateral decision to change the status quo , and the comments and actions made by the leader of Taiwan indicate that he may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo , which we oppose . ''
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
Clinical trials indicate significant pain relief for advanced cancer and AIDS patients .
For example , the European Union has agreed to a climate and energy package with which it will be able to reach its target of a 20 % emission reduction over 1990 levels by 2020 -LRB- 30 % if other industrialized countries follow suit . within the United States , President Barack Obama has indicated his intention to achieve an 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , and to return US emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
A number of developing countries , such as China , India , Brazil , and South Africa , have already developed national climate change or energy strategies that indicate the extent to which they feel that they are able , given their economic constraints , to address the issue .
If simply leading the world in output is the goal , the Chairman 's vision has been resoundingly vindicated .
Early results for the first four months of 2010 for the OECD countries , collected by the International Energy Agency indicate that so far the 2010 results are as low or lower than during the last year .
Current projections indicate that uranium shortages in the coming years can be avoided only if existing and new uranium mines operate according to plan .
These numbers indicate that the EU , currently producing about 1\/3 of the world 's nuclear electric energy , is heading for a reduction in nuclear-energy production of up to 20 % over the coming 10 years .
Molecular typing of the isolates indicated that 85 % were clonally related , implying epidemic transmission of XDR strains , most likely in HIV clinics and hospital wards .
The numbers indicate how touchy the situation was before the terrorists struck .
To be sure , they merely indicated interest ; they did not send money .
Although recent reports of the International Working Group of sovereign funds have indicated the difficulties in applying uniform governance standards , several measures are needed in order to bring Libya back to global capital markets .
Where realistic debt-restructuring scenarios indicate capital shortfalls , across-the-board conversion of bank debt into equity will be necessary .
But the French have not indicated that they will push for sanctions against chronic surplus countries that fail to adjust their currencies .
But Draghi has indicated that he is reluctant to see the ECB become a lender to governments .
China 's March trade deficit indicates , first of all , that it is incorrect to claim that Chinese economic growth depends mainly on exports .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
Yet it may also indicate that America 's political elites are in the process of facing up to new realities and adjusting their view of China accordingly .
Scientific evidence appears to indicate that the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere from the burning of fossil fuels -LRB- primarily coal , oil , and natural gas -RRB- -- mainly in electricity production , transportation , and various industrial processes -- contributes to gradual global warming , with long-term adverse effects on living conditions around the world .
Those two years would also indicate whether Italian banks are in better shape than many now fear .
Previous reactions to declines in household wealth indicate that such a fall will cut consumer spending by about $ 500 billion every year until wealth is restored .
But his final visit to Israel seems to indicate that his objective is different : he seems to be planning , together with Israel , to end the Iranian nuclear program -- and to do so by military , rather than diplomatic , means .
Iranian spokesmen also indicate that there is an official awareness of Israel 's importance for a comprehensive regional solution , and that doing business with Israel is no longer inconceivable .
Iraq is a disaster , and nothing indicates that the situation can be turned around .
Since they are being identified in normal individuals , CNVs may not necessarily be a direct cause of human disease , but many may confer susceptibility to certain diseases , serve as disease markers , and\/or indicate potential regions of genomic instability .
On the one hand , there is strong evidence that schizophrenia has a biological basis , because it runs in families , which indicates a genetic component .
Patients ' informed consent usually does not provide a clear description of a non-inferiority trial , and the lack of added value indicates that in many cases the development of a new drug is driven by commercial aims rather than patients ' needs .
Unfortunately , recent research indicates that expanded krill fishing might put the Antarctic ecosystem at risk .
Yet lessons learned in dealing with exotic species , combined with recent mathematical models of the evolutionary dynamics of tumors , indicate that eradicating most cancers may be impossible . Trying to do so , moreover , could worsen the problem .
This indicates that services are not simply responding to domestic demand -LRB- which would be higher in China -RRB- , but also to export opportunities .
He specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery .
Notions such as `` wooden structure '' and `` beauty '' were indicated by symbols which , when combined , could create a new concept , such as `` form . ''
Or it could indicate the reliability of data based on whether it was laid out neatly or had a scrambled appearance , so it could be assessed at a glance .
`` Bird flu '' has already shown that it can jump from fowl to humans , and now even to cats , which indicates that it might be the next global killer .
But there are other trends indicated by pornographic content that are useful to spies .
In fact , porn is so specifically tuned to the tastes of consumers that shifts can indicate changes in a society almost immediately .
Our efforts 25 years ago can be vindicated only when the Bomb ends up beside the slave trader 's manacles and the Great War 's mustard gas in the museum of bygone savagery .
Opinion polls indicate a good deal of support among the American public for the UN . But there is also intense distrust of the UN among segments of the public and with certain elites .
In fact , there is a large body of literature that indicates that even countries in the aftermath of internal conflict can reach a higher level of compliance with these standards .
Such conditions indicated that something was wrong with the individual , not with his environment .
Subsequent epidemiological studies in the NCJDSU indicate that individuals with variant CJD are likely to have consumed more meat products than control patients , further supporting a link between these disorders .
Moreover , epidemiological studies indicated that BSE was likely to have been transmitted to cattle -LRB- and other species -RRB- by meat-and-bone-meal animal feed produced by UK rendering plants and exported to many countries .
However , a retrospective study of abnormal prion protein accumulation in appendix and tonsil samples from over 12,600 people in the UK has yielded three more cases , which suggests that the level of BSE infection in the UK population is much higher than the actual number of confirmed variant CJD cases indicates .
Putin 's vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US .
The course of the electoral struggle so far indicates that the Liberal Democrats will do very well .
Indeed , one characteristic sign of economic vitality is the frequency of bankruptcy , for business failures indicate a willingness to gamble and take risks on innovation .
Does this sudden outbreak of the long-desired bipartisan consensus indicate that a new , stronger America is just around the corner ?
His concerns appear to have been vindicated by the 20-minute shutdown of trading in New York on May 6 , when the stock market completely failed in its most basic function : price discovery between buyers and sellers .
Projections for 2004 indicate that faster growth is likely to continue , or even accelerate further , for the next two or three years .
Moreover , there is nothing to indicate that the government aid proposed in the budget will reach those who need it with any more efficiency than the dismal record so far .
At the same time , he indicated his intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among Asian nations , founded on `` the Japan-US alliance for the world and for Asia . ''
More is at stake than maritime interests . With a revision of Japan 's National Defense Program expected by year 's end , the prime minister 's Council on Security and Defense Capabilities has indicated a need to respond to China 's military expansion , particularly its buildup of armed forces .
Moreover , the National Security Council has indicated the need to introduce a new plan for multi-functional flexible defense forces .
Insistence on such policies at a time when the US and most of the rest of the rich world are following virtually the opposite economic strategy indicates the need for fundamental rethinking of what actually generates growth and development .
The history of the Islamic Republic indicates that the power struggle between the Supreme Leader and the president never abates .
In my visit last month , the wall was adorned by a large map of Karnataka festooned with colored pins , to indicate that he now served most district capitals in the remotest parts of the state .
The Kremlin recently ran on its TV channels documentaries savaging Luzhkov , and Medvedev has indicated that it 's high time for the mayor to retire .
Whether true or not , such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence .
A hike , in other words , would indicate that good things are happening .
Surveys indicate that business confidence is up throughout the euro-zone economy , indicating that a domestic investment boom may be around the corner .
The latest anecdotal evidence from the US indicates that the economy is taking a sharp downward turn , which should become manifest in the coming months .
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet indicated at his July press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on August 3 , not August 31 , as expected . This implies an interval of two months between interest-rate moves instead of the three-month interval that has become standard ECB practice in the current interest-rate cycle .
On the contrary , the quick international acceptance of the euro as one of the world 's premier currencies , aided by the European Central Bank 's determination to keep inflation under control , indicates that the monetary project is going full steam ahead .
The ECB had indicated in August that it would raise rates in September but backed down when the financial crisis continued unabated .
Although Asia seems to lack Europe 's cultural core , there are core ethical constants that have long governed Asian societies and indicate common ethical foundations .
Opinion polls conducted in Gaza by the Near East Consulting Group in late November 2007 indicated 74 % popular support for a peace agreement with Israel . Only 15 % would vote for Hamas MP 's or a Hamas presidential candidate , compared to 55 % for Fatah candidates .
The escalating spiral of violence by Israel and Gazan militants indicates not only that deterrence is failing , but also that its effectiveness depends on adherence to fundamental standards of morality .
Hamas has the power to stymie the vote and has indicated that it would do so .
Studies indicate that 40 % of all patients fall short of the diagnoses that doctors and psychiatrists give them , yet 200 million prescriptions are still written annually in the US to treat depression and anxiety .
Efforts to eradicate coca plantations have achieved the bare minimum , and increasingly frequent seizures of cocaine and coca paste originating in Peru indicate that trafficking activities are relocating to Bolivia , thus bringing more illicit money and more organized -- and violent -- criminal groups .
Though Putin barely implied that the dog 's superiority indicates Russia 's domination over the US , his remark appears to be in line with his general message : do n't you ever dare to doubt our high status .
Russian leaders ' high ratings do not , however , indicate a rational preference for the incumbents over potential contenders ; with political competition in Russia eviscerated , comparison and choice are not part of the political left .
Polls routinely indicate that more than 80 % of Russians believe that they can make no difference in national or even regional affairs .
Currently , all eyes in China are on Hong Kong 's upcoming legislative election on September 12 , which will indicate to Hong Kong 's government and to China 's leaders what people think about the pace and direction of reform .
However , the only scientific study showing any such thing indicates that four polar bears drowned because of a storm .
With a cap-and-trade system , the costs -- in terms of jobs , household consumption , and economic growth -- are hidden , shifted around , and not easy to estimate , though models indicate they will run into trillions of dollars .
This is what the United Nations climate panel is telling us ; the best models indicate a sea-level rise over this century of 18 to 59 centimeters -LRB- 7-24 inches -RRB- , with the typical estimate at 30 centimeters -LRB- one foot -RRB- .
But global agricultural\/economic models indicate that even under the most pessimistic assumptions , global warming would reduce agricultural production by just 1.4 % by the end of the century .
According to Anderson , `` In contrast to the great religions of the Near East ... the religion of wayang has no prophet , no message , no Bible , no Redeemer ... The endless variety and sharp individuality of its dramatis personae indicate that wayang reflects the variegation of human life as it is felt by the Javanese ... ''
A study commissioned by the Rome-based International Fund for Agricultural Development indicates that more than 30 million individuals living outside their countries of origin contribute more than $ 40 billion annually in remittances to their families and communities back home .
Still , despite all these costly measures paid for by Africans , all the post-evaluation reports on completed projects indicated that the overwhelming majority of projects were unable to generate the revenues needed to service the debts that financed them .
Thus , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- can not rely on observed domestic money growth or interest rates to indicate whether monetary policy is too tight or too loose .
The results indicate that the ECB 's monetary policy decisions are consistent with the regional bias hypothesis .
But my experiment indicates that even when voting is limited to these six officials , the policy decisions taken between January 1999 and December 2001 are consistent with outcomes based on differences in regional inflation .
The European Central Bank has indicated that the Pact 's collapse could force up Euroland interest rates .
This is what the term `` politics of memory '' is meant to indicate .
Two Australian Football League teams have hinted that they are looking into tests that would indicate an athlete 's likely height , stamina , speed , and strength .
We asked respondents to indicate how much control they had over their lives and how optimistic they were about the future , using a scale on which ten indicated a highly optimistic sense of control and one a deep level of powerlessness and pessimism .
All these developments subtly indicate a deep trend that can be formalized in one sentence : America 's unipolar moment , which began in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Empire , is over .
The third analogy is reflected in Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's recent references to Israel 's nuclear deterrent , which may have been a mistake , but probably indicate the evolution of Israeli strategic thinking .
This indicates that for every 100,000 individuals suffering a heart attack or death from heart disease each year , 19,000 of these would be prevented if the average trans fat intake were reduced by approximately 40 calories\/day .
Talk of a new , Europe-friendly constitution indicates that they might even be willing to give up what , along with the Deutschmark , was the old Federal Republic 's most prized possession : the Basic Law , arguably the world 's most successful constitution during the last half-century .
The head of state has extensive powers , which alone indicates that Medvedev will be a strong president .
But , charges of corruption aside , this outcome indicates that gas is not such an easy source of hard economic power as it would first appear .
But , as the Ukraine episode indicates , pipelines dedicated to a single country may be less reliable than those that run through several countries .
The Fear Factor in US-China Relations Opinion polls indicate that one-third of Americans believe that China will `` soon dominate the world , '' while nearly half view China 's emergence as a `` threat to world peace . ''
A recent poll indicates that one-third of Americans believe that China will `` soon dominate the world , '' while 54 % see its emergence as a `` threat to world peace . ''
Russia indicates that it is willing to provide such fuel services .
Even the recent death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of United States special forces does not indicate anything about American power one way or the other .
Ireland is the only country to put the Treaty to a referendum -- all the other member states have chosen to ratify the Treaty by parliamentary means -- and everything indicates that the result will be close .
Opinion polls conducted in recent weeks indicate that the Yes side commands a strong majority of 62 % to 23 % , with 15 % of the electorate undecided .
Surveys indicate that the Irish are strong supporters of EU membership and the integration process .
It seems clear that a second rejection of the Lisbon Treaty by the Irish electorate would plunge the EU into a renewed crisis and threaten to derail the considerable gains in both democratic legitimacy and collective decision-making capacity deriving from the new Treaty . Everything indicates that voters now look set to approve the Treaty .
Estimates by the International Monetary Fund and the United Nations indicate that the volume of international trade in 2010 will still be 7 % to 8 % below its 2008 peak , while many or most countries , including industrial nations , are seeking to boost their current accounts .
The failure of that effort is implicitly recognized in the guidelines , which indicate that they do not imply any new obligations under IMF surveillance .
ABUJA -- Nigeria 's legislative elections , to be followed by a presidential poll on April 16 , indicate that the ruling Peoples ' Democratic Party -LRB- PDP -RRB- has lost its near-total grip on the country 's politics .
Moreover , the European Commission has indicated that it is ready to resume talks aimed at bringing Serbia closer to the European Union as soon as a reform-oriented government is formed in Belgrade .
While the specific companies to be sold have not been announced , the government has indicated that it would sell a 25 % share of the giant potash producer Belaruskali .
Recent public opinion surveys indicate why Toledo needs such assistance : many Peruvians believe that his government is as corrupt as Fujimori 's .
Washington believes anti-drug policies will fail , to the benefit of drug dealers , if coca growers continue to identify themselves with nationalists who vindicate the leaf 's production .
Moreover , Fed policy remained constant despite rapid deterioration in America 's real economy , indicated by accelerating job losses and rising unemployment .
I was pleased to see that a large Chinese energy company , Shanghai Electric , recently indicated public support for substantial reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions .
Statements by new EU members ' leaders at the summit indicated that they were aware of such a possibility .
But a clear-headed analysis of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's behavior indicates that EU sanctions would lead to more trade diversion , with China , Russia , Turkey , or Dubai benefiting from reduced levels of European exports to Iran .
The 5 +1 , for their part , should indicate that an eventual agreement on the basis of `` minimum enrichment and maximum controls '' is possible .
The fact that virtually all US maize and soybean farmers , and all papaya farmers , use GM seed indicates that it is good business for them .
While Beijing\/Shenyang exercise should have indicated to Russian leaders that China 's intentions toward Russia may not always be benign , Russia 's political and military leadership seem not to sense any threat ; on the contrary , they continue to sell the Chinese advanced weapons .
The recent IMF\/World Bank annual meetings indicate that this is gradually being recognized , with emerging countries increasingly critical of China 's inflexibility .
Unfortunately , it also indicates how ambitious and challenging a task it is to reform the international monetary order .
Indeed , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has indicated that he will call for the dissolution of the lower house by the first week of May .
Opinion polls , for example , indicate that 50 % of Russians support the slogan `` Russia for Russians . ''
A report from the National Assembly Defense Commission indicates that 50 % of the population possesses arms legally or illegally .
Media reports indicate , for example , that nearly 25,000 US marines , soldiers , family members , and civilian employees are to descend on the tiny island of Guam in the next five years to ease the overconcentration of US forces on the Japanese island of Okinawa without pulling back too far from the flashpoints of Taiwan and North Korea .
The logo on the Bulletin 's cover is a clock , the proximity of whose hands to midnight indicates the editors ' judgment of the precariousness of the world situation .
Such instances indicate that an attitudinal change on the part of political leaders towards a more market-oriented , private-sector-friendly policy framework often plays as large a role in boosting economic growth as the scope of actual institutional reform .
In Britain , one recent poll indicated that as many as two-thirds of Conservatives want Britain to leave the European Union .
Their Euro-skepticism certainly appears to be vindicated by events .
The leading Democratic US presidential candidates have indicated their support .
And , while calculating the size of the financial sector is extremely difficult due to its opaqueness and complexity , official US statistics indicate that financial firms accounted for roughly one-third of American corporate profits in 2006 .
China 's government has clearly indicated that it will use any means necessary to backstop growth in the face of a free fall in exports .
It would indicate that there can be no true peace in Guatemala as long as the powerful are accommodated with grants of amnesty and forgetting is prized over truth and justice .
That lesson , handed down along with the judgment against Videla , vindicates efforts to establish a global rule of law .
Unless the Bush administration is vindicated in its actions -- for example , if Saddam Hussein launches weapons of mass destruction that unite the world against him , or if the US discovers hidden nuclear weapons in the Iraqi desert -- anti-American sentiments , and terrorism , unleashed by war , are likely to be massive .
It also indicates the dead-end to which the ideological politics of the US , Iran , and Saudi Arabia has led . Although the Doha agreement papers over serious political and institutional contradictions , it reinforces the emergence of a pragmatic approach toward managing the region 's crises .
In Colombia , everything indicates that President Álvaro Uribe , erroneously labeled a rightist because of his fight against his country 's guerrillas , will be re-elected .
I also propose that a precise `` road map '' toward a common foreign policy on energy be created , which would indicate short - , medium - , and long-term objectives , together with a specific timeframe for their implementation .
They could just as easily take the high road : much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run .
Their coordinated efforts to divert North Korea peacefully from its nuclear course have also vindicated bilateral cooperation when both sides can define a common security stake .
Nevertheless , given the large size of China 's armed forces , which currently stands at 2.3 million , a rough calculation would indicate that monthly spending per soldier is at most 2,500 yuan on average -- too low to recruit and retain competitive staff .
And Wen has indicated that village elections might be extended to the next highest government level -- township administrations -- over the next few years .
Two recent developments indicate the shape of things to come , although neither has attracted much notice .
A study by the National Association of Realtors -LRB- NAR -RRB- indicates that 13 % of all homes purchased in the United States in 2004 were vacation homes .
Even so , the 2003 survey indicates that US homebuyers are not as confident of real estate prices now as before the 1980 's bubble burst .
Under this interpretation , the term 's popularity is a source of concern : it may indicate a market psychology that could lead to downward volatility in prices .
The fact that charities were unprepared for such questions indicated to Karnofsky and Hassenfeld that other donors and foundations give more or less blindly , without the information needed to make sound decisions about whom to support .
This may mean that the surveys I have quoted indicate not widespread equality , but widespread hypocrisy .
But , as the recession hit , and the cost of the bailout became apparent , he indicated that he might have to postpone implementing this commitment .
The choice to save the banks from the financial consequences of their own errors indicates a shift in values away from belief in the wisdom of the market .
Last year , a scientific panel to the European Union concluded that the preponderance of the evidence indicates that fish do feel pain .
When Annan became Secretary-General , he urged the development of principles that would indicate when it is justifiable for the international community to intervene to prevent gross violations of human rights .
One controversial law that did go ahead recently -- and that indicates how willing the government is to take tough measures that it believes will maximize overall happiness -- is a ban on the sale of tobacco .
President Bush 's readiness to consult with India 's leadership on the missile defense issue at senior levels , and India 's positive -LRB- some would say enthusiastic -RRB- response , indicated the warmth and harmony of interests the new relationship had acquired .
As the account includes international payments for both trade in goods and financial claims , a deficit in a country 's Target account indicates foreign borrowing via the ECB , whereas a surplus denotes foreign lending via the ECB .
Considerable evidence indicates that integration could be beneficial for Africa as well , given a framework suitable for African conditions .
But the decisive event for the revisionists was the collapse of the Soviet empire , which not only left the United States top dog globally , but also seemed , to the more philosophically minded , to vindicate Western civilization and values against all other civilizations and values .
In 1998 , the Saint Malo Declaration by French President Jacques Chirac and British Prime Minister Tony Blair indicated both countries ' determination to reinforce the EU 's security and defense capabilities .
The fact that this package failed to bring relief indicates that something is fundamentally wrong with the international financial system .
Association Agreements , although desirable , may not be adequate , as the EU 's Balkan experiences indicate .
For example , the IMF currently has no power to impose burden-sharing , nor can it offer bankruptcy-type protection against creditor suits during debt re-organizations -LRB- United States Secretary of Treasury O'Neill recently indicated support for such a mechanism -RRB- .
Recent studies by the International Monetary Fund indicate that in most advanced countries , including the US , the growth in budget deficits was largely automatic , owing far more to declining tax revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment benefits than to stimulus spending .
But the effect of a new round of QE on interest rates could be small and limited to an announcement effect , as the Fed 's own research indicates .
Right before the Fed acted , the Reserve Bank of India raised its benchmark short-term interest rate by 25 basis points , to 6.25 % , to fight inflation , and China 's central bank now indicates that it might raise interest rates further .
As in other `` state nations , '' surveys in Ukraine indicate that common symbols have helped build elements of a common identity .
Many of the opposition groups , representing a broad spectrum of opinion -- including a traditional liberal party , the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood , and the Facebook activists of the April 6 Youth Movement -- have indicated that they might support an interim government , possibly one led by the Nobel Peace Prize winner Mohamed ElBaradei .
And key data indicate that they are at least partly right .
Under `` IMF '' theory , investors , seeing government resolve to eliminate deficits , flock to the country , economic performance recovers , and the policy is vindicated .
The weight of evidence indicates that the cost of undoing the mistake of pushing unemployment down too far is itself very low , at least for countries like the US , where the relationship has been carefully studied .
But documents that I have seen indicate that the general who commanded the division that crossed the Dadu River first told Party historians a very different story .
Moreover , the extremely sharp contraction in first-quarter GDP may indicate that the disaster 's negative impact on the economy was more significant than expected .
Her overwhelming triumph has vindicated her belief that ordinary Bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country -- one that , in contrast to Pakistan , is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor , India .
But , when answering a parliamentary question that I put to the European Commission recently , the commissioner responsible for development policy , Andris Piebalgs , indicated that the Commission would consider any request from the UK for co-financing the Chagossians ' repatriation , which the EU fully and rightly accepts as a sovereign UK matter .
Subsequent data indicate that this pattern is continuing .
This decline seems to have stopped , and the most recent data indicate that the bottom may have been reached .
So its failure to press the United States to redress the mortgage-market vulnerabilities that precipitated the current financial crisis indicates that much remains to be done .
A recent study by Michael Lokshin and Ruslan Yemtsov from the World Bank , `` Who Bears the Cost of the Russian Military Draft , '' indicates that the burden of conscription falls disproportionately on poor , low-educated , and rural households .
Estimates from other countries indicate that these additional costs may total 5 % of lifetime wages .
Some who a year ago displayed great public spirit came to feel , when in government , that they could not vindicate the supremacy of law without curtailing economic growth .
These calculations indicate that a Blueprints world with CO2 capture and storage results in the least amount of climate change , provided emissions of other major manmade greenhouse gases are similarly reduced .
Omar Suleiman 's appointment as Vice-President -LRB- and heir-apparent -RRB- indicates that the army has accepted that Mubarak must leave sooner or later .
Likewise , loose or quirky thinking that is not now a disorder but indicates an increased risk of developing a psychotic disorder would be classified as a `` psychotic risk disorder . ''
The review showed that while the published data generally indicated minimal risk , the unpublished trial data were far less sanguine , and even suggested an increased risk of serious adverse events , including suicide-related behavior .
Even though China instituted new initiatives in industrial safety at the beginning of 2003 , official estimates indicate that industrial accident deaths increased by almost 10 % last year .
There is no evidence to indicate that Burma 's leaders will respond positively to the Obama administration 's central message , which calls for releasing the estimated 2,100 political prisoners -LRB- including Daw Aung San Suu Kyi -RRB- , engaging in genuine dialogue with the opposition , and allowing fair and inclusive elections .
As Paul Collier of Oxford University has pointed out , the preponderance of dictatorships and autocratic kingdoms in the ranks of the largest oil exporters indicates that where these huge economic rents exist , pressures are created against economic diversification and democratization .
Dogs are able to follow human pointing gestures to find hidden food , and they can indicate successfully to their owners by their own pointing actions where a hidden toy is located .
None of these countries ' central banks has indicated that it was involved in depreciating its currency .
In that case , the generalized silence could indicate that all other central banks entertain the possibility of using that option , which would be most worrisome .
The continuity and strength of the demonstrations clearly indicate that the regime 's days are numbered .
Perhaps the most shattering lost illusion is the fact that the bombings occurred in the heart of the al-Saud 's home-base in the Najdi region , which indicates that the enemy within resides nearer to the throne than anyone suspected .
The enormous effort expended to bring the Protocol into force nonetheless indicates how much work will be required to produce the next treaty , due to be agreed in Copenhagen in December 2009 .
Renewed Hope for Renewable Energy VIENNA -- A decade ago , renewable energy was viewed as an unwelcome offspring of fossil fuels , but the recent establishment of the International Renewable Energy Agency -LRB- IRENA -RRB- indicates that governments worldwide are taking `` renewables '' seriously .
To be sure , China has accumulated an enormous balance-of-payments surplus , which indicates that the renminbi is greatly undervalued .
