But public opinion -- volatile and angry -- calls for both to resign : a public-opinion poll conducted after the Commission published its report indicated that only 14 % of Israelis believe that Olmert should keep his job , while less than 11 % support Peretz .
Without political reform , the long-run viability of such a system is in doubt . Premier Wen himself indicated as much in a speech in August that was widely noted abroad , but largely blacked out in Chinese media .
The use of aspirin in young children is contraindicated , owing to the risk of Reye 's syndrome , a rare but serious complication .
If it is driven by a Western guilt complex that assumes that the solution simply lies in greater empathy for the Muslim predicament , then the skeptics are bound to be vindicated .
King Muhammad VI of Morocco has already indicated that the Crown would consider a `` historic compromise '' with the Islamists should they , as predicted , win the elections in June 2007 .
Indeed , Saudi Arabia views political empowerment of Iraq 's Shia majority as a calamity of historic proportions , a view vindicated by Iraq 's outspoken support of Iranian designs in the Gulf .
Abbas 's refusal to recognize Israel as a Jewish state -- on the ground that to do so would betray Israel 's 1.5 million Palestinian citizens -- vindicated a key Israeli concern , and fueled skeptics ' fears of a hidden long-term Palestinian agenda to do away with the Jewish state altogether .
Hamas believes that the deal vindicated the teachings of Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nassrallah , who has defined Israel as nothing but a `` spider 's web '' that can be destroyed with the whisper of a sword .
The judiciary rejected calls for a full recount , though they did examine roughly 9 % of the ballots before ruling that the review indicated no challenge to the election 's outcome .
Belgium will be serving on the United Nations Security Council for the next two years , and has indicated that it wants to give its mandate a European dimension .
The dynamic that has brought Pakistan-US relations to this point arguably began on December 1 , 2009 , when President Barack Obama , announcing a surge in the number of US troops in Afghanistan , also indicated his intention to start pulling back American troops beginning in July 2011 -- a pledge that he reiterated two months ago .
The British ban , as well as the impending court case , has actually made Wilders more popular in the Netherlands , where one poll indicated that his populist anti-Muslim party , the PVV , would get 27 seats in parliament if elections were held today .
For example , the European Union has agreed to a climate and energy package with which it will be able to reach its target of a 20 % emission reduction over 1990 levels by 2020 -LRB- 30 % if other industrialized countries follow suit . within the United States , President Barack Obama has indicated his intention to achieve an 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , and to return US emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
If simply leading the world in output is the goal , the Chairman 's vision has been resoundingly vindicated .
Molecular typing of the isolates indicated that 85 % were clonally related , implying epidemic transmission of XDR strains , most likely in HIV clinics and hospital wards .
To be sure , they merely indicated interest ; they did not send money .
Although recent reports of the International Working Group of sovereign funds have indicated the difficulties in applying uniform governance standards , several measures are needed in order to bring Libya back to global capital markets .
But the French have not indicated that they will push for sanctions against chronic surplus countries that fail to adjust their currencies .
But Draghi has indicated that he is reluctant to see the ECB become a lender to governments .
He specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery .
Notions such as `` wooden structure '' and `` beauty '' were indicated by symbols which , when combined , could create a new concept , such as `` form . ''
But there are other trends indicated by pornographic content that are useful to spies .
Our efforts 25 years ago can be vindicated only when the Bomb ends up beside the slave trader 's manacles and the Great War 's mustard gas in the museum of bygone savagery .
Such conditions indicated that something was wrong with the individual , not with his environment .
Moreover , epidemiological studies indicated that BSE was likely to have been transmitted to cattle -LRB- and other species -RRB- by meat-and-bone-meal animal feed produced by UK rendering plants and exported to many countries .
Putin 's vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US .
His concerns appear to have been vindicated by the 20-minute shutdown of trading in New York on May 6 , when the stock market completely failed in its most basic function : price discovery between buyers and sellers .
At the same time , he indicated his intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among Asian nations , founded on `` the Japan-US alliance for the world and for Asia . ''
More is at stake than maritime interests . With a revision of Japan 's National Defense Program expected by year 's end , the prime minister 's Council on Security and Defense Capabilities has indicated a need to respond to China 's military expansion , particularly its buildup of armed forces .
Moreover , the National Security Council has indicated the need to introduce a new plan for multi-functional flexible defense forces .
The Kremlin recently ran on its TV channels documentaries savaging Luzhkov , and Medvedev has indicated that it 's high time for the mayor to retire .
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet indicated at his July press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on August 3 , not August 31 , as expected . This implies an interval of two months between interest-rate moves instead of the three-month interval that has become standard ECB practice in the current interest-rate cycle .
The ECB had indicated in August that it would raise rates in September but backed down when the financial crisis continued unabated .
Opinion polls conducted in Gaza by the Near East Consulting Group in late November 2007 indicated 74 % popular support for a peace agreement with Israel . Only 15 % would vote for Hamas MP 's or a Hamas presidential candidate , compared to 55 % for Fatah candidates .
Hamas has the power to stymie the vote and has indicated that it would do so .
Still , despite all these costly measures paid for by Africans , all the post-evaluation reports on completed projects indicated that the overwhelming majority of projects were unable to generate the revenues needed to service the debts that financed them .
The European Central Bank has indicated that the Pact 's collapse could force up Euroland interest rates .
We asked respondents to indicate how much control they had over their lives and how optimistic they were about the future , using a scale on which ten indicated a highly optimistic sense of control and one a deep level of powerlessness and pessimism .
Moreover , the European Commission has indicated that it is ready to resume talks aimed at bringing Serbia closer to the European Union as soon as a reform-oriented government is formed in Belgrade .
While the specific companies to be sold have not been announced , the government has indicated that it would sell a 25 % share of the giant potash producer Belaruskali .
Moreover , Fed policy remained constant despite rapid deterioration in America 's real economy , indicated by accelerating job losses and rising unemployment .
I was pleased to see that a large Chinese energy company , Shanghai Electric , recently indicated public support for substantial reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions .
Statements by new EU members ' leaders at the summit indicated that they were aware of such a possibility .
While Beijing\/Shenyang exercise should have indicated to Russian leaders that China 's intentions toward Russia may not always be benign , Russia 's political and military leadership seem not to sense any threat ; on the contrary , they continue to sell the Chinese advanced weapons .
Indeed , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has indicated that he will call for the dissolution of the lower house by the first week of May .
In Britain , one recent poll indicated that as many as two-thirds of Conservatives want Britain to leave the European Union .
Their Euro-skepticism certainly appears to be vindicated by events .
The leading Democratic US presidential candidates have indicated their support .
China 's government has clearly indicated that it will use any means necessary to backstop growth in the face of a free fall in exports .
Unless the Bush administration is vindicated in its actions -- for example , if Saddam Hussein launches weapons of mass destruction that unite the world against him , or if the US discovers hidden nuclear weapons in the Iraqi desert -- anti-American sentiments , and terrorism , unleashed by war , are likely to be massive .
Their coordinated efforts to divert North Korea peacefully from its nuclear course have also vindicated bilateral cooperation when both sides can define a common security stake .
And Wen has indicated that village elections might be extended to the next highest government level -- township administrations -- over the next few years .
The fact that charities were unprepared for such questions indicated to Karnofsky and Hassenfeld that other donors and foundations give more or less blindly , without the information needed to make sound decisions about whom to support .
But , as the recession hit , and the cost of the bailout became apparent , he indicated that he might have to postpone implementing this commitment .
President Bush 's readiness to consult with India 's leadership on the missile defense issue at senior levels , and India 's positive -LRB- some would say enthusiastic -RRB- response , indicated the warmth and harmony of interests the new relationship had acquired .
In 1998 , the Saint Malo Declaration by French President Jacques Chirac and British Prime Minister Tony Blair indicated both countries ' determination to reinforce the EU 's security and defense capabilities .
For example , the IMF currently has no power to impose burden-sharing , nor can it offer bankruptcy-type protection against creditor suits during debt re-organizations -LRB- United States Secretary of Treasury O'Neill recently indicated support for such a mechanism -RRB- .
Many of the opposition groups , representing a broad spectrum of opinion -- including a traditional liberal party , the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood , and the Facebook activists of the April 6 Youth Movement -- have indicated that they might support an interim government , possibly one led by the Nobel Peace Prize winner Mohamed ElBaradei .
Under `` IMF '' theory , investors , seeing government resolve to eliminate deficits , flock to the country , economic performance recovers , and the policy is vindicated .
Her overwhelming triumph has vindicated her belief that ordinary Bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country -- one that , in contrast to Pakistan , is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor , India .
But , when answering a parliamentary question that I put to the European Commission recently , the commissioner responsible for development policy , Andris Piebalgs , indicated that the Commission would consider any request from the UK for co-financing the Chagossians ' repatriation , which the EU fully and rightly accepts as a sovereign UK matter .
The review showed that while the published data generally indicated minimal risk , the unpublished trial data were far less sanguine , and even suggested an increased risk of serious adverse events , including suicide-related behavior .
None of these countries ' central banks has indicated that it was involved in depreciating its currency .
