For example , one kills ten Kurds not because they are obnoxious or because the perpetrator has strong feelings against each of them taken individually , but only because they are Kurds ; by killing those ten persons he intends to contribute to the destruction of the group as such .
Brazil has stated that it intends to vote in the Security Council in favor of recommending Palestine 's admission to the General Assembly ; Colombia has said that it plans to abstain .
The Swedish Presidency , together with the European Commission , intends to organize the first meeting of the Eastern Partnership Civil Society Forum this autumn .
How should Ahmedinejad 's denial that Iran intends to pursue nuclear arms be judged in light of his Holocaust denial ?
Obama has publicly said he intends to push for a comprehensive test ban treaty , a treaty that India opposes because it feels its own nuclear deterrent remains incomplete .
These signals are then used to predict what a user intends to do .
Koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the Diet , Japan 's parliament , and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism , he intends the SDF to become capable of `` preventive self defense '' -- a form of offensive action in all but name .
But there is one point on which both camps agree : Putin intends to remain in power indefinitely .
So the direction in which he intends to lead must be read from his actions , and these are unlikely to be definitive in the short term .
Rather , it is how China intends to use its newly acquired economic and military strength in pursuing its domestic and foreign-policy goals -- and how the world 's leading powers can ensure that they do not end up harming each other by accident or misunderstanding .
The question is not whether China rises to great-power status peacefully , but whether it intends to remain peaceful when it gets there .
As a former finance minister , deputy prime minister , and the product of a grass-roots civil-society movement , Prime Minister Kan has his work cut out for him , particularly as it is rumored that Ozawa intends to topple him in the autumn .
Indeed , it is the quality of China 's ties with its Asian neighbors , particularly India , Indonesia , Japan , Russia , and South Korea , that will be central to forging its international image , signaling not just to the region , but to the wider world , the type of great power that China intends to be .
Or does it simply reflect the fact that the ECB now intends to enforce its old policy of not commenting on exchange rates whatever the circumstance ?
If the DPJ can break free of mandarin control by centralizing policy formation in the office of the prime minister , as it intends , Japan can emerge as a more resilient democracy with a full-fledged two-party system and greater willingness to assume an international leadership role .
Indeed , there is growing concern on both sides of the Pacific that Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama intends to turn away from the declining US hegemon and reach out to a rising China .
Obviously , he intends to keep asymmetrical reciprocity embedded in the bilateral mutual security treaty : the US defends Japan , and Japan leases to the US many large bases that are essential to its global military posture .
Whereas China intends to seduce and impress the world by the number of its Olympic medals , Russia wants to impress the world by demonstrating its military superiority .
Instead of starting at the beginning of his presidency , with all those dodgy Florida voting machines , and plodding on to the bitterly unpopular end , he intends to concentrate on the 20 most consequential decisions he made in the White House .
The government 's preparation to take the lead in international talks on climate change is another sign that Sarkozy intends to revive France as a global force .
One of the hardest things in central banking is that investors often hear a very different message from that which the central bank intends to send .
They reflect sensible investments that the government intends to pursue .
But if Obama presses Hu to revalue the Chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration , Hu is likely to push back , asking Obama what he intends to do to stem the massive US deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by Chinese and others in American securities .
Defenders of Catholic teaching would answer that in the latter case , the patient intends to end his life , and that is wrong , whereas in the former case , the patient merely intends to avoid the additional burden that treatment brings .
Global values are a cause that Europe intends to promote worldwide .
Whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or she intends to do when in power , or lies about it -- as Ukraine 's current president , Viktor Yanukovich , did during his campaign against me last year -- is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish .
No one should doubt that Kuchma intends to stay in power , no matter what .
If , say , the central bank starts buying long_term bonds from the private sector at below_market interest rates , this should help convince the public that the bank intends to stick to a future low interest_rate policy .
Although the government recently announced that it intends to increase R&D spending to 2 % of GDP by 2010 , this remains below the OECD average of 2.2 % .
A law restricting transport strikes took effect on January 1 , and Sarkozy intends to break the 35-hour workweek , albeit indirectly .
A debt buyback is something of a Catch 22 : to succeed in inducing a haircut , it needs to profit from the default fears that it intends to alleviate .
