When US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld spoke recently of `` Old Europe , '' he was right , but not in the way he intended .
By contrast , unilaterally announcing the withdrawal - and then unilaterally implementing it - may harm the very purpose that the remaining US troops in Asia are intended to serve : assuring deterrence , stability , and nonproliferation in Korea and Asia .
Putin 's foreign policy also is evidently intended to whip up populist chauvinism .
This document was intended to serve as an implicit acceptance of Israel 's right to exist .
Yet these good-neighborhood policies did not work out as intended .
The International Tribunal in The Hague was intended as a Sword of Damocles for human rights violators in the Balkans .
Instead of turning them over to the tribunal , Racan used the opportunity for a power play , requesting a parliamentary vote of confidence for what was intended to be a soft-pedaling of the Hague Tribunal 's warrants .
Finally , those opposing pay regulation are certain to warn us about `` unintended consequences . ''
Are we to believe that those consequences are preferable to the unintended consequences of pay regulation ?
The effort to avoid the harm of flawed compensation decisions in the future should not be deterred by speculative arguments about unintended consequences .
The most serious unintended consequence of the war is the emergence of a powerful Shia challenge to the West 's Sunni allies in the Middle East .
The meager results of the Oslo peace process are regarded by Hamas as vindication of its consistent view that the Oslo accords were doomed to failure , and that Israel and America never intended to respect the minimal requirements of Palestinian nationalism .
In one of the film 's many charged sequences , McNamara explains to a trigger-happy admiral that the naval blockade Kennedy had imposed on Cuba was primarily intended as a signal to Chairman Khrushchev of Kennedy 's resolve , not as a means to stop specific Soviet ships .
The economy is incurring the inflationary costs of the Bank 's policy while missing out on the intended benefit of growth .
Debates over possible constitutional amendments intended to pacify angry Sunnis and to de-fang the insurgency are likely to incite factional hostility as well .
Many Shia insist that the last vestiges of Saddam 's elite must be purged , but many Sunnis argue that the process is intended to bar them from good jobs and political influence .
But if one sees our current problems in less apocalyptic terms , then another kind of trahison des clercs comes into view : the blind cheering on of a sometimes foolish military power embarked on unnecessary wars that cost more lives than they were intended to save .
But trying him for genocide , even though it will be hard to prove that he ever intended to exterminate Bosnian Muslims as a group , just because they were Muslims , will further muddy the term 's already vague definition .
Demobilization of one large rebel army , the EPL , was so recent a memory that progress with the other two main guerrilla forces fighting in the country 's seemingly endless guerrilla wars seemed certain . Both the National Liberation Army -LRB- ELN -RRB- and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -LRB- FARC -RRB- were involved throughout 1991-92 in apparently serious conversations intended to end their revolts .
First , if Moreno-Ocampo intended to pursue the goal of having al-Bashir arrested , he might have issued a sealed request and asked the ICC 's judges to issue a sealed arrest warrant , to be made public only once al-Bashir traveled abroad .
These `` conditional cash transfers '' were initially intended to stop inter-generational poverty by helping to ensure that children are properly fed , schooled , and kept healthy .
India 's Illiterate Revolution The United States has long been divided over what it calls `` affirmative action , '' a system of racial preferences intended to overcome the lingering consequences of slavery and discrimination against black Americans .
The targets also can face Trojan-horse attacks by e-mail intended to breach their computers and allow the infiltrators to corrupt or transfer files remotely .
Women who plan to postpone marriage while building their careers are far more likely to want to ensure that they can avoid or end an unintended pregnancy .
Palin 's nomination , however , could have an unintended consequence on the gender views of social conservatives .
Cartoons of Mohammed are not published , and Mozart 's opera Idomeneo is not performed in order to avoid offending religious sensitivities ; and when , in the end , the publication and the performance take place , they become a demonstration almost intended to offend .
The European summit in Brussels this weekend was intended to equip the European Union with a constitution that would enable it to handle the challenges posed by the admission of ten new member states next spring .
The proposed constitution will contain a Charter of Fundamental Rights , which is intended to enhance the political and moral legitimacy of the EU .
But they are intended to underline what many people in Europe know very well , which is that the speed with which problems concerning international development and conflict are growing easily outpaces the EU 's policy responses so far .
But , though well-intended , the principles are woefully inadequate .
It was just that the problem that the term was intended to solve no longer existed .
First , even if the trials proved favorable , Trovan was never intended for sale in Africa , but rather for the US and European markets .
Apart from one recommendation -- to create a government compensation program for Third World nationals harmed by trials intended to benefit First World subjects -- US Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues , chaired by Dr. Amy Gutmann , the president of the University of Pennsylvania , did not get much beyond vague notions of community engagement and transparency .
But will strong demand continue ? The recent tax cut , now being mailed to households , was intended to provide stimulus for continued , even higher , spending .
Limiting or even banning speculation in futures markets might therefore be costly and have unintended consequences .
The slogan meant that his government intended to free up -LRB- by military means -RRB- the country 's main road networks , even when these passed through FARC territory .
It is important to note that these were unintended consequences of basically sensible policy decisions .
But there were unintended consequences . The failure of US regulators to tighten capital and lending standards when abundant capital inflows combined with loose Fed policies ignited a furious credit boom .
Unintended consequences can not always be prevented .
Such investments may not be as profitable as in other regions , but they should be regarded as public goods intended to equalize conditions for growth .
The government programs failed to provide the `` pump-priming '' role that was intended .
A recent survey of consumers reported the lowest level of intended car buying in more than 40 years .
But , intended or not , the increased supply of dollars also affects the international value of the dollar .
But , while things are not developing as American neo-conservatives had intended , they are nevertheless developing .
For Germany , this would entail a payment of up to ¤ 4 billion and -- anathema ! -- the de facto end of the bailout ban in Article 125 of the EU 's Maastricht Treaty , despite a lot of verbal juggling intended to `` prove '' that the agreement on Greece conforms with the ban .
The various initiatives for nuclear disarmament are intended to build a new consensus on renunciation of nuclear weapons , which in turn would isolate and pressure Iran on its nuclear program .
All his initiatives were intended only to pacify the international public .
But the bail-in of private investors , much applauded in Germany , is of secondary importance , and is intended only for the German public and the MPs of the country 's government coalition ; indeed , upon close inspection , it turns out that banks and insurance companies have made a decent profit .
Instead of the intended radical realignment of power relations in the region , the aim is now to simply maintain the status quo .
Once rare and unmistakable , the term is now used loosely to describe people who do not really satisfy the narrow criteria intended for it by DSM IV .
Never mind that by the second half of 2003 , it had become obvious that the government intended to use legal means -- in the form of massive tax claims -- to destroy the company .
The dominant Arab-Muslim narrative stresses that the coming war has nothing to do with fighting terror . Rather , it is intended to settle old scores and make Washington the arbiter of Arab destiny and resources , particularly oil .
Physical movements embody the intended meaning of the event , so the whole environment becomes a signifier .
Policies intended to benefit one country 's economy at the expense of another , such as competitive devaluations , were widespread during the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
Occurring on the 72nd anniversary of the 1931 Mukden Incident that led to the Japanese occupation of Manchuria , 90 % of Chinese respondents to an Internet poll said they believed that the Japanese businessmen intended to humiliate China .
The latter was intended to impose market discipline , and the former , to preserve the stability of public finances by fixing a strict limit on the size of national budget deficits .
These spectacles were intended for national consumption , but the Americans deeply resented them .
Disregarding Zimbabwe , a recent and incomplete convert , the 18 countries of the two existing monetary unions have , as intended , benefited from lower inflation than much of the rest of Africa .
The naira was intended to bolster the country 's independence by making it possible for the central bank to pursue its own monetary policy .
Liu 's committed advocacy on behalf of democracy in China is , above all , intended for the benefit of the Chinese people .
DENVER -- President Barack Obama 's speech on the ongoing popular uprisings in the Middle East , followed by Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's recent visit to Washington , was intended to kick off a renewed effort to revive the Israeli-Palestinian peace process .
None of the anti-Saddam sentoment , Al-Fanek argued , was `` intended to serve the cause of democracy , but to support the American position and justify the American occupation . ''
But it was never intended to do that .
Indeed , financial stress tests -- designed to estimate the likelihood of bank failures in the event of bad economic news -- are intended to be the equivalent of cardiac stress tests . And , like most cardiac stress tests , the primary aim is to reassure .
Europeans , especially in France , drew the opposite conclusion that intervention could be useful if it were intended to get exchange rates right .
In both the hostile and the celebratory use of the word , totalitarianism was intended to describe a movement that embraced all aspects of life in what purported to be a coherent philosophy of politics , economics , and society .
Are we preparing for a war against each other ? '' Biden , while reaffirming that the US does not view China as an enemy , implied that Fu 's worries are not fanciful , saying that the worst scenario is a misunderstanding that leads to an unintended conflict .
The only law that Congress can not repeal is the law of unintended consequences .
Russia proposed this kind of swap earlier , but Iran declined the offer , and the version agreed with Brazil and Turkey was likewise intended to forestall Iran 's ability to produce highly enriched uranium -LRB- HEU -RRB- , which can be used for nuclear warheads .
As the deal was intended to avoid a nuclear standoff with Iran , why was there so much outrage in the US and the West ?
The decision , coming at the cabinet 's regular meeting on February 15th , was not intended to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's 63rd birthday the following day . But it did show that Japan 's government , having long suspected that North Korea already possessed nuclear weapons , would not be intimidated into a fundamental policy change by confirmation of the threat .
In each country , China is nurturing special military and commercial relations intended to promote loyalty to Chinese interests .
The possibility that Southeast Asia 's governments might begin to play America and China off against each other is one of the concerns that most animates the latest US quadrennial defense review , which is intended to `` focus on the Pacific Ocean '' in awareness of China 's growing naval power .
Among Iran analysts , it is thought that these moves were intended to revitalize the military , particularly given the possibility of conflict with the US .
Indeed , Berezovsky intended to continue ruling the country from behind the scenes , first as Yeltsin 's health failed in the final months of his presidency , and then by controlling the successor he had helped to choose .
So , in this scenario , unmasking Luzhkov as corrupt and incompetent , and using him as a scapegoat for Russia 's systemic inefficiency , is intended as a way for Medvedev to sway public opinion behind him and make Putin appear out of touch .
Europe is several years ahead of the US in implementing policies intended to mitigate global warming .
That Chinese invasion was intended to teach India a lesson for its support of the Dalai Lama and the Tibetan resistance .
Some view the bombardment of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island as a bid to divert North Koreans ' attention from their country 's collapsing economy , or perhaps from the approaching death of their `` Dear Leader , '' Kim Jong-il , or to create a synthetic reputation as a military leader for Kim 's son and intended heir , the 27-year-old -LRB- or so -RRB- `` Young General , '' Kim Jong-un .
This organization , it appears , is now intended to play the central role in managing the export of missile and nuclear technologies to Iran .
Today 's European order emerged out of the ruins of such Cold War institutions as the CFE and the OSCE , and has been shaped by the EU 's eastern enlargement , which was intended to help complete Europe 's reunification .
However , when deterrence becomes indistinguishable from collective punishment -- barred under international law by Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention -- it is far less likely to achieve its intended result .
Palestinian officials say that there is no use in holding direct talks that are nothing more than a photo opportunity intended to create the impression of a peace process while avoiding any substantive commitments .
It is now widely recognized that an unintended consequence of the `` Asian '' economic model was an increasingly inefficient allocation of capital .
The same basic idea of allowing the state to distribute gas revenues , although with different intended purposes , is found in their programs .
Thus , despite official speeches intended to support state intervention , Morales 's government benefits mainly from the workings of the market .
These illicit activities are not intended , but they increase the income of peasants , transporters , builders , and businessmen .
The long-term concern is that fishing is intended to be selective ; fishermen aim to harvest the most profitable species and the most profitable sizes within species .
For example , national advisory bodies in the UK , the Netherlands , and France recently insisted on additional regulatory measures for GMOs intended to prevent adverse side effects -- for example , allergic reactions -- on consumers ' health .
In this atmosphere of public silence , the virtually vacant public space is filled with odd voices that are not intended for public consumption .
Khodorkovsky 's letter may have appeared in the public space , but it was not intended for public consumption . Rather , it was like the `` I love you '' billboard .
To call for those people who applied violence and persecuted others to examine themselves and repent is not intended to mete out legal responsibility and moral judgment .
Cliché was the common currency of all Communist dictatorships , but they had the opposite effect to what the regime intended , for they cast an aura of forbidden fruit around the slandered New World metropolis , making it seem a glowing Olympus of modernity , an urban Everest of adventure .
The aim of these entrenched mandarins is to block Abe 's plans for extensive civil-service reforms intended to inhibit them from parachuting into lucrative post-retirement jobs in the public corporations and private firms that they once regulated .
By revitalizing and modernizing Japan 's financial system , and by getting politicians out of the game , Koizumi intended to reinvigorate the Japanese economy .
Krenz intended to give it to them -- but only the next day , November 10 .
Nobody can be sure about the consequences of making new forms of life , and we must expect the unexpected and the unintended .
Of course , the `` World War '' reference may be intended to create an `` us '' versus `` them '' logic , but this does not correspond to the nature of the challenge posed by radical Islam , given the complexity and the many divisions that exist within the Muslim world .
That reception was , of course , intended to nurture India 's collective ego , which had sensed a Sino-centric tilt to American policy ever since Obama became president .
In another measure intended to improve the lives of ordinary Cubans , he has removed restrictions on acquiring computers , microwave ovens , and other appliances .
Constitutional patriotism , a concept developed by two German philosophers , Dolf Sternberger and Karl Jaspers , was intended to replace the nationalism that had been discredited in Germany by the country 's Nazi past .
It would not be the first time that a government misused aid intended for disaster victims .
The indictment was made public in June 2003 , while Taylor was attending a peace conference in Ghana that was intended to settle the civil war in his own country .
The goal is to capture the major underlying policy shift from a highly heterogeneous portfolio of programs -- intended to support various goals in various ways and to varying degrees -- to a legislative and budgetary package designed to serve as a common strategic framework .
These steps barely veiled an agenda intended not only to guarantee electoral victory , but also to cement political dominance by the Kibaki 's ethnic group .
No rejection or exclusion of Europeans is intended .
Saddam Hussein 's removal was intended as only the first step .
Terrorism is a form of theater . Extremists kill innocent people in order to dramatize their message in a way that shocks and horrifies their intended audience .
There is always the danger of actions with unintended consequences , especially as both countries can be expected to maneuver to change the framework and reduce their vulnerabilities .
As US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton put it recently , `` the UN remains the single most important global institution ... but we are constantly reminded of its limitations ... The UN was never intended to tackle every challenge ; nor should it . ''
The far-reaching and unintended consequences for the world of the terrorist attacks of September 11th are , of course , a key cause here .
Once again , an army intended for self-defense on the battlefield was sent on a mission that only diplomacy , humanity , and tact could resolve .
The explosions over Gaza that night were not intended to entertain , but rather to break Hamas and discredit it in the eyes of Palestinians .
But the siege was never intended to starve Gazans ; as Dov Weissglass , a former aid to Ariel Sharon , famously observed , the aim was `` to put the Palestinians on a diet . ''
There are , of course , other amusing anecdotes . What is not amusing is the end result : the poppy eradication program achieved the opposite to what was intended .
Many people view that mechanism as being intended to strengthen the power of the EU 's big members to the detriment of small countries .
Their emphasis has been on countercyclical measures intended to moderate the downturn rather than on restructuring .
This December , the Center on Capitalism and Society is meeting in Berlin , just weeks after commemorations of the fall of the Berlin wall . The meeting is intended to seek ways to streamline and buttress complex and stumbling economies so that they possess the dynamism that delivers high prosperity -- plentiful jobs and ample job satisfaction .
Demonstratively hostile to the interests of both Belarus and Ukraine , the pipeline is intended to ensure that these countries are under Russia 's energy thumb , regardless of who is in power in Minsk and Kiev .
Standardization of laws could be intended as a signal to international investors .
But when the dust settles , the new data may be less revolutionary than some people believe . They may also have the unintended benefit of shifting a key policy debate in a more productive direction .
If , on the other hand , a religion 's adherents have no right to protection against criticism of their religion , then , even in Germany , Holocaust victims and their descendants -LRB- I am one -RRB- should not be protected against advertising campaigns that , though not intended to incite hatred or violence , may cause them offense .
One priority is to ensure that large , new infusions of aid do not produce unintended economic outcomes , such as rapid currency appreciation or inflation , which would make recipient countries ' exports less competitive . Another priority is to ensure that low-income countries that are striving to meet the MDG 's , and which have large financing requirements , avoid a new spiral of indebtedness .
The possibility of such an asymmetrical global rebalancing -- with China taking the lead and the developed world dragging its feet -- could be the key unintended consequence of China 's 12th Five-Year Plan .
Few of those 192 measures are in fact more than a nuisance . The most common among them are the indirect -LRB- and often unintended -RRB- consequences of the bailouts that governments mounted as a consequence of the crisis .
Reforms designed without adequate regard to local realities and domestic politics have often produced unintended consequences or backfired .
When the IMF comes in , it typically applies some degree of conditionality , as would any other lender , to ensure that its loan is eventually repaid , and used for its intended purpose .
The finance industry already is warning that new regulation may overshoot -- that is , have the unintended effect of sharply impeding growth .
If this meant that the Tribunal was intended to deter further violence , then it failed , at least in the short run .
Combined with the long-completed security fence around the Gaza Strip and one being built near Israel 's border with the West Bank , pulling out of the most exposed positions is intended to reduce casualties and the number of clashes with the Palestinians .
While demanding an Israeli withdrawal for years , the Palestinian leadership opposes Sharon 's plan , arguing it is intended to create permanent borders .
Israel 's willingness to work with Mahmoud Abbas 's Fatah regime and resumption of full-scale aid by the United States are intended to consolidate a relatively moderate Palestinian government on the West Bank .
The US embraced the Shah of Iran , and got the Iranian Revolution . The US embraced , and later toppled , Saddam Hussein , inciting chaos , with an unintended boost for Iran .
The authors show that the same group of mischief-makers , given a platform by the free-market ideologues of The Wall Street Journal 's editorial page , has consistently tried to confuse the public and discredit the scientists whose insights are helping to save the world from unintended environmental harm .
Whether this is an intended outcome , so that Obama and his party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions , or the result of poor decision-making is difficult to determine -- and may reflect a bit of both .
The Bush Administration probably launched its war against Iraq because it intended to make the country a new base for long-term military operations in the Gulf region .
This interference is also intended to help avoid the `` economization '' of all aspects of civic life .
It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far-reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
It had originally been intended that the Doha Round would address investment , but the developing countries chose to downgrade the issue and concentrate on agriculture instead .
The fuel for the air base came mostly from Russia , and the main Pentagon contractor 's local dealers falsely claimed that it was intended for domestic civilian consumption , thereby benefiting from lower import tariffs .
The British were forced to abandon gold convertibility in April 1919 -- a tactical withdrawal intended to pave the way for Britain 's return to the former $ 4.8665 parity with the American dollar .
Whatever Irish voters intended by rejecting the treaty , socio-economic change will continue to force the EU to seek new forms of organization , combining inter-governmental and federal approaches .
Four months later , Majid was captured alive ; the bombs had missed their intended target .
Other moralists will say that the difference between destroying embryos for research purposes and killing civilians in military attacks is that the former is deliberate killing , whereas the latter deaths are `` collateral damage '' -- unintended , if foreseeable , side-effects of a justifiable act of war .
Now we know that this was propaganda intended to keep the foreign money flowing , so that US households could continue to finance their lifestyles .
By formally proclaiming a systemic euro crisis -- when in fact there was only nervous market reaction concerning a few European countries ' government bonds -- they could invoke Article 122 of the Union Treaty , which was intended to help member countries in the event of natural disasters beyond their control .
The ICG report was narrowly conceived and intended to focus on a single issue , namely the evidence for an Al-Qaeda presence in Indonesia .
By buying government securities , the central bank injects cash into the banking system . This is intended to stimulate private spending by bringing down the rate of interest at which banks lend to their customers .
The law has shifted from proscribing language likely to cause violence to prohibiting language intended to give offense .
Not surprisingly , a contagious globalization that increases vulnerability inevitably triggers preventive and defensive strategies that are not always proportionate or reasonable . The xenophobia and chauvinism that some of the defensive strategies can awaken may end up doing more harm than the threats from which they were intended to protect us .
Had the treaty been approved in 2005 as intended , it would have been in place for six years , and the strain placed by the crisis on EU economic governance -- so visible in the eurozone 's recent problems -- would have been much more manageable .
Latin America is not yet cured of these unintended consequences of Guevarism .
But his policies have already caused severe unintended consequences .
I recognize that every new regulation has unintended adverse consequences , but this does not mean reform should be abandoned .
It was Bush 's unintended gift to bin Laden .
The Bush administration 's response to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 -- declaring a War on Terror and treating criticism as unpatriotic -- succeeded in gathering public support , yet the results were the exact opposite to what the Bush administration intended , both for itself and the United States .
This step was necessary , but it produced unintended adverse consequences : many other countries , from Eastern Europe to Latin America , Africa , and Southeast Asia , could not offer similarly convincing guarantees .
Maastricht was thus intended to prevent a situation like the current one in Greece .
We have already seen the liquidity intended to boost US bank lending instead leak through the cracks into markets as diverse as agricultural commodities , metals , and poor-country debt .
NEW YORK -- The visit by `` Barry Obama , '' the Indonesian nickname for the former resident and current United States president , to Jakarta is intended , as much as anything , to celebrate the achievements of the largest Muslim-majority country in the world .
Auditing is intended to put limits on potential abuses .
Most Americans view it as grossly unjust , especially after they saw the banks divert the billions intended to enable them to revive lending to payments of outsized bonuses and dividends .
Statistical frameworks are intended to summarize what is going on in our complex society in a few easily interpretable numbers .
Under the threat of a collapse of the entire system , the safety net -- intended to help unfortunate individuals meet the exigencies of life -- was generously extended to commercial banks , then to investment banks , insurance firms , auto companies , even car-loan companies .
Already heavily burdened taxpayers saw their money -- intended to help banks lend so that the economy could be revived -- go to pay outsized bonuses and dividends .
A series of half-offers and vague promises , intended to calm the market , failed .
The legislation was not intended to ban derivatives , but only to bar implicit government guarantees , subsidized by taxpayers -LRB- remember the $ 180 billion AIG bailout ? -RRB- , which are not a natural or inevitable byproduct of lending .
Anti-dumping laws are intended to ensure fair trade by preventing the sale of goods below cost .
There is a real danger that what was intended to remedy the imbalances of previous trade rounds will not only fail to do so , but may introduce new imbalances .
The IMF 's approach to the developing world is cut from the same neo-liberal cloth as the World Bank 's , with scant regard for whether they actually fit the situation of the countries they are intended to help .
The money worked as intended -- not to promote development , but to keep Zaire on the side of the West .
They learned the hard way what happens to countries otherwise , as the IMF and US Treasury marched in , took away economic sovereignty and demanded policies intended to enhance repayment to Western creditors , which plunged their economies into deep recessions and depressions .
Critics suggest that QE2 is really intended only to create inflationary expectations and thus encourage acquisition of more risky assets by reducing rates on Treasury bills with longer-term maturities -LRB- 5-7 years and 7-10 years -RRB- .
In the case of Hamas , this displacement was due largely to the massive corruption of the Palestinian Authority under Yassir Arafat , whose cronies pocketed billions of dollars intended to alleviate poverty and suffering in the Gaza Strip .
The first EU Galileo satellite -- intended as an alternative to America 's GPS system -- was launched in late December with India as a full partner .
One unintended effect of the Arab revolutions is that the link between security and integration that forms Europe 's foundation is decoupling .
Ordinary exports are produced using Chinese factors of production , and ordinary imports are intended for China 's internal market .
This is not intended as a threat to others ; rather , economic integration is a test of how much Russia has learned about the world since 1991 , and of how much more modern it has become as a result .
The government 's Reserve Fund , created to cushion the economy from a fall in oil prices , stands at $ 140 billion , and the National Welfare Fund , intended mainly to solve the coming pension crisis , holds another $ 30 billion .
By design , these funds are intended to be invested outside Russia .
However , the unintended consequence of `` more haste '' will often be `` less speed , '' and many will crash along the way .
The creation of ONGC-Mittal in late 2005 seems to have been intended to cut through bureaucratic processes , learn from the private sector , and strengthen bids as an infrastructure provider .
From the point of view of security policy , intercultural communication is intended to immunize those sections of the Muslim community that are deemed to be potentially receptive to extremist propaganda , with the clear aim being to prevent their radicalization and recruitment to jihad .
`` Fourth , let us once again outlaw the presence of the military on our streets , as the Founders intended .
For the moment , Hamas is perceived by the majority of Palestinians as the victim of a war intended to gain its surrender .
It remains to be seen whether Abu Marzouk 's view is merely a tactic intended to encourage the Obama administration to reach out to Hamas , or whether the war convinced Hamas that the two-state solution is the only viable option to settle the conflict with Israel .
Although Karzai undoubtedly spent time praying at Islam 's holiest site , his mission was intended to prove more than his piety .
Rather , they intended that Israel would help solve the Jewish problem everywhere in the world by enabling every Jew who wished to leave the diaspora to do so .
