The October 11 attack on Army Headquarters in Rawalpindi was the most daring of all -- and sent shudders across the military command , because the terrorists knew the layout of the military and security buildings .
Benedict Egbuna 's five-year old son , Benedict Jr. , born five months after the slaughter of his father , is a source of comfort to both of us and to all who knew his father .
This was also one of the few occasions when international public opinion became aware that there was a refugee problem on the island , because few people knew that refugees from that war still exist .
But a strategy of peace with Israel , Sadat knew , required an alliance with the United States .
Perhaps Sadat might have opted to secure the American alliance without making peace with Israel if he had been able to do so . But he could not , and he knew it .
When the war started , the first thing the Israeli army command sought was the evacuation of the area 's settlements , which Israel 's generals knew would quickly become an impossible burden , and an obstacle to maneuver , for their troops .
Castro answered : `` I knew .
I knew it would lead to Cuba 's annihilation . ''
They knew that confusion on the part of the defender offers the best chance for successful attack .
Corruption investigations launched by Yar ` Adua 's government have uncovered broader and deeper problems than many knew existed .
The 2008 US presidential election was the last in which the overwhelming majority of American voters neither knew nor cared about where the candidates stood on China .
We knew that the tinder was dry , but we could never know how or when , exactly , it would combust .
Later , on a visit to Afghanistan , Mullen expressed frustration with the ISI , and it is now clear that he already knew when he met the Pakistanis that an attack on Bin Laden 's compound was imminent .
Chamberlain 's belief that Britain was not yet ready for war with Nazi Germany , and that diplomacy and compromise were safer options , was in fact shared by many Europeans , who knew from personal experience the horrible consequences of war .
These people feared the comeback of religion ; that the Protestant or Catholic oppressiveness they knew first-hand might be replaced by equally oppressive Muslim codes of conduct .
Indeed , papal diplomats not only knew about the plot against Hitler , but sought to mediate between the conspirators and the Allied Powers .
Recent events have made crystal clear what we already knew - that human and animal viruses are not mutually exclusive .
When the first Soviet soldiers came up our little street in the Western suburbs of Berlin , we knew that the great slaughter was coming to an end .
But Karl Marx and Alexis de Tocqueville , the two great social analysts of the nineteenth century , knew better what makes people tick , and what makes societies change .
In the French presidential campaign , everyone knew what Le Pen stood for ; but neither Chirac nor Jospin had a clear program to offer , just vague , abstract generalities .
I had never worked in the financial industry , and knew few people who did . -LRB- Full disclosure : I am now an independent Director of Morgan Stanley . -RRB-
Nor is it clear how we all knew that LTCM 's failure or the post-September 11 malaise posed grave risks to the system , but could seriously doubt that the dot-com craze was a bubble .
Or perhaps economics will remain a discipline that forgets most of what it once knew and allows itself to be continually distracted , confused , and in denial .
The descriptive terms they used -- `` discordant , '' `` embarrassing , '' `` political liability '' -- suggest that they knew they were giving Mankiw a raw deal .
One Russian friend told me , `` Whenever we would read an article about the health dangers of butter , we would immediately run out and buy as much butter as we could find , because we knew it meant there would be a butter shortage . ''
What struck me was not the announcement itself , but the name of the CEO : Cliff Reid , the CEO when I knew him in the 1980 's of a text-search company called Verity .
Learning the great art of Orientalism , the classical empires knew how to keep talking while keeping their distance .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
Those of us who supported this policy generally knew that history and economic theory implied that such one-time fiscal transfers have little effect , but we thought that this time might be different .
Though his memoirs paint a characteristic portrait of a leader who knew what he was doing , research for my new biography shows that his policy towards the crisis across the Mediterranean combined hope and frustration .
Merkel could attempt this strategy because she knew that her right flank was covered by the FDP , which would attract voters dissatisfied with the CDU 's leftward turn , but then join in a CDU-led coalition .
Moreover , they knew that , in contrast to the inter-war period , close international coordination would be needed .
We knew that Asperger 's would likely triple the rate of autistic disorders to about 1 per 500-1 ,000 , but this does n't explain the new rate of 1 per 38 .
Perhaps the G-20 will be a venue in which the big emerging-market countries remind the US and the UK of the lesson they once knew but have now forgotten -- what it means to run a countercyclical fiscal policy .
Like the Clintons , the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top , and the best way to do it , they concluded , was together .
Clearly , this devout believer was overtaken by the sanctity of this pagan temple and was praying to his own God in the only way he knew .
Recognition of cultural rights and humanitarian norms underpinned the activities of brave individuals like Václav Havel who knew that a better future was not only possible but essential .
But nobody knew with any precision just when open revolt against Burma 's military dictatorship would erupt .
For years , his backbench members of parliament kept quiet because they knew that they owed their seats , and their majority , to him .
American policymakers expended considerable effort devising ways to support the pound , because they knew that the same factors that made the pound vulnerable also threatened the dollar .
As the BIS 's chief economist in the 1930 's , Jacobsson knew how to use economic analysis as a basis for influence .
Concern about the environmental consequences of war probably started after the first atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at World War Two 's end , when no one knew how long lasting the radioactive contamination would be or what clean-up measures could be taken .
We never knew when we woke up each morning what would happen .
But the rest of the world paid no attention to the vague pronouncements of a possible launch that had been appearing in the Soviet press ; everybody outside the Soviet Union knew the United States would launch the world 's first satellite .
The KGB knew that there was really no need to keep his name secret , but , as KGB chief Ivan Serov told me , the enemy 's resources were limited , so let them waste their efforts trying to uncover `` non-secret '' secrets .
If this scenario comes true , it will be a sad day for Russia , but not because Putin will be retaining power -- something everyone in Russia knew that he would .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a prime minister under Putin and now a leader of the opposition People 's Freedom Party , insisted that `` nobody knew '' about the swap .
For example , four years ago , when I came to office , only a handful of global leaders knew enough even to talk about climate change -- the defining challenge of our times , whose effects we see every day , all around us .
NEW YORK -- Growing up as a child during the Korean War , I knew poverty first hand . I saw it around me every day ; I lived it .
In the past , young Japanese were proud of their knowledge about cars , and every teenage boy knew which model would attract the most girls .
Many in the Governing Council wanted to go faster , because they knew they had a long journey in front of them , but Trichet refused .
Through private discussions with trusted friends , everyone sensed that discontent was common , yet no one knew , or could know , the extent of it .
It knew that the rest of Russia 's colonies -- the so-called `` Soviet republics '' -- would want to follow the ungrateful Baltic countries into freedom .
The Pact came after the pogroms of `` Kristallnacht '' in Germany , so its Soviet initiators knew pretty well to what destiny they were consigning the Jews of Poland and Lithuania , which , in accord with the first secret Protocol signed by Ribbentrop and Molotov on August 23 , 1939 , were to go to Hitler .
It took more than a year for Europe to do what everyone knew needed to be done to contain the Greek crisis , and it still may not be enough . For the approved measures do not provide the transparent and long-term commitment to restoring Greek finances that markets want to see .
The simplest explanation for this may be found in Flaubert 's words about Don Quixote : `` I found my origins in this book , which I knew by heart before I learned how to read . ''
Indeed , at the core of Don Quixote is something essential that we knew even before we read it but which became part of our nature only after we completed its mesmerizing journey .
All of us knew that a failed interrogation could mean being dropped from the course .
The whole Stalinist system of government was built on absolute secrecy , in which only the General Secretary himself knew the whole story .
Those of us covering Eastern Europe knew that Solidarity would win .
We knew , too , that its peaceful victory would be a lesson for the rest of the bloc .
We knew our heroes would win .
An organizer of the November 17 rally told me that he knew it was over that very day , when he expected several hundred people and 20,000 showed up .
Geremek knew that exclusion and enslavement destroy human dignity , and degrade our humanity .
He knew that dictatorships lead to moral shabbiness .
Geremek knew that a feeling of national identity and pride is priceless , and that in Poland , condemned to struggle for independence , they are necessary virtues .
But he also knew that in the interwar period , the concept of `` Polishness '' was used as a tool of aggressive nationalism .
Although events like the Stalinist terror were outside the Polish tradition as he conceived it , Geremek knew that a communal identity demands consciousness of the entirety of its history , all its good , all its evil .
But the key point is that no reckless exposure would be possible in a system where shareholders and creditors knew that they would not be bailed out , and supervisors were not allowed to gamble on resurrection of their supervised entities , but rather were obliged to call them to account as soon as they started misbehaving .
So he knew what was wrong and appreciated that it had to be fixed carefully and patiently , by engaging the staff rather than intimidating them .
So we knew that there would be problems with the election , that voting would not be clean in the way Western countries take for granted .
The real estate bubble inflated and collapsed partly because millions of Americans borrowed more than they could afford to repay -- and knew it .
The Ayatollahs ' Tipping Point SOUTHAMPTON , ENGLAND -- Once the crowds were in the streets in Tehran , one could , if one knew the script , begin the countdown : if today there are mass protests , tomorrow there will be threats of retaliation in the name of `` national security . ''
Human rights organizations knew that Obama had prepared the way , in public-relations terms , for some criminal trials -- talking up the `` supermax '' security of some US prisons , and noting that other terrorists have successfully been tried by America 's justice system .
As their designated representative , al-Hanashi knew which prisoners had claimed to have been tortured or abused , and by whom .
They had learned nothing from the right , whose candidates knew how powerful the right colors , clothing , imagery , and even lighting can be , and how strongly personal narratives -- Ronald Reagan in riding boots , or George W. Bush in a flight suit -- resonate with voters .
Ironically , George W. Bush , the first president with an MBA , was weaker on this dimension than his father , who knew how to manage an able group of advisers .
Saddam knew that he did n't have weapons of mass destruction , but he was unwilling to concede the right of inspectors to ask .
Serious criticism comes from unexpected places : philosophers you knew and learned from , scientists to whom you had entrusted your priceless collections to describe .
Villanueva was a fugitive from justice and Almeyda knew that he should turn him over to the police .
Instead , the blame should be shared by those who knew , or should have known , about the risks of giving up the ability to set interest rates in individual countries .
Many Arabs themselves knew what was wrong with their region .
On the contrary , they knew that they would have to do most of the work themselves -- albeit under EU guidance and with the help of EU know-how .
Socrates , Plato 's teacher , famously goaded the Athenian authorities by maintaining that he was wiser than the Oracle at Delphi , who claimed to be the wisest , because he , unlike most people -LRB- including the Athenian authorities -RRB- , knew that he did not know anything .
Holders of European government bonds believed that they knew what they had bought .
Back then , Thai schoolchildren sang martial songs each morning , and Thais knew their place in the rigidly elitist pecking order , which was reinforced by socialization and indoctrination in classrooms and living rooms , where only state-controlled media could enter .
The revolutions of 1905 and 1917 also came at a time when those discussions were finished , and everyone knew who stood for what .
But it is still obvious that the entire party knew who Stalin was .
When they entrusted him with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly , the Bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly , because they knew Stalin as a person who would not stop at anything .
Yet , to see the crisis coming would have required someone who knew about each of these areas -- just as it takes a good general practitioner to recognize an exotic disease .
Although the importers knew that Proctor 's invention was ludicrous -LRB- because they had been importing the bean from Mexico for years -RRB- , they had no choice but to accept the patent 's legality , causing 22,000 Mexican farmers and their families to lose 90 % of their export incomes in just the first year .
At a recent press conference , US President Barack Obama remarked that he was loathe to comment immediately on matters of great public importance before being absolutely sure that he knew -- and knew what he thought about -- the subject in question .
Hamilton knew that the wrong kind of taxes would weaken the already-fragile economy .
Instead , an independent commission should be established to examine the previous regime 's foreign-borrowing policy , its objectives and effects , and what lenders knew -LRB- or could reasonably be assumed to have known -RRB- about those objectives and effects .
Because Sunni Arabs , comprising less than 25 % of the population , knew that they could not win a democratic election , many of their leaders urged a boycott .
Everyone knew that Kadima would win and form a coalition with the moderate left Labor party , which managed a respectable second-place finish .
Some of the younger officers complained about corruption . Mubarak apparently surprised them by saying that he knew that many leading people in the country were thieves , but that he believed they had stolen enough to keep them happy .
If a country were at war and knew that one-third of its population were certain to perish in the next ten years , its leaders would most likely declare a state of emergency and commit every resource at their command to averting that outcome .
As someone who knew Lebanon in its darkest hours -- when Lebanon was a by-word for chaos , violence , and political hopelessness -- and who saw its rapid reconstitution as a functioning participatory political system and its astonishing return to normalcy , I know that Iraq can be politically rebuilt .
The world knew what was happening .
However , as the SARS epidemic flared up in 2003 , Dr. Jiang realized in April that Health Ministry reports of only 19 confirmed cases of the disease in Beijing were bogus - he knew of almost ten times that amount .
But who really knew much about this latest foray into a troubled region by the UN chief ? Not many .
Perhaps ordinary citizens always knew that when they sold houses for real gains , ultimately they were profiting at someone else 's expense .
Chen invariably blamed the KMT for blocking sensible economic plans , but even some of his moneyed supporters knew better .
Both Wall Street 's chieftains and the Obama administration already knew the truth .
They knew that if the true conditions at many big banks were publicly revealed , many would have been immediately declared bankrupt , necessitating government receivership to stop a tsunami of bank runs .
A joke making rounds in Moscow nowadays goes like this : Americans did n't know who their President was two months after their last presidential election , but we Russians knew who was going to occupy the Kremlin two years before our recent election .
And as the statistician Leonard `` Jimmie '' Savage showed in 1954 , if people follow certain axioms of rationality , they must behave as if they knew all the probabilities and did all the appropriate calculations .
So economists assume that people do indeed use all publicly available information and know , or behave as if they knew , the probabilities of all conceivable future events .
Given the volume of jet fuel involved , key players , including buyers , sellers , and US officials , obviously knew or should have known about the scheme .
If Mrs. Stewart , herself an African-American , knew what we know about development today , her demand would be the same now as it was then .
Every shred of evidence we 've accumulated over the past 30 years of academic and policy research , all the experience of our development efforts , confirm what our pioneering ancestors knew innately : education for all our children -- poor , rich , white , black , boys , girls -- means healthier babies , stronger families , wealthier economies , and more vibrant democracies .
We central Europeans knew the misery of communism .
Yet we knew what we wanted to replace it with -- a system based on modern European democratic market values .
The constant media focus enabled people to feel that they knew her , and so they followed and cared intensely about her ups and downs , as if she were a member of their own family .
As we have seen , the White House built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence , and Bush made statements about Iraq 's attempt to purchase uranium from Africa that he and his staff knew to be highly doubtful , if not false .
He would ensure that the American public knew how the error occurred , and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was -- to put the best possible interpretation on it -- a grave error of judgment .
They -- and we -- are very far from the world that Mubarak , or the great Gamal Abdel Nasser , knew and understood .
Even Marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking .
What historians have known for 2,000 years -- and what the eighteenth century 's classical economists also knew -- suddenly struck the new breed of mathematical economists in the 1990 's like a flash of lightning : prosperity depends on good government .
The Japanese knew how to coordinate state and private-sector goals in the 1970 's , but then lost their way . `` We should now emulate the South Koreans , '' says Eisuke Sakakibara , a leading Japanese economist , who was one of the architects of the Japanese `` miracle '' of the 1980 's .
The Bush administration knew what it was doing when it declared war on terror and used that pretext for invading Iraq .
His solution landed the housing market in the worst of all worlds : their managements knew that if the blank cheques were filled out they would lose their jobs , so they retrenched and made mortgages more expensive and less available .
NEW YORK -- The architects of the euro knew that it was incomplete when they designed it .
The government knew monitors would turn up improprieties , but believes that it has nothing to hide , and much to gain , from honest criticism .
At the time , many thought that such lofty appeals were a deliberate attempt to forestall real reform : those who had done well under the old system knew that the crisis would pass , and with it , so too would the demand for reform .
But lenders perhaps knew that , with the Republicans in control of government , they could make bad loans and then change the law to ensure that they could squeeze the poor .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , the US and its allies knew that long-term victory required winning hearts and minds .
These institutions knew , or they should have known , that their loans and aid was not going to help the country 's desperately poor people . It would only leave them deeper in debt .
The US Treasury and the IMF knew , or at least hoped , that with the passing of the crisis , global attention would turn elsewhere .
As is so often the case in such circumstances , the CEO pleads innocence : he knew nothing about what his underlings were doing .
Most importantly , Bush did not ask the hard questions - perhaps because he , like those below him , already knew the answers they wanted .
When the West gave money to Mobutu , they knew that the funds were going to Swiss bank accounts rather than benefiting the people of Zaire -LRB- now Congo -RRB- .
They were more right than they knew .
They buried the bad mortgages in complicated instruments , buried them so deep that no one knew exactly how badly they were impaired , and no one could calculate how to re-price them quickly .
Though every crisis eventually ends , no one knew at the time how broad , deep , and long the ensuing recessions and depressions would be .
Futures traders knew about the growth of China and other emerging markets ; but they expected supply -- mainly from low-cost Middle East providers -- to increase in tandem with demand .
I asked a top general what he knew of communism at the time .
`` I doubt that even Mao knew what it was . ''
Perhaps no one knew or could know how much suffering would lie ahead , how vast the sacrifice would be , and how great the difference would be between the dream and the reality .
The ISI knew perfectly well that India would not go to war with Pakistan to avenge the killing of its diplomatic personnel .
NAIROBI -- At long last , Kenya is getting a new constitution , something that had eluded our country for decades , even though almost everyone knew that one was needed .
As Lemkin knew , terror followed famine : peasants who survived hunger and the Gulag became Stalin 's next victims .
A year ago , everyone gathered in the streets of Kyiv knew what we were standing up against : a corrupt government that sought to command life and labor , and to dispose of state property , at its will .
For a democratic-minded president to co-habit -LRB- as the French call it -RRB- with the very man who sought to sabotage Ukraine 's last presidential ballot would , I knew , provoke institutional paralysis and political chaos .
Of course , none of us knew the precise moment when catastrophe struck at Chernobyl 25 years ago .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody -- not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraine 's parliament -- knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy .
Obviously , I knew that the police take bribes , but was concerned that Boris might bump into one who was n't corrupt .
The world everyone knew simply and inexplicably seemed to disappear .
Even as the Bush administration was spinning the notion that the torture of prisoners was the work of `` a few bad apples '' low in the military hierarchy , I knew that we were seeing evidence of a systemic policy set at the top .
Hill knew that her motives would be questioned .
Hill , for example , knew that she would have to explain why she waited years to accuse Thomas , her former employer .
Likewise , adult accusers of Church-protected sex criminals knew that they would have to answer fundamental questions -LRB- notably , many of them have identified themselves , which has helped get real prosecutions -RRB- .
