Russia knows that such negotiations will be fruitless , but believes that another seemingly innocent appeal for more talks would strain EU unity , which appears to be a vital goal for Putin .
Hamas knows this , and thus is focusing its attention on the Gaza disengagement , seeking to exploit this victory by demanding a share in the post-disengagement order .
First , nobody knows how to explain or predict the short-term movements -LRB- from one day to six months , say -RRB- of exchange rates .
It is probably bad in the short run , but who knows about the longer term ?
China follows the power game within the EU through its French friends , and therefore knows which governments need to be whipped into line .
Lantos knows about moral compasses : as a boy , he was rescued by Raoul Wallenberg from being deported to Auschwitz by the Nazis in Budapest .
This netherworld , patrolled and nourished by criminals who operate a vast black-market economy , has bred , in Mumbai , a community that has utter contempt for the state , because it knows that its survival depends on corrupting the police . Like underground magma , that underworld has now burst into the streets of Mumbai .
And yet , what science knows is far too often overlooked when high-stakes decisions are made .
Neither of us knows how we survived this ordeal .
She knows that Brazil 's progress under Lula was supported by stable economic growth , higher social transfers to poor households through programs such as Bolsa Familia , and democracy .
Judge Guzmán also determined that the former dictator is not insane and knows right from wrong .
So the Syrian leadership knows that it must respond -- hence the half-hearted reform agenda that it recently outlined .
Like a blade of grass beneath a stone , culture knows how and in which direction to seek light .
The fate of the country may not hinge on Saleh , a crafty veteran who knows that his career is over .
As anyone who has worked in Tibet recently knows well , this was an inexactitude : since at least 1996 , all Tibetans who work for the government and all Tibetan students in Tibet have been forbidden any Buddhist practice , even though it is illegal under Chinese law to stop people from practicing an official religion .
Bashar may lack his father 's acumen , but he , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
Today , at long last , everyone knows what is meant by `` land , '' and everyone knows what is meant by `` peace . ''
This , and the indirect negotiations with Israel that are now underway in Turkey -- which Assad knows can not produce major results , given Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's political weakness and Bush 's lame-duck status -- have helped to open for Syria the gates of Europe , where he had also once been a pariah .
Netanyahu knows that the daunting task of maintaining Israel 's relationship with the US is as much a vital strategic necessity as it is a compelling domestic requirement .
Netanyahu also knows that the Arab side 's failures have nurtured radical Zionism .
Beyond that , who knows ?
No one knows her opinion on the Middle East , terrorism , nuclear deterrence , and international security .
The world already knows of China 's success and its attractiveness as a destination for foreign investment , but few outsiders have seen firsthand the steep price the country is paying for its new prosperity .
Turkey 's government knows that any move to shut down the 600-mile pipeline from Kirkuk to Turkey 's Mediterranean port at Ceyhan would have little near-term impact , since most of Iraq 's oil exports flow from the south , hundreds of miles from the country 's border with Turkey .
Yushchenko 's recent moves in both politics and economics suggest that his instinct for self-preservation knows no limits .
The Tea Party movement -- an economic agenda for the rich masquerading as the salvation of God-fearing white Americans -- knows that all too well .
The common man , rooted in the real world , supposedly knows better : uncompromising toughness , the hard line , is the only way to get results .
Fidel Castro knows this , and will take advantage of the democracies ' diluted commitment to human rights and democracy .
Chávez knows that his personal security depends on the permanent protection of the Cuban intelligence services .
The trick for an immigrant is to always buy cheap , because he never knows how long it will be before a car breaks down .
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation .
Tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
Mr. Blair knows all this , which is why he has hinted more than once that he has put his political career and his position as Prime Minister on the line .
Who knows ?
Disconnection is the beginning , followed by the belief that one is the only person who knows what is right and good .
Proud Germany , the inventor of the modern university system as most of the world currently knows it , now sees its students ranked at the bottom in tests of knowledge and competence .
But EU leaders have yet to admit what everybody knows : that Europe 's population is not just ageing , it is starting to decline , and is likely to decline steeply in coming decades .
In fact , no one knows whether Tony Blair will seek to join the Euro , let alone win a referendum on it .
On the contrary , everyone knows that Lionel Jospin 's government pursued a slow , covert process of privatization and liberalization , because such a process is unavoidable in today 's global economy .
These fears incite anger and xenophobia , even though everyone knows that globalization can not be conquered by kicking out foreigners .
Everyone knows that a much larger EU must be more integrated politically if it is not to grind to a halt through sheer weight of numbers .
Everyone knows that reform of the farm policy is overdue by several decades ; and reform means cutting farm subsidies .
Eight years on , Europe knows better .
These dangers were predictable , and the world now knows that the war has proved a terrible failure of American strategy , and may yet have even more catastrophic consequences .
One of Blair 's character flaws is self-righteousness , an excessive confidence -- perhaps an extrapolation of his Christian faith -- that he knows what is correct , and is therefore entitled to act accordingly .
The world now knows that Axel Weber , the president of the Bundesbank , voted against it .
Moral hazard , we thought , could safely be ignored , because it is `` moral , '' which , as every true scientist knows , just means `` imaginary . ''
Britons , as Osborne knows , are willing to lend to their government on an enormous scale -- and on terms that are more generous than those on offer from the IMF .
For Summers , the problem is that there is so much that is `` distracting , confusing , and problem-denying in ... the first year course in most PhD programs . '' As a result , even though `` economics knows a fair amount , '' it `` has forgotten a fair amount that is relevant , and it has been distracted by an enormous amount . ''
One factor behind slow post-financial-crisis recovery is that nobody knows how the division of labor will be rearranged .
Nobody knows whether the debt-ceiling tripwire will be evaded ; if so , how ; or what will happen if it is not .
Frankly , no one knows what legislative deal will be struck to raise the debt ceiling .
But everyone in the financial markets knows that the EFSF has insufficient firepower to undertake that task -- and that it has an unworkable governance structure to boot .
The problem is that private insurance markets do not work well when the buyer knows much more about what is being insured than the seller .
But , all these years later , I have yet to meet anyone who knows what they are talking about who is prepared to defend Kyoto as a substantive global public policy .
Bush knows his strengths and weaknesses , they told me .
And when it does , risk tolerance collapses : everybody knows that there are immense unrealized losses in financial assets and nobody is sure that they know where they are .
Everybody knows that there are immense unrealized losses in financial assets , but no one is sure that they know where those losses are .
Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone can not be decisive , as there are other dimensions of power - so-called `` soft power '' - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace . These dimensions include international legitimacy , values -LRB- including tolerance -RRB- , and public opinion .
Policy responses to such economic shocks may be better nowadays than they were during the Great Depression -- for example , we know not to embark on a trade war should the Yen crash -- but no one knows how long and painful the process of correction will be .
For all the good news about Mexico 's infant democracy , its president is beginning to justify the early fears about him : no vision , no Congress to work with , and no team that knows what to do .
Or is he simply biased because of the people he knows , the company he works for , or the attitudes he picked up at home ?
The CIO also needs to take a serious look at information security -- in conjunction with the CIOs of other countries -LRB- since cybercrime knows no borders -RRB- .
But for Uribe 's consensus to outlast him and become a truly viable model for the continent , he knows that he must win the hearts and minds of Colombia 's disaffected rural population .
As everyone who has ever had an unpalatable job knows , shutting off the alarm and pulling the blanket over one 's head is not a solution .
That is nonsense , and Russia knows it .
Of course , Russia knows this .
The first reason is concern that Israel will perceive the existence of one or two Iranian bombs as an existential threat , demanding a pre-emptive military attack -- with or without US support , but in either case with resources that Iran knows it can not match .
Nobody knows enough about the causes of climate change to prove that an imagined disaster is impossible .
But anyone who recalls what the American and British economies were like before Reagan and Thatcher , and who knows the changes that they introduced , must also recognize that the world can not go back .
And he knows that .
Everyone knows that Greece will be unable to work its way out of crisis without massive debt relief .
For a long time , Merkel fought this new EU tooth and nail , because she knows how unpopular it is in Germany -- and thus how politically dangerous it is to her electoral prospects .
But today , America is stuck there and knows neither how to win nor how to get out .
Anyone familiar with Iran knows that this provokes only a defiant response .
He has no investment talent , but he knows about probabilities , and is running a hedge fund worth $ 100 million . He decides to sell options on the S&P event .
Nobody knows what vision of collective defense is to be implemented : one needs a fertile imagination to imagine Belarusian paratroopers defending the Tajik border .
Luckily , China 's government knows that America 's advice to let the renminbi float right now is dangerous -- both to China and for the world economy .
Everybody now knows about America 's dodgy `` sub-prime '' mortgages -LRB- the term says it all -RRB- .
Everyone knows that in case of fire , only the first to leave will be safe .
As Europe knows , constructing an economically and socially integrated zone offers the best opportunity to resolve conflicts and overcome political and cultural enmities . But all partners must first get their own houses in order : Europe must strengthen its economic and political integration , and Africa must improve its governance by fighting corruption and establishing the rule of law more firmly .
The outside world currently knows little about the inner workings of the Iraqi weapons program .
Iraq 's government knows exactly what it needs to do to hide its weapons of mass destruction .
In this search for the right balance , democracy knows no boundaries .
Both are allegedly endangered : by an EU that wishes to assimilate `` us '' as much as possible ; by the European Commission with its standards ; by NATO , the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank ; by the United Nations ; by foreign capital ; by Western ideologies ; by Eastern mafias ; by American influence ; by Asian or African immigration ; and by God knows what else .
Chancellor Schröder knows this .
Indeed , there were no specific targets and , as any China watcher knows , the `` greening '' of the government is old news .
The third element of Musharraf 's strategy is more positive : he knows that he must do some good -- and also be seen doing it .
He knows that the real threat to his power -- and his life -- comes from within his constituency , the military .
And Lula achieved all this without triggering inflation , which he knows -- perhaps a result of his own impoverished childhood -- wreaks havoc on the poor most of all .
Every technically competent person knows that the paths to civilian nuclear power and to nuclear weapons are the same , except for a few last , comparatively simple steps .
What is uncanny about the current debate about Afghanistan is the degree to which it displays continuity with the Vietnam debates , and the Obama administration knows it .
No one knows when the long-promised visit by the UN Rapporteur on Torture will take place .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have uniforms bearing a Koranic verse that reads , `` Make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can , to terrify thereby the enemy of God and your enemy , and others besides them that you know not ; God knows them . ''
Moreover , Ahmadinejad knows that , without Khamenei 's restraint , the clerics would use their political networks among conservatives like the Larijani brothers to limit the president further .
Public opinion matters , and Russia 's elite knows it .
But he knows something that they do n't seem to recognize : Russia 's people endorse his policies and do not want them overturned .
Putin 's own game of prime ministerial `` musical chairs '' does not reflect a desire to secure for himself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules , for he knows all too well that the path from the Kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave .
No one knows .
After all , Putin knows well the old Soviet playbook : the fate of previous KGB functionaries may await him .
Everyone knows of the dangers posed by instability on the Afghan-Pakistan border , in Pakistan and the region .
For example , everyone knows how hard it was for Russia over the past decade to maintain its image as a space power .
Everyone knows that the ECB can not raise interest rates now , and for some time to come .
In Egypt , Tunisia , and Yemen , no one knows where power will lie in the months to come .
So far , the right-wing Sharon government , which seems to give only lip service to peace , is more than happy to engage in military actions that it knows will lead to Palestinian retaliations .
Everyone involved in attempting to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict knows what a peace agreement between the sides will most likely look like .
Almost every learned pundit , expert , or politician in the Middle East and around the world knows pretty much what a solution to the conflict would look like -- a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders with slight land swaps and an equitable negotiated solution of the Palestinian refugee issue .
God knows , change is still needed on that front .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
He is not naive , and knows that patience , compromise , and a policy of small steps are often needed .
With a popular base that demands change -- and that knows that change requires gaining access to state-owned wealth -- social attitudes have developed that are receptive to the promises made by the caudillos .
Indeed , according to Raúl , the state-controlled food-rationing system is a `` factor of immobility , '' but no one knows what might replace it .
In Europe , Germany can be confident that the US would help to contain an aggressive Russia , while Russia knows that Germany will remain tied to , and thus restrained by , the US .
How can you go home again if the sea has been sucked down a vast drain that opened up beneath it , emptying it who knows where , into a void ?
Nobody knows whether the current prime ministers of the EU 's 27 member countries will choose Blair .
The government knows that it has a political tiger by the tail , but refuses to acknowledge it , either inside China or outside .
Nobody -- not even people closely involved in the process -- really knows how the European Union 's leaders are chosen .
Despite these sources of concern , Italy is a robust country that knows how to deal with economic crisis .
But perhaps he knows better .
`` Good government '' remains the public 's biggest concern , and the BJP knows that murderous riots will undermine its claim to be delivering such .
He knows that the `` return of France '' as an influential actor in Europe presupposes a France that is closer to America , which will automatically bring France closer to Germany and Great-Britain , not to mention Poland and Italy .
Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans ' suffering , Obama knows only too well that the `` audacity of hope '' will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
Between the two extreme of the Balkans and China , the relationship between `` Memory '' and `` History '' knows so many shades of gray .
It seems most likely , but no one really knows .
PRINCETON -- By now , everyone knows that Germany is calling the shots not just in the eurozone , but across all of Europe .
Deep down , however , everybody knows that there is no way back to Bonn .
This requires a Europe that knows its own mind , so that it can approach the US -- and the rest of the world -- with a clearer eye and a harder head .
That lawyer , Elizabeth Gilson , probably knows al-Hanashi 's state of mind before he died , but the US government will not allow her to talk about it .
At the same time , however , Iran knows how costly it would be for the Americans -LRB- and perhaps the Israelis -RRB- to use force , which reduces the effect of the threat .
Kim knows that the five other countries in the six-party talks are divided .
The sender knows what she says , but not always what the targets hear .
But , with 15,000 artillery tubes embedded in the Demilitarized Zone , just 30 miles north of Seoul , North Korea knows that firing just a few shells could wreak havoc on the South Korean stock market and economy , while it has less to lose in comparison .
The basic point is that no one , including the Chinese , knows how China 's political future will affect its economic growth .
He needs to strike a new bargain with Belarusians , and he knows it : economic modernization with political `` stability . ''
Toledo had every reason to seek Villanueva 's help : as everyone knows , despite being locked up at the Callao Naval Base , Vladimiro Montesinos continues to exercise influence and can find ways to bring down Toledo 's government .
Greece knows this very well .
There are no assemblers , and nobody really knows how to build one .
But Obama also knows that if the existing nuclear states want others to accept tougher restrictions , they will have to cut back their nuclear arsenals .
While no one yet knows the national plutocrats ' names , I believe that they are new , influential players in or associated with the Kremlin , and that they have now become bold enough to challenge both Putin and Medvedev .
China knows that the current situation is not sustainable , but it remains reluctant to move aggressively to let the renminbi strengthen .
Thaksin knows this .
Practically everyone knows what is unacceptable , and what needs to be eliminated .
For all the UN 's intellectual commitment to the furtherance of human rights , it knows better than to incite the displeasure of the Chinese or the Russians by receiving activists from Tibet or Chechnya .
He knows nothing about international affairs , but no one seems to hold it against him .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
No one knows where the 8 % figure really comes from , and many experts believe that China 's society and polity are capable of handling much lower growth .
After all , who cares about Florida 's current-account deficit -- or even knows what it amounts to ?
And everyone knows that beneath the stability of the moment lurk explosive forces that can change the regime and devalue huge investments .
The United States , as everyone knows , came perilously close to defaulting on August 2 , and Standard & Poor 's downgraded US debt from AAA on August 5 .
Any good international investment banker knows that the end of April is a bad time to come peddling his services , for that is when the world 's finance ministers return home from the IMF meetings in Washington , chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards .
It would certainly be more entertaining that the current framework , and , who knows , it might even inspire better policy .
And Bernanke knows as well as anyone that none of the vast academic literature suggests a large role for asset prices in setting monetary policy , except in the face of extraordinary shocks that influence output and inflation , such as the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
These are key issues in the short term , but , as every economist knows , long-run economic growth is determined mainly by improving productivity .
Everybody knows how American-style hyper-consumerism can destabilize social relations and lead to aggressiveness , loneliness , greed , and over-work to the point of exhaustion .
Nobody knows how much oil is left and how much it will cost to extract , but the peak of global oil production will probably be reached sometime in the next quarter century , perhaps even in the next few years .
As most of the world knows , America 's quest to maintain its claim to the title of `` greatness , '' has , of late , also been elusive .
The worst has been mitigated and obscured in the wealthy countries by running up unprecedented levels of debt , but any moderately streetwise person knows that the next generation -- and even the one after that -- will be paying for the excesses of the investment bankers .
Although the conscious part of your brain knows that the tickling sensation comes from you and is n't `` really '' unexpected , the cerebellum does n't get it , and the tickling works .
As any seasoned banker knows , a well-managed bank should undertake internal `` stress tests '' regularly as a matter of good housekeeping .
Yet Putin knows that he must curtail the political ambitions of the oligarchs if Russian business is to be modernized .
Not one political force in Russia knows how to answer the challenges that `` soft authoritarianism '' has brought .
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming .
The farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail .
Far better , proponents of wage insurance argue , for the training to be carried out by an employer who wants a job done and knows what the employee needs to learn .
Merton concluded : `` It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands . ''
Everyone knows that markets have been booming , and everyone knows that other people know that a correction is always a possibility .
With its long borders with Russia , China knows it would have much to regret if a new , oil-fired Russian empire appeared on its doorstep .
No one knows how effective that vast sum is in achieving the goals that donors intend to support .
If God is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
What McCain and Obama Ignore PRINCETON -- Barack Obama worked for three years as a community organizer on Chicago 's blighted South Side , so he knows all about the real poverty that exists in America .
He knows that in one of the world 's richest nations , 37 million people live in poverty , a far higher proportion than in Europe 's wealthy nations .
Who knows what the consequences would have been ?
In my view , those values are more defensible than the values that lead to political censorship -- and who knows how many Chinese would endorse the value of open access to information , too , if they had the chance ?
Once he knows of it , the decision is his to make , because only he can judge the importance of his journey , and balance that against the risk he is running .
The batsman usually knows and traditionally should `` walk '' -- leave the ground -- if he knows that he is out .
Who knows what difference that example might have made to the lives of many of those watching ?
Throughout the world , to receive what one knows are stolen goods is a crime -- except , it seems , when the goods are stolen by dictators from the people they dominate .
-LRB- Chua says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are `` Chinese '' in their approach , as well as some ethnic-Chinese mothers who are not . -RRB-
Suppose the seller of a product knows more about its quality than the buyer does , or vice versa .
This time it is the buyer who knows more than the seller , since the buyer knows his risk behavior , physical health , and so on . The insurer faces `` adverse selection , '' because he can not distinguish between good and bad risks .
The borrower knows the risk is high , but tells the lender it is low .
In Akerlof 's example , the problem with selling a used car at an efficient price is not that no one knows how likely it is to break down , but rather that the seller knows perfectly well how likely it is to break down , and the buyer does not .
This is absurd ; every historian knows that there is no such thing as final historical truth .
LONDON -- Everyone knows that Greece will default on its external debt .
But as the current UN mission in Lebanon -LRB- UNIFIL -RRB- well knows , defending yourself is not the same as protecting yourself from hostile fire in the first place .
But when president and parliament are controlled by the same party -- Nicolas Sarkozy 's current situation -- the `` reserved domain '' knows , in practice , no limit .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
Of course , no one currently knows how to achieve sustainability at three -LRB- or more -RRB- times the size of the current global economy .
But even in hard times , every European knows deep down that European integration has delivered peace with clear prospects for broadening Europe 's zone of peace and stability .
Swayed by this logic , the US has pushed to accelerate delivery of aid -- a task it knows well how to achieve , having provided nine-tenths of all emergency relief money to Afghanistan even during the Taliban years .
Anyone even remotely familiar with the region knows how common is the phrase `` the Arab nation '' -LRB- watan -RRB- .
uncertainties associated with the massive corporate accounting and banking scandals , and the Bush Administration 's half-hearted efforts at reform , as a result of which no one knows what America 's corporations are worth ;
The typical American family knows that it is worse off today than it was four years ago , and appears unconvinced that the tax cuts targeted at upper-income Americans brought the benefits heralded by the Bush administration .
Within the United States , all major presidential appointments must be ratified by the Senate ; even if rejections are rare , the vetting process is important , for the president knows that he can go only so far .
China knows that it must change if it is to have sustainable growth .
In the midst of a crisis , no one knows how far an economy will drop or for how long .
But , since China knows that Ma is not advocating independence , they are able to countenance with greater equanimity his commitment to sustain the Republic of China on Taiwan .
South Sudan 's mineral wealth could also be substantial , though no one knows because exploration has been impossible for so long .
Bashir knows the tenacity and persistence of the SPLA .
Such a policy would stop trade between Iran and the EU in its tracks , and Ahmadinejad knows it .
Bossi now knows that the first two promises can not be kept . So he must deliver on the third , or the League will be gravely wounded .
But excessive pressure may only bring down the government of President Asif Ali Zardari , who is personally inclined towards rapprochement with India but who knows that every one of his civilian predecessors has been overthrown .
The fact is that India knows that war will accomplish nothing .
NEW DELHI -- The target date for fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals is 2015 , and the world knows it is not on course to meet those goals .
The regime knows that its survival depends on preventing economic collapse .
President Kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in him .
Many of Ukraine 's richest citizens , who gained their wealth through the crony capitalism that is the only way Yanukovich knows how to govern , remain unreconciled to Ukraine 's democracy .
Europe must send a clear signal that Ukraine , unlike Czechoslovakia to Neville Chamberlain in 1938 , is not some faraway place of which it knows little , but rather an integral part of the European project .
So Kuchma knows that he can not rely on handpicking his successor , as Yeltsin did in Russia .
Today , Pluto remains on the list of planets in science textbooks , and who knows how long it will take for it to be removed .
No one doubts that Jiang Zemin knows how to maintain an authoritarian regime .
The entire world knows the risk posed by a nuclear Iran : a drastically altered balance of power in the Middle East and Central Asia , with Iran able to exert far more regional leverage -- both overt and implicit -- than it now possesses in pursuit of its interests .
One of Hillary Clinton 's much-overlooked strengths is that she understands that , too -- and has demonstrated that she knows what it means .
I believe that Obama knows that Hillary realizes that conflict emerges from these problems , and that using military intervention without addressing them is merely the equivalent of throwing a blanket into a volcano .
Having begun , ever so carefully , to politically open his country , the King knows that he needs regional peace and a lowering of Islamic holy rage .
Saleh , who has been in power since 1978 , knows that his time is up . `` They are falling like leaves in autumn , '' he recently said of the regime 's defectors .
Since 2009 , the US has showered Saleh 's government with military aid . But the US knows that al-Qaeda is an enemy of convenience for Saleh , and that the danger to the US from post-Saleh chaos in Yemen is exaggerated .
But the US knows perfectly well that Al Qaeda is an enemy of convenience for Saleh and other American allies in the region , and that in many cases , terrorism has been used as a pretext to repress reform .
Yet globalization knows no limits , not even those set by the guardians of Islamic probity .
The Palestinian leadership knows that if Iran ever launches a nuclear attack against Israel , their people would suffer terribly as well .
Nobody yet knows what the political consequences of these economic changes will be .
Assad knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanon 's sovereignty and independence would make Syria 's return difficult -- and Assad , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less .
The PBC knows that rapid deterioration in America 's fiscal position and continual worsening in its external balance may create an irresistible temptation for the US to inflate away its debt burden .
Learned and deeply reflective , Obama knows that black Americans will view his visit to Ghana very differently than white Americans will .
Sachs knows the freebies to farmers guarantee gains in the short run , but he 's convinced that African villagers , once freed from `` the poverty trap , '' can thrive on their own .
While nobody knows exactly what this danger level is , it is clear where the alarm starts to arise .
