But knowing `` how '' Europeans work less is one thing ; knowing `` why '' Europeans work less than Americans is another .
When boundaries were negotiated for Three Parallel Rivers Park -- designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003 -- local authorities won a fight to exclude Tiger Leaping Gorge , knowing that a dam there would triple tax revenues .
A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , he soberly challenged Netanuyahu 's dangerous distortion of history .
Revealingly , the Vatican , knowing that it can not win , is currently campaigning strongly for mass abstention .
In Taiwan , outgoing President Chen Shui-bian is stirring the independence pot , knowing that the Olympic spotlight will limit Beijing 's ability to respond forcefully .
That question can not be answered without knowing definitively where Pakistan stands in regard to Islamist terrorism .
But , without a free press , and the right to vote , there is no way of knowing this .
But if the elites are hated for causing our modern malaise , the Muslims are envied for still having faith , for knowing who they are , for having something that is worth dying for .
In Israel , the educated Jewish activists who criticize Israeli abuses against Palestinians , the peaceniks who believe that negotiation is better than violence and that even Arabs have rights , are called , with a knowing sneer , `` beautiful souls . ''
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
It has n't been easy living without knowing who we are , and it became even more difficult to live this way as we watched our world crumble .
-LRB- There is no way of really knowing just how corrupt left-wing regimes in Cuba , Nicaragua , or Venezuela truly were , or are . -RRB-
The stakes of not knowing are very high .
So the headlines proclaim : `` Einstein was right after all , '' as though scientists should be compared as one would clairvoyants : Who is distinguished from the common herd by knowing the unknowable -- such as the outcome of experiments that have yet to be conceived , let alone conducted ?
The Internet 's Immune System NEW YORK -- Viruses , phishing , spyware , spam , denial-of-service attacks , botnets ... You have probably heard these words , and perhaps even suffered from what they signify , with or without knowing it .
Resolving Kosovo 's status is also a necessity for the province 's Serb minority , who continue to live in uncertainty , not knowing whether to look to Belgrade or Pristina for protection of their rights .
Global warming is only the tip of the iceberg towards which we are moving , knowingly , with eyes wide open .
Even scientists who frowned upon the Swedish committees ' limitations and sometimes odd choices nevertheless still nominated and lobbied for candidates , knowing that if successful , a winner can draw attention and money to a research specialty , institution , or national scientific community .
By contrast , the humanities and the natural sciences share a sense of reality that transcends time and place ; hence their common interest in a fixed `` human nature . '' This is tied to a way of thinking and a sense of knowing that is largely contemplative and sometimes even disempowering , as reality comes to seem to be whatever resists our concerted efforts at change .
Not knowing where the enemy is hidden within the civilian population , security forces retaliate indiscriminately .
But something else happened : society became more demanding , recognizing its own interests and knowing how to express them .
Despite all the stakeholders -- Pakistan 's army and government , as well as Western countries -- knowing the scale of recent army action in Swat and Buner , millions of innocent people were left to fend for themselves as bombs rained down on them from the sky .
The term `` West '' thus became , both unwittingly and knowingly , a synonym for advancement , culture , freedom and decency ; `` East , '' on the other hand , was reduced to a synonym for underdevelopment , authoritarianism and omnipresent nonsense .
We freely admit to not knowing everything about how a helicopter flies or a printing press prints , but we are not nearly modest enough about our ignorance .
When Leon Rozenblit and I uncovered the illusion and its specificity , we ran an extensive series of studies exploring why explanatory understanding is so vulnerable to a false sense of knowing .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
So those desiring a stronger integrated EU should be rooting for a French No , knowing full well that some voting No would be doing the right thing for the wrong reasons .
Outsiders find it difficult to compete when `` who gets what '' depends on knowing the right people .
How can President Sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
Indeed , to continue to fail the world 's at-risk children is to deliver a verdict of wanton inhumanity against ourselves , for we are a knowing party to an entirely preventable mass destruction of human life .
None of the other professions listed above , however , knowingly exposes its clients to a confirmed environmental carcinogen .
In democracies , we debate how much to spend on different initiatives , knowing that we do n't have infinite resources , and that sometimes throwing more money at the problem is n't the best answer .
It is , again , worse than we thought , and , despite our failing models , we will gamble on knowing just what to do : cut CO2 emissions dramatically .
Liberated from the complexity of knowing too much about the cruel past , the young people of Eastern Europe 's post-communist generation seem uninterested in what their parents and grandparents endured .
But Ozawa remains combative , hinting that the two sides are engaged in a grudge match -- and knowing that his faction can intervene through the ruling DPJ to shake up the personnel , budget , and operations of the prosecutor 's office .
Border guards , receiving no instructions and not knowing what else to do , opened them up .
Morally , this is no different from permitting the construction of an unsafe dam or knowingly administering a contaminated vaccine .
The US had no way of knowing whether the Russian government had been involved .
The North Koreans have violated their agreements , knowing that China , the country with the greatest potential leverage , is most concerned about regime collapse in North Korea , and thus the threat of chaos on its borders .
The English writer G.K. Chesterton once wrote , `` The disadvantage of men not knowing the past is that they do not know the present . ''
One could have predicted in advance of the recent boom how the 12 large OECD economies would rank simply by knowing the percentage of the population with a university degree , the OECD index of barriers to entrepreneurs , and the breadth of the stock exchange -LRB- measured by the market value of outstanding shares relative to GDP years before the boom -RRB- .
We need to recognize that what really matters is n't buying more and more consumer goods , but family , friends , and knowing that we are doing something worthwhile with our lives .
We can do it knowing that the great sweep of human history is for freedom - and that it is on our side .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
When the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in 1997 , Clinton did not even send it to the US Senate for ratification , knowing that it would be rejected .
Each country is interested in knowing whether its policies and institutions stack up against those of other nations in the capacity to achieve and sustain economic growth .
Why not just keep the fledgling epidemic under wraps and hope that it goes away without the world ever knowing ?
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
Arguably , the public has an interest in knowing if those who implement such policies are themselves paying for sexual services .
But does the legitimate interest in knowing more about a politician extend to details about personal relations ?
They are happy to vote , knowing that everyone else is voting , too .
PRINCETON -- Do we live in a world that was created by a god who is all-powerful , all-knowing , and all good ?
If God is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
Moreover , the assertion that our intelligence is puny in comparison with God 's presupposes just the point that is under debate -- that there is a god who is all-knowing , all-powerful , and all good .
This outcome is not , however , very different from natural conception , for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall , with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever `` pregnant . ''
So it seems unlikely that this up-front cash provided much of an incentive for the average CEO to knowingly take bad or excessive risks that would jeopardize their much larger equity stakes .
The consensus was that they hoped somebody would do it without their knowing about it .
It proceeded step by step , setting limited objectives with limited timetables , knowing full well that each step would prove inadequate and require a further step .
The EU has been built step-by-step , with its architects knowing in advance that each step was inadequate and that additional steps would be needed .
If skeptics are right , then we should accept that we will periodically be out of financial and fiscal balance without knowing it in advance .
Market participants , knowing this , would realize that inflation would not be sustained .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
Firms are in a far better position than consumers to assess the safety of their product ; we all benefit knowing that our legal system has provided corporations with incentives to pay attention to the safety of what they produce .
But why would anyone knowingly sell at a loss ?
While Dr. Krueger seems sympathetic to critics of the massive IMF bailouts of the Fischer era , knowing what you are against is insufficient .
On top of all this , Taiwan 's 22 million people go about their daily business knowing that thousands of Chinese missiles are ready to be launched at them at a moment 's notice .
A senior sports writer with a Kenyan daily paper recently told me that this time women seem to be interested in learning the rules of the game and knowing more about players and their positions .
`` How can we be expected to build the socialist economy , '' asked a Ukrainian peasant , `` when we are all doomed to hunger ? '' We now know , after 20 years of discussion of Soviet documents , that in 1932 Stalin knowingly transformed the collectivization famine in Ukraine into a deliberate campaign of politically motivated starvation .
Local banks and corporations would never again overborrow , knowing that no safety net would catch them when they fell .
In contrast , it might be more difficult for a migrant in a distant country to assess the extent to which family members back home , knowing that they can always rely on the remittances , are responsible for other forms of income loss .
But the data were not made available , because the interested parties were -LRB- and remain -RRB- afraid to share it , knowing full well what would be revealed .
