A couple of well-known opposition politicians , a chief minister and a federal cabinet minister of the previous pro-Musharraf government , were publicly thrashed , raising doubts about government control over law and order in the country .
Whether this American intelligence assessment is based on credible information is unknown .
The US , meanwhile , should end direct military strikes in the area , even if these are conducted with the knowledge and cooperation of Pakistan 's military .
But this inside knowledge also worked against the militants , because it demonstrated what was at stake for the country at large .
Because Syria 's rulers have neither the ability nor the know-how to produce such a vision , civil society has been granted some leeway for action .
This , together with the prominence of the advisory board -LRB- which includes well-known Egyptian sociologist Saad Eddin Ibrahim , French expert on political Islam Gilles Kepel , and Flynt Leverett , a Brookings Institution Fellow -RRB- and the sensitivity of minority rights in general , combined to give the Project national , regional , and international notice .
Still , to read the well-known names of commentators and policymakers who are recommending engaging Syria and\/or Iran is a testament to how inconsequential and cut off the Western powers have become from the realities on the ground in the world 's most turbulent region .
Lending to governments against the collateral of a port or railroad -- or the use of military force to secure repayment -- was not unknown .
Ahtisaari 's proposal is an acknowledgement that no agreement between the parties is possible , and that there is no constructive alternative to Kosovo 's independence .
Russia knows that such negotiations will be fruitless , but believes that another seemingly innocent appeal for more talks would strain EU unity , which appears to be a vital goal for Putin .
Indeed , any reasonable reading of the resolution -- especially in the context of the conflict-ridden Balkans over the past two decades -- would acknowledge that independence would satisfy the resolution 's intent and the purpose of sustaining UN supervision of the province for the past eight years .
Abbas -LRB- also known as Abu Mazen -RRB- represents the Old Guard of Palestinian politics .
These are not problems that can await resolution . Someone must decide soon , for example , about the division of the land and the apartments to be built in what is already known as `` Khalifa bin Zaid City , '' located on a former Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip .
Hamas knows this , and thus is focusing its attention on the Gaza disengagement , seeking to exploit this victory by demanding a share in the post-disengagement order .
Salafis , whose name is derived from the Arabic phrase for `` righteous ancestors , '' known as `` Salaf al-Salih , '' insist on a return to what they consider the purity of the practices of the first Muslims .
Proliferators must know that the NATO allies are unwavering in their commitment to collective defense , including nuclear deterrence .
The more that missile defense is seen as a shared security roof -- built , supported , and operated together -- that protects us all , the more people from Vancouver to Vladivostok will know that they are part of one community .
But if it is implemented , in 3-5 years Argentina will look exactly like the country we have always known : a largely closed economy that remains dangerously vulnerable to external shocks .
Little could he know how true his fantasy would just three decades later .
First , nobody knows how to explain or predict the short-term movements -LRB- from one day to six months , say -RRB- of exchange rates .
But knowing `` how '' Europeans work less is one thing ; knowing `` why '' Europeans work less than Americans is another .
One view is that Americans are perceived -LRB- and like to see themselves -RRB- as Calvinist workaholics , whereas Europeans like to think that they know how to enjoy life 's pleasures .
Today 's debates about growth in Europe are full of buzz words like `` knowledge-based society , '' `` technological progress , '' and `` investment in education . ''
But much of this discussion is merely a form of `` political correctness . '' It is more reassuring - and `` feels better '' - to tell Europeans that growth is sluggish because society is not sufficiently knowledge-based , rather than pointing to the trade-off between vacations and growth .
`` In 15 years , we got 200 million people out of poverty ; 700 million Chinese today have access to electricity , an unknown luxury 15 years ago .
It is probably bad in the short run , but who knows about the longer term ?
We do not know whether Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and\/or President Jacques Chirac called Berlusconi to suggest that he find a new Italian Commissioner .
Maybe they did , and maybe they did n't : one can not know , especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia .
Reasonable ways to measure corruption do exist ; we know which countries are more corrupt than others .
From my own long experience of negotiation , I know that talk of winners and losers is not just unhelpful , but misleading .
Because they know how supposedly `` innocent '' insinuations grow into accusations and that accusations can become discrimination and soon after legislation . It is then that hysteria is set loose .
I have known Blix for over forty years .
Annan rejected both demands , proposing that Dallaire make the informant 's identity known to Rwandan President Habyarimana , a Hutu , even though the informant had expressly named the President 's closest entourage as the authors of the genocide blueprint .
China follows the power game within the EU through its French friends , and therefore knows which governments need to be whipped into line .
Lantos knows about moral compasses : as a boy , he was rescued by Raoul Wallenberg from being deported to Auschwitz by the Nazis in Budapest .
This netherworld , patrolled and nourished by criminals who operate a vast black-market economy , has bred , in Mumbai , a community that has utter contempt for the state , because it knows that its survival depends on corrupting the police . Like underground magma , that underworld has now burst into the streets of Mumbai .
Because the denizens of this netherworld know neither patriotism nor morality , they are easily lured into partnership with terrorists , particularly when they have reason to feel aggrieved .
But we do know that at least 30 men armed with AK47 rifles and grenades held India 's business and financial center hostage , targeting both Indians and foreigners , particularly Americans and British .
All of them were members of the congregation of St. Nicholas in Pyzhi , whose archpriest , Alexander Shargunov , is a well-known radical fundamentalist .
A group of well-known nationalist intellectuals , including film director Nikita Mikhalkov , artist Ilya Glazunov , and writers Valentin Rasputin and Vasily Belov , weighed in with a petition calling the exhibition a `` new stage of conscious Satanism . ''
A deputy from the CHP , the staunchly Kemalist People 's Republican Party , Muharrem ?nce , who opposed the reopening of the Halki Seminary became angry . `` Do you know who most wants to open the seminary in this country , '' he loudly asked .
The Ecumenical Patriarch himself acknowledged in a recent interview that the AKP has shown goodwill on this issue . His All Holiness also said that the real obstacle is probably `` the deep state '' -- a reference to Turkey 's Kemalist state establishment that considers itself above any elected government and democratic law .
Russia 's burning summer of 2010 underscores something that political scientists everywhere acknowledge .
For example , we know that someone who smokes two packs of cigarettes a day is likely to have a serious problem with cancer some 40 years later .
And yet , what science knows is far too often overlooked when high-stakes decisions are made .
At first , people did not think of civil rights as they strove for such previously unknown comforts .
But in the world as we know it , relatively few people love and respect President Teodoro Obiang .
For example , the recent concept of `` European reinforcement of African capabilities in prevention , crisis response and conflict resolution '' -LRB- which is known as ` Recamp ' -RRB- openly calls for African ownership of this process .
Yet our modest ongoing endeavors in Congo ? a police advisory mission known as EUPOL and a defense reform mission called EUSEC ? and in Sudan , where 60 Europeans are providing staff support to the African Union 's AMIS II mission in Darfur , offer grounds for hope .
Foremost among the ESDP 's advantages is Europe 's cultural knowledge and understanding of Africa .
It is the knowledge , understanding , and mutual respect that remain , and that are the cornerstones on which Europe 's policy for Africa must be built .
Indeed , despite endemic social unrest , a large majority of Greeks acknowledges the need for change and does not oppose it .
ISTANBUL -- The reality of the world 's epic interdependence is well known .
Europeans prefer a more systematic reliance on the rule of law , and also on what has come to be known as the global public-goods paradigm .
We know that around one-third of cancers can be prevented .
Cancer should be acknowledged as a vital part of the global health agenda .
Because Europe has so many bodies that legislate - the Council of Ministers , the Council for Agriculture , the Council for Industry , the Council for the Environment , etc. - we can not know who is doing what and why .
As long as Gazprom remains opaque , Europe can not know whether its key supplier is spending enough to develop future reserves .
Because all EU governments know that , for the foreseeable future , Europe will be capable of only modest military operations there is no great value in defining now how the Rapid Reaction Force will be used .
Our vision is to turn Namibia into a knowledge-based , diversified economy by 2030 .
Many governments in Africa simply do n't have the capacity to negotiate complex contracts that require a wide range of in-depth knowledge of law , finance , geology , economic modeling , etc. , while firms typically do .
Progress is needed on emission-reduction targets and on sharing knowledge and technology more widely .
Neither of us knows how we survived this ordeal .
She knows that Brazil 's progress under Lula was supported by stable economic growth , higher social transfers to poor households through programs such as Bolsa Familia , and democracy .
We have an important role to play in advancing the principles of sound knowledge , quality decision-making , and transparency .
They must be built with the knowledge that no fence , wall , or even an ocean or a continent can truly divide us from the problems of others .
As Moussavi has readily acknowledged , neither he nor the other presidential candidate , Ahmad Karroubi , feels in charge by now .
Political regimes that rely on personal power , commonly known as dictatorships , prove to be fragile in crisis .
Deep down , they know there is no conspiracy .
Judge Guzmán also determined that the former dictator is not insane and knows right from wrong .
The West has known about crimes against humanity and terrorist plots committed by Qaddafi 's regime for decades , most notably the June 1996 Abu Selim massacre , in which more than 1,200 political prisoners were gunned down after protesting against prison conditions .
Arabs , of course , have known for years that their rulers were beyond reform .
Indeed , Egypt 's former Mufti , Sheikh Nasr Farid Wasil , has already declared Bin Laden a martyr , `` because he was killed by the hands of the enemy . '' -LRB- Sheikh Wasil , it should be made known , has no links or known sympathies for Al Qaeda and he represents a very different Islamic school of thought . -RRB-
Vendetta politics is not unknown in Libya , and , in an armed society comprising more than 120 tribes -- including around 30 with significant numbers and resources -- it can become extremely dangerous .
The Liberals make the sensible argument that anybody with a job should get a work visa , but that knowledge of Swedish be a citizenship requirement and that unemployed immigrants be barred from receiving social benefits for five years .
Instead of strengthening the government , he deprived it of his one of his best men , Dmitri Kozak , and appointed another unknown KGB man from St. Petersburg in his place . This is all harm and no cure .
So the Syrian leadership knows that it must respond -- hence the half-hearted reform agenda that it recently outlined .
The current regime in Syria , in its ruthless quest to remain in power , refuses to acknowledge peaceful protesters ' demands for freedom and dignity .
NAIROBI -- If you happen to be a salamander known as the Iranian Kaiser spotted newt , chances are that things may be looking up .
Those suggestions should be premised on a two level approach : first , the US , with UN support , should create a war crimes tribunal to judge Saddam and his top generals : they should know that come the day of reckoning , they will be hunted down like Milosevic and his minions .
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
Moreover , Abbas -LRB- also known as Abu Mazen -RRB- succeeded in getting the dozen or so Palestinian security services and militias under his control .
At the same time , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas -LRB- Abu Mazen -RRB- , who represents Fatah , which lost the January elections , has tried in vain to find common ground with Hamas through an ambiguous text known as `` The Prisoners ' Document . ''
Olmert , who stepped into Ariel Sharon 's shoes as leader of the new Kadima Party , was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian -- and later mayor of Jerusalem -- who was known more for his polemical style than for his political stature or gravitas .
The Jews -- then less than 20 % of British Palestine 's population -- set up what became known as the National Committee -LRB- Va'ad Leumi -RRB- , based on an elected body , the Representative Assembly of Palestinian Jews .
In 1993 , in secret bilateral negotiations in Norway -LRB- unknown to the Americans -RRB- , Israel and the PLO reached an agreement about mutual recognition and the creation of a provisional Palestinian Autonomous Authority .
Then came the bombshell : contrary to the conventional Kemalist view of the One and Indivisible Turkish Nation , Davutoglu referred to what everyone has known since modern Turkey was created : the country has more Azeris than Azerbaijan , more people of Albanian origin than live in Albania , more people of Bosniak origin than live in Bosnia , and more Kurds than in Iraqi Kurdistan .
It may be difficult to know , especially as the fundamentalist Hamas , now in control of Gaza , might be encouraged by the rising power of its parent organization in Egypt .
Skepticism is in order also with respect to the unknown consequences of Western military intervention in Libya : it may have been asked for by the Arab League and legitimized by the UN Security Council , yet the outcome is far from certain .
Anticipatory city planning , based on realistic demographic forecasts , patient registers , and health-information systems , as well as participation in urban health-knowledge networks , needs to be implemented .
While laws have changed , mentalities do not always follow at the same pace , and we intuitively know that it is easy to get psychology to mean a lot of things .
The IMF as Global Financial Anchor Today 's financial market turmoil has exposed weaknesses in the current global financial system , of which many were known but went unaddressed .
That analysis both anticipated and explained the combination of rising inflation and rising unemployment of the 1970 's that came to be known as `` stagflation . ''
The PiS captured the public media , the general prosecutor 's office was politicized , and , with the use of the media , was turned into a tool of party propaganda aimed at showing that Poland was ruled by malicious hidden forces , known as the uk?ad , which cheated Poles and kept them poor .
The Stressful Life of Laboratory Animals Research on animals is performed to gain more knowledge about diseases and how to cure them , and to evaluate drugs for toxicity before testing them on humans .
Gaining useful knowledge from animal research requires robust experimental findings : different scientists should be able to reproduce them in different locations .
Designing an environment to suit animals ' psychological and physiological needs would be far preferable to the minimalism , otherwise known as `` standardization , '' that is currently employed .
Both the welfare of research animals and the quality of the science would be markedly improved , leading to data that could be meaningfully applied to our quest for medical knowledge .
Unfortunately , political leaders know little about the scientific issues involved .
That nuclear fusion is a source of energy has been known since the invention of the hydrogen bomb .
Today , we are paying the price for not attending to Europe 's shared values and common mission . Until Europeans know precisely what Europe stands for , what inspires and motivates us , the Union will not be able to take joint action in the world .
It provides further guarantees that decisions will be taken by those closest to citizens , and it acknowledges the significance the values on which the Union rests : respect for human rights and dignity , liberty , democracy , equality , and the rule of law .
But now a renaissance of their mindset is taking place , as climate change becomes common knowledge .
I do not know what `` the progressive direction of advanced culture '' is , but advanced culture played no part in the CCP-inspired `` Wipe Out Poisonous Weeds Campaign , '' the `` Anti-Rightist Movement , '' or the `` Eliminate Demons and Evil Heresy Campaign . ''
Like a blade of grass beneath a stone , culture knows how and in which direction to seek light .
He has committed himself to the vision of a world free of nuclear weapons and acknowledges the link between nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament by the nuclear-weapon states .
The diagnosis is a familiar one known as `` the Dutch disease . ''
The ruling al-Khalifa family will not relinquish its power willingly . To preserve itself , the regime relies on imported security forces that are beholden only to the royal family . Drawn from Jordan , Pakistan , and Yemen , they are not reluctant to beat and kill protesters , for they know that any change at the top would mean defeat not only for the al-Khalifas , but for themselves as well .
The fate of the country may not hinge on Saleh , a crafty veteran who knows that his career is over .
This partly explains why Libyans are willing to embrace dissidents who lived abroad for decades , about whom they know little .
But support for the TNC is largely skin deep -- it is neither grounded in knowledge of how the opaque council functions , nor based on an understanding of its goals .
We also know that the Internet 's devastating impact on handfuls of young people is not confined to the Muslim community , as evidenced by the tragic events in Bridgend in the United Kingdom , where 17 young people , seemingly connected through the Internet , committed suicide .
In Muslim communities everywhere , there is a need to challenge this narrative by making known Islam 's theological repudiation of violence .
Islam 's interaction with European society sparked a flowering of knowledge , and large numbers of Muslims have inhabited the Balkans and eastern and central Europe for hundreds of years .
The Dalai Lama could cut down on foreign meetings and acknowledge that , despite China 's general emasculation of intellectual and religious life in Tibet , some aspects of Tibetan culture -LRB- like modern art , film and literature -RRB- are relatively healthy .
As anyone who has worked in Tibet recently knows well , this was an inexactitude : since at least 1996 , all Tibetans who work for the government and all Tibetan students in Tibet have been forbidden any Buddhist practice , even though it is illegal under Chinese law to stop people from practicing an official religion .
Instead , bringing together outside expertise and local knowledge of the geography and environmental and economic constraints in order to spread risks and share the management of resources and projects is far more likely to help poor countries achieve food independence .
The Paracetamol Dilemma WELLINGTON -- Paracetamol -LRB- known as acetaminophen in the United States -RRB- is one of the world 's most commonly used drugs .
The authors emphasised that causality could not be established from a retrospective study of this design due to the numerous potential biases that may confound the association . For example , it is known that viral respiratory tract infections in infancy such as respiratory syncytial virus -LRB- RSV -RRB- are associated with an increased risk of asthma in later childhood and that paracetamol use for such episodes could have caused confounding in the study .
They recommend that in children their use should be restricted to situations of high fever , obvious discomfort , or conditions known to be painful .
This raises well-known questions about democracy and private power , but another important question is often overlooked : who should decide for a publicly traded corporation whether to spend funds on politics , how much , and to what ends ?
While the targets of these organizations ' spending are disclosed , there is no public disclosure that enables investors in any public corporation to know whether their corporation contributes to such organizations and how much .
Investors deserve to know .
Lax corporate governance rules are not generally the result of a lack of knowledge by public officials .
The freedom to time the moment they cash out enables executives to use the special knowledge they have about their companies to sell before a stock-price decline .
When boundaries were negotiated for Three Parallel Rivers Park -- designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003 -- local authorities won a fight to exclude Tiger Leaping Gorge , knowing that a dam there would triple tax revenues .
The International Monetary Fund provided an emergency credit line to support the currency , the World Bank coordinated the relief effort -LRB- much of it financed by the United States and the EU -RRB- , and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development used its knowledge and resources to lead the effort to save the financial system .
Confucian scholars such as Jiang Qing openly acknowledge that their interpretation of Confucianism most closely parallels socialist ideals : not the `` actually existing socialism '' in today 's China , but the socialist ideals defended by Karl Marx and others .
Bashar may lack his father 's acumen , but he , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
An Israeli-Syrian peace deal is strategically vital for both sides , and both sides know it .
We now stand at the end of the peace process as we have known it .
Today , at long last , everyone knows what is meant by `` land , '' and everyone knows what is meant by `` peace . ''
This , and the indirect negotiations with Israel that are now underway in Turkey -- which Assad knows can not produce major results , given Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's political weakness and Bush 's lame-duck status -- have helped to open for Syria the gates of Europe , where he had also once been a pariah .
Netanyahu knows that the daunting task of maintaining Israel 's relationship with the US is as much a vital strategic necessity as it is a compelling domestic requirement .
Netanyahu also knows that the Arab side 's failures have nurtured radical Zionism .
The potential for export of nuclear material and know-how by countries such as Pakistan -- and perhaps one day Iran -- is also a matter of concern for Israel .
Any sober Palestinian leadership must know by now that the rhetorical promise of a return to an abandoned house and to the olive tree is an irresponsible mirage that fundamentally contradicts the rationale for a separate Palestinian state .
A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , he soberly challenged Netanuyahu 's dangerous distortion of history .
The 2.5 million Southern Sudanese known to live in the North are under explicit instructions by the South 's Sudan People 's Liberation Army to boycott the referendum , as the SPLA has grounds to believe that Bashir would use their registration to rig the results in favor of unity .
Any government that recognizes the Palestinian state would inevitably view that act as the end of the peace process , and neither Europe nor the US would include in the package any acknowledgement of the Palestinian right of return to areas lost to Israel in 1948 .
Either way , we stand at the end of the peace process as we have known it to date .
A plan that almost certainly would have to satisfy Israel 's security concerns and lean toward acknowledging its Jewishness -- in a way that might entirely neutralize the Palestinian ethos of return -- would be especially unpalatable to them .
And , with the Kurdish problem as alive as ever , the Turks also know only too well that upheavals in neighboring countries can spill over into Turkey itself .
America has always known that the Middle East 's problems are interconnected , but for years it got its priorities wrong , because it failed to see that if there was an Archimedean point to the Middle East problem , it was to be found in the Palestinian issue , not the `` War on Terror , '' Iraq , or the need for Arab democracy .
He has finally acknowledged the failure of the `` road map , '' and hence the need to skip interim stages and move directly to a final settlement between Israelis and Palestinians .
Second , the EU is building its crisis management know-how on the basis of a global approach .
The EU also suffers from a well-known lack of capacity in strategic air transport , in-theater air transport , and combat support .
Formal complaints to the justice ministry and the national bar association were n't even acknowledged , let alone answered .
Wen Jiabao , China 's Premier , acknowledged last year that protests in the countryside were caused by `` some localities -LRB- that -RRB- are unlawfully occupying farmers ' land '' and promised `` effective legal services and legal aid so as to provide effective help to people who have difficulty filing lawsuits . ''
Within Christianity , for well-known historical reasons , Protestantism has had a comparative advantage in adapting to pluralism .
Moreover , several EU directives acknowledge the interest of the country where financial transactions -LRB- such as life insurance contracts -RRB- are carried out by allocating to it jurisdiction over such transactions .
He asked Castro three questions : 1 -RRB- Did you know ? 2 -RRB- If so , what did you recommend ? 3 -RRB- What would the consequences for Cuba have been ?
Americans may differ about what policy should have been pursued in Iraq , but they know that their country can not run from its role as a world leader responsible for developments in North Korea , the Middle East , Pakistan\/India , Taiwan , and elsewhere .
In only a few decades , computer technology and the Internet have transformed the core principles of information , knowledge , and education .
Search engines are the single most powerful distribution points of knowledge , wealth , and yes , misinformation .
For example , when a computer encounters the word `` bill , '' it would know that `` bill '' has 15 different meanings in English .
Building an ontology encapsulating the world 's knowledge may be an immense task , requiring an effort comparable to compiling a large encyclopedia and the expertise to build it , but it is feasible .
Given humans ' limited reading speed -LRB- 200-300 words per minute -RRB- and the enormous volume of available information , effective decision-making today calls for semantic technology in every aspect of knowledge refinement .
We can not afford a future in which knowledge is at the mercy of popularity and money .
Indeed , even under the Constitutional Treaty , all states know that their partners have the express right to withdraw if they should ever become sufficiently disenchanted or come to look upon the EU as a bad bargain .
In addition , the prospect of a democratic Russia eventually joining Nato might be openly acknowledged .
European governments know this .
Yet even the most enthusiastic advocates of military action against Iraq have to admit that such steps carry considerable risks , and no expert on the region I know shares the view , popular among arm-chair orientologists , that a change of regime in Baghdad will usher in a period of peace and stability all over the Middle East .
In fairness , it should be acknowledged that it was under Schroeder that Germany shed hesitations to deploy soldiers abroad .
While even a major air attack would fall short of destroying all of Iran 's nuclear installations and , moreover , leave the technical know-how intact , it might at least slow down the program for a while and serve as a warning to other potential proliferators .
Moreover , we know from experience elsewhere -- and now in China itself -- that as growth accelerates , political aspirations are aroused .
Bankers were once supposed to know every borrower , and to make case-by-case lending decisions .
Bank lending and regulation , by contrast , must incorporate local knowledge , because , in a dynamic , unregimented economy , each borrower , loan , and bank is different -LRB- though some general guidelines can help -RRB- .
Hours later our military informed me that armed conflict was underway in Iraq . `` Yes , I know , '' I said . `` I 've been watching the bombardment on TV . ''
Twelve years later , Poland 's Prime Minister did n't need a belated call from his military to know that war was underway in Iraq .
Ukraine , reasonably enough , wants this agreement to be accompanied by an acknowledgment of its European destiny , and by clear steps towards reciprocal visa-free travel .
Such an acknowledgement could be seen as formal recognition of the fact that membership of the EU remains a long-term option for Ukraine .
NIS , Serbia -- The influence of diet on health has been known since the Ancient Greeks .
Such trials eliminate the problems of participants ' dietary record and controls the effects of both known and unknown confounding factors .
In fact , the amounts of antioxidants that lend protection are not known and probably differ among individuals .
Results of ongoing clinical trials and further studies are required to improve our knowledge .
In the meantime , we know that antioxidants can cause unwanted health consequences .
In the longer term , we also need technologies such as carbon capture and storage -LRB- CCS -RRB- , expanded nuclear power , and new generations of solar energy , together with the development of technologies whose potential or even existence is still unknown .
But leaders , struggling to cope with this challenge even amidst economic crisis , need to know that there is also `` a way . ''
Deregulation also leads to economies of scale , lowering prices even further , as we all know when shopping at the hypermarket rather than the corner grocery store .
There are still land mines , from unknowable credit default swap -LRB- CDS -RRB- positions to hidden losses on balance sheets , but the worst days of frozen money markets and obscene risk spreads are probably over .
This reality has taken a while to sink in , and a number of parties on the left still can not bring themselves to acknowledge the constraints imposed by market forces .
They know all too well that the old nemesis , `` capital , '' has become difficult or impossible to expropriate , yet they remain unready or unwilling to deliver the news to their constituency .
This new techno-market system is shaped and characterized by a belief in the increasing importance of knowledge , new ideas , innovations and new technologies , and a higher pace of what the economist Joseph Schumpeter famously called `` creative destruction . ''
Such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce , instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the West , lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge , and endemic discrimination against women .
Green Papers , as they are called in Europe , or White Papers , as they are known in America and Britain , are often mere rhetorical essays -- government-backed studies that state broad principles unlikely ever to be applied in practice .
On March 24 , 2010 , what all observers of European affairs have long known will be written in stone : the EU failed to attain the targets for economic growth , efficiency , and modernization set ten years ago in Lisbon .
Beyond that , who knows ?
We know that the road to the heart of Al Qaeda now leads to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas -LRB- FATA -RRB- in Pakistan .
These leaders already know the tribal chiefs , spiritual leaders , and tribal customs and codes .
They also know who the enemy is and can play a role in isolating militants from local people .
As the sociologist Norbert Elias put it : `` The spectators of a football match can enjoy the mythical excitement of battles taking place in the stadium , and they know that neither the players nor they will suffer any harm . ''
Here is a man who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next-door neighbor .
Until recently , Royal -- who now is merely the head of one France 's 22 regional governments -- was best known as the non-married partner of François Hollande , the Socialist Party leader .
No one knows her opinion on the Middle East , terrorism , nuclear deterrence , and international security .
The fight against female genital mutilation is not a replay of the West 's ` battle of the sexes ' circa the 1960s ; rather , it is a struggle against the fear of unknown enemies ; against fear of change and the opportunities and contexts that arrive in the wake of change .
In other words , they react to their being considered and treated like some `` unknown other . ''
It is time to acknowledge that the `` war on drugs '' is lost -- indeed , a monumental failure -- and that hostilities should end .
For years , Iraq has only known the brutal laws of force and intimidation .
Years of studies , and the passionate pleas of patients worldwide , are finally opening the way to a technique -- somatic cell nuclear transfer , also known as `` therapeutic cloning '' -- that may bring about epochal changes for the health of us all .
The petition , initiated by Luca Coscioni Association , an NGO devoted to the promotion of the freedom of scientific research , called on governments to reject prohibitions in favor of `` rules that protect the right to life and health by ensuring freedom of research , choice , and knowledge . ''
As we know , science and religion offer different answers .
They know all too well that whenever a secular and scientific debate has been permitted and encouraged , the general public -- regardless of nationality and religious or political affiliation -- has overwhelmingly expressed itself in favor of stem cell research .
Revealingly , the Vatican , knowing that it can not win , is currently campaigning strongly for mass abstention .
Illicit Afghan networks , replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world , are mobile and resourceful , and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves .
But I continue to have faith that the General Assembly will know , as always , how to meet this challenge .
I know that this is not exactly a new lesson , but it is what I have in mind when I think of efficient multilateralism . Not only does it work , but , above all , in some cases , it is the only way of moving forward .
The Chávez government has also been successful in its efforts to reduce poverty , as the World Bank has acknowledged : since 2000 , the percentage of poor households has fallen from 40 % to 21 % , and the rate of extreme poverty has dropped from 20 % to 8 % .
It would be useful to know the answer to this question before trying repeatedly to pump up the economy in the short run with costly policies that might worsen longer-run prospects .
Russia wants to know where the Union will stop .
Indeed , what is most ominous is that extremists realize this more clearly than the moderate , silent majority , who find the noise irritating but do not know how to start a serious dialogue .
Today 's laws , however , allow only universities and industry , which supply basic knowledge and technology , to profit from their contributions ; patients , who supply tissue , may not be compensated .
Moreover , the model is unwise to the extent that tissue donors could block the development of knowledge and applications .
It may be unwise , though , because the knowledge and applications over which they retain control may have implications for other diseases .
The world already knows of China 's success and its attractiveness as a destination for foreign investment , but few outsiders have seen firsthand the steep price the country is paying for its new prosperity .
What we do know that Chinese officials have never faced a challenge of this scale with such a potential to both win and lose face .
In Taiwan , outgoing President Chen Shui-bian is stirring the independence pot , knowing that the Olympic spotlight will limit Beijing 's ability to respond forcefully .
Most of Nigeria 's problems are well known .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Obasanjo found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , Yar ` Adua , a little-known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor .
Only Umaru Yar ` Adua 's doctors know for sure how sick he is .
America and China now live with a kind of mutually assured economic destruction , and both presidents know it .
China 's leadership , for its part , will want to know why free-market champions in Washington are threatening more protectionism .
When Congress takes up the debate over climate change , for example , and some lawmakers call for a cap-and-trade system , others will demand to know why America should accept binding commitments to limit emissions while the Chinese refuse .
Both governments know the stakes are too high for both economies , and Obama and Hu will continue to work hard to try to keep things moving in a constructive direction .
We knew that the tinder was dry , but we could never know how or when , exactly , it would combust .
A few weeks ago , a previously unknown organization called `` The Martyr 's Brigade '' claimed credit for attacks on Delta pipelines , raising concerns among multinationals that mercenary resistance in the region is becoming ideological .
American troops will eventually leave Iraq , and all the relevant parties -- the Maliki government , Shi'a militias , Sunni insurgents , Iran , and Iraq 's Sunni Arab neighbors -- know it .
Military leaders know this , and the threat that they will eventually push him aside will plague his presidency well into next year .
The generals know that another coup would further weaken the military 's popular standing -- as well as Pakistan 's relations with the US -- at a moment when Bhutto and Sharif have raised expectations at home and abroad for a permanent return to civilian rule .
To preserve the appearance that their meddling is benign , senior military officers probably know that they can not afford to install another general as president .
Turkey 's government knows that any move to shut down the 600-mile pipeline from Kirkuk to Turkey 's Mediterranean port at Ceyhan would have little near-term impact , since most of Iraq 's oil exports flow from the south , hundreds of miles from the country 's border with Turkey .
Such talks , Turkey fears , would offer tacit acknowledgement that Iraqi Kurds have won a degree of autonomy from Baghdad .
In 1974 , I published a paper entitled `` The genetics of Caenorhabditis elegans , '' also known as the nematode .
Yushchenko 's recent moves in both politics and economics suggest that his instinct for self-preservation knows no limits .
The other faction was rooted in nineteenth-century `` know nothing '' populism , with its flights of nationalist hysteria , defense of traditional prejudices , and resentment of intellectual and economic elites .
I have met with dozens of Sudanese politicians and diplomats , and I know that the regime in Khartoum is authoritarian , self-interested , and ruthless .
None of the ticks is known to carry Lyme Disease , which has never been reported in Costa Rica .
But some of the ticks are closely related to known carriers , and thus are potential carriers themselves .
But , relative to our overall knowledge of biodiversity , we have documented less than 10 % of the world 's pathogens .
Nevertheless , most resources are still being allocated for responses to known EID 's rather than to assessing the risk of potential EID 's .
These two problems pose far greater dangers to the existing states than does any -LRB- largely fabricated -RRB- Israeli threat , and the region 's rulers know it .
Yet , however high the price of a global bail-out , we know one thing : it pales next to the enormous costs -- and profound human consequences -- of delaying action on climate change .
In Poznan , developed and developing nations must find a shared vision of how this will work , striking a deal whereby rich countries lead by example in cutting emissions while providing the developing world with resources and know-how to ramp up their own climate change efforts .
All that was necessary to challenge the world 's mightiest power , after all , was a disgruntled US Army intelligence analyst , some hacking knowledge , a few computers , and a handful of determined activists enrolled under the contested banner of transparency .
In factories as well , Party bureaucrats wanted to know everything and decide everything .
I know that we have come a long way , and I do not want to go back .
Indeed , given competition from low-wage economies such as Bangladesh and Cambodia , Pakistan should abandon its focus on textiles altogether and expend much greater effort to develop its knowledge-based industries .
Some 800 liberal and Sufi Islamic scholars have died in targeted killings by extremist groups who receive financial assistance from like-minded people in the Middle East , and some well-known and much-visited Sufi shrines have been bombed .
The Indian leader , whom I have known for years , had said that he wanted better relations with Pakistan as one his legacies .
That question can not be answered without knowing definitively where Pakistan stands in regard to Islamist terrorism .
Did the army , or senior officers , know that Bin Laden was living in their midst ?
In answering these questions , it would be helpful to know if the Pakistani intelligence community provided any aid at all to the US effort to locate Bin Laden 's hideout .
But answers will emerge as more details about the operation become known .
What is known is that Bin Laden 's demise came at a moment when relations between the CIA and Inter-Services Intelligence , Pakistan 's intelligence agency , had sunk to an all-time low .
After the identity of the CIA 's station chief in Pakistan was exposed -LRB- probably by Pakistani military officials -RRB- , America made it known that it had good evidence that a prominent Pakistani journalist was ordered murdered by ISI .
Liberty and Music NEW YORK -- North Korea , officially known as the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , is one of the world 's most oppressive , closed , and vicious dictatorships .
When the Stones themselves finally performed in China , in 2003 , they agreed to cut some of their racier numbers from the program , because , as their local promoter put it , `` They know there are differences between Chinese and Western cultures .
The host , interviewer , and main commentator was Victor Trujillo , better known as Brozo the Clown , adorned with a green wig and a red rubber nose .
While staid TV pundits ask the usually vapid questions during presidential debates in the United States , candidates know that the really important thing is to get laughs on the comedy shows of David Letterman or Jay Leno .
We know what happened when the twin pulls of blood and soil determined European politics before .
The so-called `` Munich Agreement '' would come to be seen as an abject betrayal of what Chamberlain termed `` a far away country of which we know little . ''
And yet , there is something odd about the European mania for a black American politician , even as we all know that a black president or prime minister -LRB- let alone one whose middle name is Hussein -RRB- is still unthinkable in Europe .
In their hearts , most Europeans know this .
Cheney was better known as a ruthless bureaucratic operator than a man of bold ideas .
Precisely because Jews are relatively unknown , therefore mysterious , and in some way associated with the West , they become an obvious fixture of anti-Western paranoia .
But the very ideas that helped them to survive continue to muddle the thinking of people who really ought to know better by now .
But , without a free press , and the right to vote , there is no way of knowing this .
Young people do n't know , because most parents have shut up about it , lest they get themselves and their children in trouble , and because the subject is never mentioned in the official Chinese media ; it is a taboo . Websites mentioning the events of 1989 are closed down .
The students on Tiananmen Square could not have known what was going on inside the closed Communist regime .
There were serious splits , but no one could have known exactly what the end results would be .
What are opposition candidates to do when they are asked to take part in elections that they know they can not win , or that , even when they can win , will give them only minimal authority ?
We now know that the professor had broken into his own home , with the help of his chauffeur , because the door was jammed .
Most people in the US know that if you talk back to the police , they will get nasty very fast .
One thing to be learned , if we did n't know this already , is how close racial sensitivities are to the surface of US life , despite the election of a black president .
If the same thing had happened to an unknown man in Harlem , or some other poor , or predominantly black district , no one would ever have heard about it .
Indeed , we do n't even know for certain whether this was such an instance .
The girl was a known blackmailer , and she died of causes that had nothing to do with her sex life .
Twenty years on , we know this was not to be .
But if the elites are hated for causing our modern malaise , the Muslims are envied for still having faith , for knowing who they are , for having something that is worth dying for .
The late Rinus Michels , also known as `` the General , '' coach of the Dutch team that narrowly lost to Germany in the 1974 final , famously said , `` Football is war . ''
On one occasion , in 1969 , a football match between Honduras and El Salvador actually led to military conflict , known as the Soccer War .
The History Man President George W. Bush is not generally known for his firm grasp of history .
The Tea Party movement -- an economic agenda for the rich masquerading as the salvation of God-fearing white Americans -- knows that all too well .
As a result , the utterly powerless , hitherto quite obscure Liu Xiaobo , has become not only world famous , but much better known inside China , too .
A few decades ago , it was Japan that thought it was going to be Number One , and its businessmen , politicians , and bureaucrats were not shy about letting the rest of the world know .
This is why anyone , even a relatively unknown intellectual like Liu Xiaobo , who challenges the legitimacy of Communist Party rule by demanding multi-party elections , must be crushed .
Israeli students were the first to organize a protest , known as the Sheikh Jarrah Solidarity Movement . They were followed by distinguished professors , famous novelists , and a former attorney general , among others .
Even if most Israelis never see a roadblock , the security wall , or forcible evictions , the habit of looking away , not wishing to know , is a form of corruption .
If Kan did n't know , how could anyone else ?
Indeed , Japan 's powerful bureaucrats , normally assumed to know what they are doing , appeared to be as helpless as elected politicians .
We know that Hitler did intend to destroy every last Jewish man , woman , and child .
A War on Tolerance AMSTERDAM &#45; &#45; When `` tolerance '' becomes a term of abuse in a place like the Netherlands , you know that something has gone seriously wrong .
In Israel , the educated Jewish activists who criticize Israeli abuses against Palestinians , the peaceniks who believe that negotiation is better than violence and that even Arabs have rights , are called , with a knowing sneer , `` beautiful souls . ''
The common man , rooted in the real world , supposedly knows better : uncompromising toughness , the hard line , is the only way to get results .
The Western democracies , as most historians now acknowledge , played a comparatively minor role in the great military struggle .
Very few people in the Vatican -- indeed , in Europe at large -- had any real knowledge in those days of the vast industrial might of the United States .
And even those who did know something about American power , doubted that the Americans would accept the dangers and expense of defending Europe against Communism after Nazi Germany was defeated .
He did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known .
There is no way to know what will happen in North Korea when Kim dies .
In any case , sustainable medicine acknowledges that rationing is and always will be a part of any health care system .
But , to be fair , rationing requires the knowledge and general consent of all who are subject to it .
The government forcibly rescheduled the public debt holdings of these funds , known locally as AFJP .
A criminal law that makes it preferable for carriers of HIV not to know that they are infected and capable of spreading it to others , including their loved ones , seems particularly suited to Mr. Bumble 's condemnation .
This popular misconception springs , at least in part , from the fact that women are more likely to know their HIV status because they are routinely tested for HIV at maternity clinics when they seek pregnancy tests or examinations .
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
Open , informed discussion of the HIV epidemic , education into HIV prevention , distribution of condoms , and other strategies are the only known way of preventing new infections .
Even when the frequent appearance of asset-price bubbles was acknowledged , most believed that efforts to detect and prick them at an early stage would be impossible -- and potentially harmful .
Nevertheless , the same thing occurred with the first and second volumes of The Argentines , another look at our history by Jorge Lanata , one of Argentina 's best known journalists .
It has n't been easy living without knowing who we are , and it became even more difficult to live this way as we watched our world crumble .
Militant Palestinians and Lebanese know that a captured Israeli soldier or civilian is either a cause of conflict or a valuable bargaining chip for prisoner exchange .
The general parameters of a long-term , two-state agreement are well known .
No religions that we know of explicitly promote child marriage .
A Decade of Hugo Chávez SAN JOSE -- We should have known that something was amiss when , during President Hugo Chávez 's inauguration on February 2 , 1999 , he swore on Venezuela 's 40-year-old Constitution by declaring it `` moribund . ''
Under `` the moribund , '' as the Constitution came to be known , Venezuela not only had eight peaceful presidential transitions , but also enjoyed the fruits of democratic pluralism and strong civil and political liberties .
Nor was Serbia guilty of complicity , because , though it exercised considerable influence over Mladic and his people , it did not know , at the moment when the genocide was taking place that such a crime was being committed .
But , while this is a compelling argument , those who know modern prisons recognize that many inmates are not susceptible to improvement -- a fact that can not be attributed only to conditions of detention .
Flawed International Justice for Sudan Those who follow events in Darfur closely know very well that Sudan 's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir leads a group of political and military leaders responsible for the serious and large-scale crimes against Sudanese citizens that the country 's military forces , with the assistance of paramilitary groups and militias , commit every day in the region .
The Wolf that Ate Georgia FLORENCE -- In Phaedrus 's well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb , the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word , but prefers to set out his `` reasons . ''
Italian society 's tacit acceptance of such behavior has become more openly acknowledged in recent years , thanks perhaps to Berlusconi and his vast media holdings .
Since the 1990 's , his channels broadcast `` Big Brother '' and Italian variety shows dominated by male comedians , musclemen , and scantily clad young girls , popularly known as `` veline . ''
Exponents of the Northern League , such as MEP Mario Borghezio , MP Roberto Cota , and Senator Federico Bricolo , are well known for their xenophobic statements in Parliament , particularly against those from non-EU countries .
But in other cases , opposition to America 's preferences is wrought by public sentiment and goes against the instincts of leaders who know better .
The extremely tight race -- Calderón won by 0.5 % of the vote -- and the profound disappointment suffered by López Obrador and his supporters led them to contest the ruling of Mexico 's electoral authorities , and to refuse to acknowledge Calderón 's victory .
The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls `` comprehensive immigration reform '' and what in Mexico is commonly known as `` the whole enchilada . ''
Their removal , as everyone in Mexico acknowledges , is a sop to the PRI and the PRD in exchange for Calderón 's miserly tax reform .
It should n't , and if anyone should know that , it is Calderón .
Confidential papers from the Bush and Fox administrations show that talks went further than previously known .
In 1953 , Fidel Castro , in what is probably the best-known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him .
Only then we will know if the trade-off at least made sense , even if for many it was unacceptable : authentic social justice and progress in exchange for authoritarian rule , international ostracism , and a cultural desert .
So is the almost tearful acknowledgement by Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez 's ideological guru , Heinz Dieterich , that `` Chávez 's speech on the FARC -LRB- calling on it to abandon armed struggle and free its hostages -RRB- is the equivalent of unconditional surrender to Washington 's hemispheric ambition . ''
At least since December 1956 , when Fidel and Raúl Castro , together with a young Argentine doctor , later known as Che Guevara , sailed from Mexico 's port of Tuxpan to Cuba and into history , the region has seen innumerable attempts by small left-wing revolutionary groups to take power through armed uprisings .
Yes , they are divided , unpopular , and devoid of international representation , but the ups and downs of guerrilla warfare are well known ; the only truly dead guerrilla fighter is one who is buried .
At this stage , we know that free-trade agreements are useful , but are not silver bullets .
The issue is all the more painful and disappointing since most Latin American foreign ministries know full well that these attitudes are pure politics , nothing more .
Elected with 35 % of the vote , he lacked a majority in Congress , and the opposition refused to acknowledge his victory .
The Cuban presence also remains strong , although the recent political purges initiated by Raúl Castro make it difficult to know who exactly is working for whom .
We will know soon .
Everyone could claim victory , and no one was obliged to acknowledge defeat .
Fidel Castro knows this , and will take advantage of the democracies ' diluted commitment to human rights and democracy .
Chávez knows that his personal security depends on the permanent protection of the Cuban intelligence services .
But , just as Chávez is worried about rumblings and dissidents in Cuba , the island 's leaders are concerned about the news from Caracas ; they know they can not survive without Chávez 's oil and subsidies .
Brazil 's success is also well known .
MEXICO CITY -- When the United Nations voted for what was known as partition and created the State of Israel 64 years ago , subsequently granting it full membership , several Latin American countries -- Brazil , El Salvador , Argentina , Colombia , Chile , Honduras -- abstained , or , in the case of Cuba , voted against the relevant resolutions .
Mexico abstained on partition , though it voted in favor of admitting Israel to the UN a few months later , and subsequently recognized the Jewish state , acknowledging that its national interest was best served by not taking sides in the Middle East imbroglio .
-LRB- There is no way of really knowing just how corrupt left-wing regimes in Cuba , Nicaragua , or Venezuela truly were , or are . -RRB-
But we have long known that coronaviruses can cause dreadful diseases in domestic animals .
Veterinarians and farmers have long known of a coronavirus that can kill 90 % or more of young pigs .
Less well known is the fact that cats and dogs are infected by a coronavirus that can also cause disease in pigs .
Human SARS might never have spread to the extent that it did -LRB- killing 800 people and devastating economies -RRB- if the problem had been openly acknowledged , with the World Health Organization involved from the outset .
We do know that metastasis is a very inefficient process , with most cancer cells that escape into the blood stream failing to form metastatic tumors in distant organs .
Our knowledge of the regulation of tumor dormancy is really in its infancy .
But , given the growing numbers of cancer survivors , the need for this knowledge is becoming more pressing .
We have much to learn , and at this stage do n't even know all of the questions to ask .
Shock and sadness remain with us , but there is also a determined sense that we face challenges - as individuals and as a civilization - that were unknown a year ago .
Research on pain is progressing on many fronts . Perhaps the most challenging is that of understanding how the brain integrates sensory , emotional , and cognitive processes when an injury occurs to form the complex bodily awareness that we know as pain .
This is a sensible goal , and one India 's leaders will acknowledge as in their country 's interest .
Cubans are known for managing humor in the worst situations .
Even World Bank president James Wolfensohn acknowledged in 2001 that Cuba had done a `` great job '' on education and health care .
The trick for an immigrant is to always buy cheap , because he never knows how long it will be before a car breaks down .
But the risks that seaside reactors like Fukushima face from natural disasters are well known .
The breakthrough in hunting him down came only after the US , even at the risk of rupturing its longstanding ties with the Pakistani army and ISI , deployed a number of CIA operatives , Special Operations forces , and contractors deep inside Pakistan without the knowledge of the Pakistani military .
The first official acknowledgement that China was turning the Varyag into a fully refurbished , deployable aircraft carrier came this month , just when it was almost ready to set sail .
And the acknowledgement came from General Chen Bingde , the chief of the People 's Liberation Army , in an interview with Global Times , the Communist Party 's hawkish mouthpiece .
It was known that Gwadar , which overlooks Gulf shipping lanes and is near the Iran border , would eventually double as a naval base .
Individuals can still be held in unacknowledged detention for up to 18 months .
Rather , it comes from the way in which the know-how that China has gained in fashioning domestic cyber oversight is proving invaluable to it in its efforts to engage in cyber intrusion across its frontiers .
`` People seem to be fairly sure it was the Chinese , '' he said . Officials in Germany , Britain , and the US have acknowledged that hackers believed to be from China also have broken into their government and military networks .
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation .
Just as some Chinese pharmaceutical firms exported to Africa spurious medicines with `` Made in India '' labels -- a fact admitted by the Chinese government -- some Chinese hackers are known to have routed their cyber intrusion through computers in Russia , Iran , Cuba , and other countries .
In other circumstances , it may be prudent to avoid revealing how much -- or how little -- is known about a given situation .
As an official of Kenya 's Child Welfare Society concedes , `` There is little we can do to help when a child is ill-treated unless the case becomes known to us or to the police . ''
Working children are entitled to something better , regardless of whether they know it .
India needs to know if Musharraf is sincere .
Increasing knowledge of human genetics , for example , led to attempts to reject criminal responsibility , based on the inappropriate belief that genes predetermine actions .
Not included is the cost of other improvements needed to encourage children to attend school , such as meals , tuition subsidies , and more effective , dynamic , and knowledgeable teachers .
Ensuring high-quality education for all children requires an open discussion of educational goals , an international commitment to improving its effectiveness and economic efficiency , recognition of the need to extend secondary education to all children , and acknowledgment of educational diversity and the need to adapt aid policies to local contexts .
But who can reasonably claim to know what shape the EU will need to take to meet the challenges of the next 50 or 100 years ?
Similarly , women know that they are usually paid less and have less chance for professional advancement than men .
Our new NATO membership sounds great , but we really do n't know why .
Entering NATO marks a formal acknowledgement that Romania -LRB- or Bulgaria , or Hungary , or Poland for that matter -RRB- is surrendering its claims to unlimited sovereignty , and to all the dreams of grandeur that go with it .
He announced that he had hired Eyal Arad , a well-known Israeli spin-doctor , to run his presidential campaign .
Tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
Reforms are needed if Europe really wants to become a competitive , knowledge-based economy , and not merely the most regulated one .
In 1926 , V. I. Vernadsky similarly acknowledged the increasing impact of mankind on '' -LRB- t -RRB- he direction in which the processes of evolution must proceed , namely towards increasing consciousness and thought , and forms having greater and greater influence on their surroundings . ''
We know when , where , and to whom Mladi? issued the kill order .
We know that a Serb truck driver rescued a boy who survived a firing squad and , crying for his father , crawled from a twisted scrum of bodies .
We know that a Serb officer defied Mladi? and refused to order his men to partake in mass murder .
French identity , for example , is based on the country 's unique brand of republican secularism , known as laïcité .
If a relatively well-off and religious country known as the `` land of smiles '' can so rapidly degenerate into bloody class warfare , what would happen if the Chinese Communist Party lost its monopoly on power ?
At least in part , it has been known to seek weapons of mass destruction .
Mr. Blair knows all this , which is why he has hinted more than once that he has put his political career and his position as Prime Minister on the line .
Her knowledge was based on Finnish foreign office records .
Do n't we know from past evidence that Saddam Hussein was prepared to develop WMD 's and to use them if the occasion presented itself ?
But today we know that this is only a dream .
I have often wondered why Karl Popper ended the dramatic peroration of the first volume of his Open Society and Its Enemies with the sentence : `` We must go on into the unknown , the uncertain and insecure , using what reason we have to plan for both security and freedom . ''
The truth - to quote Popper again - is that `` we must go on into the unknown , the uncertain and insecure , '' come what may .
More frequently , uncertainty leads to someone claiming to know how to eliminate it - frequently through arbitrary powers that benefit but a few .
They know that ultimately we all must rely on our own initiative and effort , and they make use of the opportunities of open markets .
Germany 's Five Election Unknowns
On September 18 , Germany will hold an election that contains at least five unknowns .
The first unknown is why the election is taking place at all .
The second unknown concerns what , exactly , separates the major parties in this contest .
The third unknown is the performance of the Left Party , a new formation positioned to the left of the SPD and built on East Germany 's ex-communist PDS , with the addition of a significant number of dissident Social Democrats in the West who proclaim themselves to be defenders of the welfare state .
The fourth unknown is therefore what the next government will actually do .
This underscores the final , and deepest , unknown concerning the upcoming election : who will put a confused and directionless Germany back on a road to initiative and growth ?
Even then , we know from history that it takes but one Enabling Law to unhinge the rule of law and replace it by an ideological tyranny , as happened when Hitler came to power in Germany .
I do not know how many Islamic leaders preach murder and mayhem in mosques and help recruit suicide bombers from among their congregants ; but even if it is only a handful , they pose a question that must be answered .
Who knows ?
The mother of parliaments itself , the British parliament at Westminster , frequently cuts short debates by a procedural device known as the `` guillotine , '' so that important legislation , like the current Asylum Bill , remains largely undebated in the House of Commons .
They take place in remote and often unknown places .
Disconnection is the beginning , followed by the belief that one is the only person who knows what is right and good .
What exactly are we doing if we insist on Turkey 's acknowledgement that the Armenian genocide did take place as a condition of its membership in the European Union ?
In Europe , the Vatican lobbied for acknowledgement of God in the preamble to the proposed European Constitutional Treaty .
Proud Germany , the inventor of the modern university system as most of the world currently knows it , now sees its students ranked at the bottom in tests of knowledge and competence .
While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional `` penny in the pound '' -LRB- i.e. , 1 % of tax -RRB- of income tax to keep higher education going , most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons .
But this scientific hierarchy is false and misleading : we now know that biology contains more mathematics than we ever imagined .
Economists argue that the correct measure of an economy 's productive base is wealth , which includes not only the value of manufactured assets -LRB- buildings , machinery , roads -RRB- , but also `` human '' capital -LRB- knowledge , skills , and health -RRB- , natural capital -LRB- ecosystems , minerals , and fossil fuels -RRB- , and institutions -LRB- government , civil society , the rule of law -RRB- .
The decline has occurred because , relative to population growth , fixed-capital investment , knowledge and skills , and improvements in institutions have not compensated for the degradation of natural capital .
In short , we know that up to some unknown set of limits , knowledge , institutions , and manufactured capital can substitute for natural resources , so that even if an economy loses some of its natural capital , in quantity or quality , its wealth would increase if it invested sufficiently in other assets .
But there are limits to substitutability : the costs of substitution -LRB- including human ingenuity -RRB- often increase in previously unknown ways as key resources are degraded .
But EU leaders have yet to admit what everybody knows : that Europe 's population is not just ageing , it is starting to decline , and is likely to decline steeply in coming decades .
In fact , no one knows whether Tony Blair will seek to join the Euro , let alone win a referendum on it .
On the contrary , everyone knows that Lionel Jospin 's government pursued a slow , covert process of privatization and liberalization , because such a process is unavoidable in today 's global economy .
These fears incite anger and xenophobia , even though everyone knows that globalization can not be conquered by kicking out foreigners .
For the past 50 years , the EU was largely able to count on a benign partnership with the US in a multilateral context ; that assumption no longer holds , even if we do not yet know the extent of America 's new unilateralism .
Everyone knows that a much larger EU must be more integrated politically if it is not to grind to a halt through sheer weight of numbers .
This system is known as Qualified Majority Vote .
Everyone knows that reform of the farm policy is overdue by several decades ; and reform means cutting farm subsidies .
Eight years on , Europe knows better .
During his ten years in power , Blair and his Chancellor of the Exchequer , Gordon Brown , gave Britain one of the longest periods of economic stability , relatively high growth , and low unemployment that it had ever known .
Of course , as we now know , WMD were never found , and , worse , evidence came to light showing that Blair was aware that the Bush administration was committed to regime change , regardless of their existence .
These dangers were predictable , and the world now knows that the war has proved a terrible failure of American strategy , and may yet have even more catastrophic consequences .
One of Blair 's character flaws is self-righteousness , an excessive confidence -- perhaps an extrapolation of his Christian faith -- that he knows what is correct , and is therefore entitled to act accordingly .
I have no first-hand knowledge of the legislative process in the United States .
They are not normally allowed to own stock in financial firms -LRB- at least in the jurisdictions that I know -RRB- .
We now know that some of these market emperors had no clothes , and that their activities , far from benign , could result in severe financial instability and generate serious losses for taxpayers , not to mention precipitating a global recession .
The scale of these costs is unknown , but the share prices of the banks that could be affected -LRB- Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland in particular -RRB- rose when the report was published , suggesting that they are not as high as had been feared .
Dimon , the Chairman and CEO of J.P. Morgan , has been making his contrarian views known to regulators , most recently almost coming to blows , according to eyewitnesses , in a spat with Governor of the Bank of Canada Mark Carney , who chairs a group that is designing parts of the new regime .
The stakes of not knowing are very high .
Like many other people , I tend to believe that anyone paid more than me is prima facie over-rewarded , but I know this is not the most rigorous test I could apply .
We just do n't know yet whether the crisis will cause another reversion to the mean , but some downward adjustment looks likely .
When anyone I do n't know says `` trust me '' -- an irritating conversational tic -- I usually close my wallet .
Politicians acknowledge , in their more rational moments -LRB- yes , they have them -RRB- , that they ca n't be trusted with the interest-rate weapon , especially as an election approaches .
The world now knows that Axel Weber , the president of the Bundesbank , voted against it .
In theory , we have always known that the ECB would , if necessary , make decisions on the basis of majority rule .
They acknowledge that in some circumstances intervention , or at least the readiness to intervene , may be effective , but only if a number of associated conditions are met .
Military strategists have known for centuries that there is , and can be , no final science of war .
In a real struggle over things that actually matter , we must assume that we are up against thinking opponents , who may understand some things about us that we do n't know about ourselves .
The truth is that such models are most useful when they are little known or not universally believed .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
Moral hazard , we thought , could safely be ignored , because it is `` moral , '' which , as every true scientist knows , just means `` imaginary . ''
A promise of something that we should know can not be guaranteed is also known as a lie .
Instead , we should be attacking known environmental carcinogens -- not just tobacco , but also radiation , sunlight , benzene , solvents , and some drugs and hormones .
America 's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirm that children 's blood today contains dozens of chemicals that did not exist two decades earlier , including many gene-damaging compounds known to cause cancer and a host of other diseases .
Why should it be considered witty to celebrate the uselessness of knowledge ?
These jokes all seem to rely on the same assumption : everyone thinks that knowledge , especially scientific knowledge , should be useful .
So it 's funny to boast that one 's own brand of knowledge , whether experimental physics , mathematics , or cosmology , is useless .
But the joke would n't work if there were not at the same time another widely shared assumption that scientific knowledge has a value independent of any practical use .
Science from this perspective is about natural philosophy , an enterprise that seeks to acquire deep understanding of the world regardless of whether that knowledge can be put to use .
Pure science , as the name suggests , is presented as the `` real thing , '' untainted by practical considerations and rooted in properly conducted empirical and theoretical investigation of nature . Applied science takes the knowledge provided by pure science and puts it to work .
If we could acknowledge that , we would n't be joking about it .
Indeed , the impact of intelligence on mortality rivals well-known risk factors for illness and death , such as high blood pressure , being overweight , high blood glucose , and high cholesterol .
Finally , we know that how intelligent we are and how long we shall live are caused by both environmental and genetic influences .
Once we know that , we will be able to share and apply that knowledge with the aim of achieving optimal health for all .
We need to know how significant financial resources will be generated to help developing countries both limit the growth of their emissions and adapt to the effects of climate change .
The United Nations acknowledged better results from the `` Plan 600 '' in El Salvador than from programs for lower-ranking combatants , which lacked such support .
The team will also need `` promoters '' in these locations , with public-relations expertise and technical knowledge of the country and the clusters .
Finally , the team will need local `` service providers '' with technical knowledge of specific clusters to support foreign investors once they have located in the country , thereby ensuring that they remain and expand .
First , the advent of global communications meant that ideas invented or found or applied in one part of the world could be quickly made known to and adapted in other parts of the world , rather than waiting decades or centuries to percolate across the oceans .
These are problems that we have long known how to solve .
We should bear in mind this constraint on economic knowledge as the global drive for fiscal austerity shifts into top gear .
Unlike economists , biologists , for example , know that every cell functions according to instructions for protein synthesis encoded in its DNA .
The question that will be a mystery to them is why so many economists of our day did not know how to say : `` supply and demand , supply and demand . ''
Britons , as Osborne knows , are willing to lend to their government on an enormous scale -- and on terms that are more generous than those on offer from the IMF .
Economists today know a great deal more -- albeit not as much as we would like -- about how monetary , banking , and fiscal policies affect the flow of nominal spending , and their findings are the topic of a great deal of open and deep political and public intellectual discussion .
BERKELEY -- The central insight of macroeconomics is a fact that was known to John Stuart Mill in the first third of the nineteenth century : there can be a large gap between supply and demand for pretty much all currently produced goods and services and types of labor if there is an equally large excess demand for financial assets .
Moreover , the government officials , lobbyists , and interest groups doing the designing may not have the public interest in mind -- or even know what the public interest happens to be .
For Summers , the problem is that there is so much that is `` distracting , confusing , and problem-denying in ... the first year course in most PhD programs . '' As a result , even though `` economics knows a fair amount , '' it `` has forgotten a fair amount that is relevant , and it has been distracted by an enormous amount . ''
One factor behind slow post-financial-crisis recovery is that nobody knows how the division of labor will be rearranged .
But right now we know a lot about that .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
Nobody knows whether the debt-ceiling tripwire will be evaded ; if so , how ; or what will happen if it is not .
Frankly , no one knows what legislative deal will be struck to raise the debt ceiling .
All we know as of this writing is that a deal would probably involve cuts in near-term spending , meaning weaker growth and higher unemployment over the next 18 months .
I do not know by how much this extra risk will impede the growth of the US and global economies .
BERKELEY -- When the European Central Bank announced its program of government-bond purchases , it let financial markets know that it thoroughly disliked the idea , was not fully committed to it , and would reverse the policy as soon as it could .
But everyone in the financial markets knows that the EFSF has insufficient firepower to undertake that task -- and that it has an unworkable governance structure to boot .
We know that sooner or later they will stop believing these stories , and we know what will happen when they do .
We do not know , but we do know that it will .
Similarly , we do not know when world trade in information services like form processing , accounting , and customer service will truly boom as a result of the Internet and the fiber-optic cable .
On the Republican side , hacks , spin masters , and many people who ought to have known better suddenly developed an extraordinary appreciation for something called the `` CPS Household Survey of Employment '' as a supposed guide to month-to-month changes in the labor market .
Democrats , for their part , pretended that the tax cuts had already harmed the economy , when they ought to know that the greatest damage is still to come .
Those of us who know that long-run fiscal imbalances are likely to end in disaster -- high inflation , deep recession , financial crisis , or all three -- scratch our heads in bemusement at the priorities of George W. Bush and his administration .
The problem is that private insurance markets do not work well when the buyer knows much more about what is being insured than the seller .
· Maximizing economic -- and also social and cultural -- contact between rich and poor nations is the best way we can think of to aid the flow of knowledge about technology and organization , which is the last best hope for rapid world development .
Maximizing economic , social , and cultural contact between rich and poor remains both the best way to aid the flow of knowledge and the last best hope for rapid world development .
But , all these years later , I have yet to meet anyone who knows what they are talking about who is prepared to defend Kyoto as a substantive global public policy .
But our chances of ensuring a more sustainable world would be higher if we had not allowed ourselves to be blinded for the past decade by the combination of the public-relations stunt known as the Kyoto Treaty and the idiocy-as-usual known as the Bush administration .
Last week , Peggy Noonan , a speechwriter for both President Reagan and the first President Bush declared in the Wall Street Journal that had she known what George W. Bush 's fiscal policy would be , she would have voted for Al Gore in the 2000 presidential election .
Others -- especially managers of financial assets -- are becoming increasingly convinced that economists do n't know very much , and that what they do know is of no use to traders like themselves .
There are also well-known examples of highly corrupt union pension funds , such as the one bilked for years by the leadership of the Teamsters .
Of course , the Washington Post 's journalists know , on some level , that they were being unfair to Mankiw .
There was , Friedman believed , something intrinsically bad about government commanding and ordering people about &#45; &#45; even if the government did know what it was doing .
I do not know whether Keynes or Friedman was more right in their deep orientation . But I do think that the tension between their two views has been a very valuable driving force for human progress over the past hundred years .
Thus , all across the North Atlantic core of the world economy , central banks have embarked on a `` transparency '' initiative to make their organization 's goals , guesses , procedures , and policies more widely and clearly known .
They are relying on economists ' basic predisposition to believe that more information is always better than less , that individuals are good judges of what they need to know , and that they are able to evaluate and place in perspective what they know .
More information may be leading not to better knowledge , but to more confusion .
Why were so many people in financial markets so sure that the Fed 's late-March meeting statement heralded a likelihood of interest-rate hikes soon , rather than being simply an acknowledgement -LRB- as the Fed explicitly stated -RRB- that what had been very unlikely was now a possibility ?
So we really do n't know whether we should tell central bankers to brush up on their Greenspanese .
It was the summer of 2000 when I began asking Republicans I know -- generally people who might be natural candidates for various sub-cabinet policy positions in a Republican administration -- how worried they were that the Republican presidential candidate , George W. Bush , was clearly not up to the job .
Bush knows his strengths and weaknesses , they told me .
To cause a significant current evil in order to avoid a possible future danger when our knowledge is limited and our judgments uncertain is , Greenspan believes , unwise .
I can not judge the strength of these factions , or whether they know that the falling US current account deficit and dollar may lessen the urgency of adjustment in the rest of the world , but not in China .
We know the consequences : McCain 's fiscal policy is likely to be standard Republican fiscal policy -- and since 1981 , standard Republican fiscal policy has increased the ratio of gross federal debt to GDP by nearly 2 % per year .
But we all know the outcome : while international capital flows soared , the large net flow of capital from rich to poor countries simply never materialized .
That 's a hard question , and I do n't know the answer .
But the people in New York and London who set interest rates know little about Brazil . They know that Ipanema is a beach , that the Amazon is a river , that ex-US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill worried that money loaned to Brazil would re-appear in numbered European bank accounts , and that Lula is a president without administrative experience who heads a party with `` workers '' in its name .
Since 2004 , I have been saying that the situation , once it started , would probably become clear within a year : we would know whether the global economy would right itself or begin a downward spiral .
You can argue that the corporate executives have expertise and knowledge that allows them to commit the funds they control to higher-return projects than are available in the stock market .
This consensus is almost always qualified by declarations that the United States has been well served by its Federal Reserve chairmen since at least Paul Volcker 's tenure , and that those of us who have not sat in that seat know that we would have made worse mistakes .
On Wicksell 's definition -- the best , and , in fact , the only definition I know of -- the market interest rate was , if anything , above the natural interest rate in the early 2000 's : the threat was deflation , not accelerating inflation .
Bernanke 's deep knowledge of the Great Depression and of financial crises is exactly what America -- and the world -- needs in a Fed chair now .
And when it does , risk tolerance collapses : everybody knows that there are immense unrealized losses in financial assets and nobody is sure that they know where they are .
But if you ask the same question of a modern macroeconomist -- for example , the extremely bright Narayana Kocherlakota of the University of Minnesota -- you will find that he says that he does not know , and that macroeconomic models attribute economic downturns to various causes .
That is , downturns are either the result of a great forgetting of technological and organizational knowledge , a great vacation as workers suddenly develop a taste for extra leisure , or a great rusting as the speed at which oxygen corrodes accelerates , reducing the value of large things made out of metal .
Ed Prescott of Arizona State University really does believe that large-scale recessions are caused by economy-wide episodes of forgetting the technological and organizational knowledge that underpin total factor productivity .
-LRB- I know ; I find it incredible , too . -RRB-
Everybody knows that there are immense unrealized losses in financial assets , but no one is sure that they know where those losses are .
The Harvard economist Robert Barro , writing in The Wall Street Journal , recently made an intelligent argument against America 's fiscal stimulus . After wading through the drivel of ethics-free Republican hacks and knowledge-free academic hacks who claim , one way or another , that the basic principles of economics make it impossible for government spending decisions to alter the flow of economic activity , reading Barro comes as a great relief .
But they are intended to underline what many people in Europe know very well , which is that the speed with which problems concerning international development and conflict are growing easily outpaces the EU 's policy responses so far .
Education is by far the most profitable investment Europe can make , so it should be launching its most ambitious strategy ever to create a new knowledge dynamic and employment inside the EU while helping to expand greatly education in the world 's poorest countries .
Providence , R.I. -- China is now celebrating the 30th anniversary of the period officially known as `` reform and opening . ''
Indeed , what the West calls the `` Asian financial crisis '' is known in Asia as the `` IMF crisis . ''
Most importantly , European statesmen , who know in their hearts what is required , must show the courage and the wisdom to lead .
Or is it that we have become so inured to bad news surrounding the war on terror that we have no desire to know more ?
But this aspiration will remain elusive without acknowledging the sad fact that most Americans remain woefully ignorant about the basic facts of Islam , and about the broad geographic and cultural diversity of Muslim cultures .
It would be politically lethal to acknowledge the real state of affairs , even if the official policy merely increases the chances that Europeans , after all their efforts , still may not understand each other .
Light from distant exploding stars revealed that an unknown force -LRB- dubbed `` dark energy '' -RRB- more than outweighs gravity on cosmological scales .
But he later dropped the modification , known as the `` cosmological term , '' calling it the `` biggest blunder '' of his life .
So the headlines proclaim : `` Einstein was right after all , '' as though scientists should be compared as one would clairvoyants : Who is distinguished from the common herd by knowing the unknowable -- such as the outcome of experiments that have yet to be conceived , let alone conducted ?
Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone can not be decisive , as there are other dimensions of power - so-called `` soft power '' - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace . These dimensions include international legitimacy , values -LRB- including tolerance -RRB- , and public opinion .
Finally , Council meetings should be open when legislative matters are at stake , so that citizens can know who voted for what and according to which criteria .
Genetic Property Rights on Trial LONDON -- In early February 2010 , a United States federal district court in New York began deciding a landmark case as to whether individuals have a `` right to know '' about how their own genomes can dictate their future health .
We know that from such cases as that of John Moore , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
How can a commercial firm not only deny me the right to know my own genetic profile unless I pay their fee for the diagnostic test , which might be fair enough , but also to prevent any other firm from offering me a similar test unless those firms pay it a license fee ?
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran , US surgeon-general from 1936-1948 , when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing . So , too , she found , was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment .
The US prosecutors at Nuremberg did n't know about the Guatemala experiments , so there 's no allegation of deliberate hypocrisy .
During a major meningitis epidemic in northern Nigeria in 1996 , the drug company Pfizer supplied doctors with the oral antibiotic Trovan , which the firm wanted to test against the most effective known drug , Ceftriaxone , as a `` control . ''
This procedure is consistent with the general consensus in research ethics that the control group must receive the best-known treatment for comparison .
In his March 2008 briefing to the UN Security Council , Gambari reported that his most recent visit to the country was `` frustrating '' and acknowledged that no tangible progress was made .
Only two recent American presidents have had the courage needed to shun appeasement : Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush . America 's critics may quibble over the details , but in our hearts we Europeans know the truth , because we saw it first hand .
Simple computer programs can compare two or more strings of these units and evaluate degrees of similarity , search huge databases to match new sequences against known ones , and cluster groups of sequences in the form of a family tree .
By the time the Human Genome Initiative was launched at the end of the 1980 's , the amount of data was no longer the limiting factor in the development of new knowledge ; suddenly , managing it was .
Turkey is on a path to a dramatic financial crash that risks throwing the country out of its precarious political situation and into the unknown .
So the IMF is at a cross roads , it is weak in leadership , weak on economics knowledge at its top , weak in the support it gets from its member countries .
In any case , it is unlikely that Mr. Koizumi will get the chance to pursue the 5 or 10 year program of reform necessary to return the Japanese economy to normal growth . It will take that long , we know , from America 's experience in the 1980s .
Policy responses to such economic shocks may be better nowadays than they were during the Great Depression -- for example , we know not to embark on a trade war should the Yen crash -- but no one knows how long and painful the process of correction will be .
For all the good news about Mexico 's infant democracy , its president is beginning to justify the early fears about him : no vision , no Congress to work with , and no team that knows what to do .
As with the Nazis , the study of modern terrorism began from the starting position that a single disposition -- known in the literature as the `` terrorist personality '' -- characterizes most or all terrorists .
What we know about the mindset of terrorists tells us that they are mostly not deranged or insane , but have acquired a different set of beliefs and been exposed to social conditions very different from our own .
Arguably , our knowledge of the factors that led to the July 2005 bombings in London , for example , is still far less impressive than our ignorance .
Almost a decade into a free trade agreement that institutionalized integration , most Mexicans still do n't know how to behave toward Americans .
They do n't know whether to love them or hate them , support them or denounce them , foster a close relationship or remain distant neighbors .
Vicente Fox will have to acknowledge these differences and work with them .
Nine countries are known or believed to possess them , and all are improving them in various ways .
Instead , what is now known as `` Hamilton 's Rule '' states that altruism evolves whenever r times b is greater than c. In other words , if enough relatives receive benefits from altruism to outweigh the cost of altruism , then altruism spreads ; otherwise , it does not .
While bilateral trade has increased and diplomatic relations have strengthened in the past few years , a lack of knowledge persists between the two regions , and in some cases tensions are growing .
They are not directly censored , but they operate under the chilling knowledge that they can be shut down on vague charges at any moment .
Right now , a genome is akin to a novel written in an unknown language .
With enough data , we can then figure out that the same `` disease '' is in fact a variety of different disorders , some susceptible to particular known treatments and some susceptible to others or simply incurable .
We do n't know why , but the correlation is clear .
But the genomes mean little without the corresponding medical records , just as the Russian novel -- in any language -- means little without a corresponding knowledge of Russian history .
But it is hard not to be optimistic about our increasing medical knowledge .
The challenge five years from now will be to turn all that knowledge into practice through better preventive measures , better drugs , and better care .
It is easy to believe something when someone who appears knowledgeable asserts it .
Or is he simply biased because of the people he knows , the company he works for , or the attitudes he picked up at home ?
Rather than stand on the sidelines and proclaim censorship evil , it is picking its way through the landmines in China -- competing with a politically well-connected rival and politely letting its users know that they are n't always getting the whole picture .
In short , Google is changing expectations about what people can know -- even in the United States , where formal censorship is absent , but government obfuscation , opaque corporations , and the like are not .
Moreover , in countries where Google is criticized for blocking access to information , it points out the information 's absence when something is blocked -- letting people know that it exists but that they ca n't have access to it .
People should know what their officials are doing , what their government 's policies cost , who pays for them , and who benefits .
The CIO also needs to take a serious look at information security -- in conjunction with the CIOs of other countries -LRB- since cybercrime knows no borders -RRB- .
Unlike the drug trade , legalization would not make much of the problem go away , but the issue is similar , because economics plays a much bigger role than is generally acknowledged .
If we know how sausages are made , should n't we also be able to find out how laws are made and enforced , and what the government officials whose salaries we pay do with their time ?
The Internet 's Immune System NEW YORK -- Viruses , phishing , spyware , spam , denial-of-service attacks , botnets ... You have probably heard these words , and perhaps even suffered from what they signify , with or without knowing it .
The challenge is to acknowledge the costs -LRB- as we are now doing with pollution -RRB- and assign them to people who can -- and can be compelled to -- pay for them .
But for Uribe 's consensus to outlast him and become a truly viable model for the continent , he knows that he must win the hearts and minds of Colombia 's disaffected rural population .
Likewise , in Muslim countries , it is not unusual for engineering professors to denounce Darwin as a fraud , and many well-known doctors argue that modern technological and scientific developments are prefigured in the Koran .
Traditionally , Muslim scholars achieved status by mastering socially useful knowledge , which was Islamic law . Today , however , applied science is also useful knowledge for the modern world .
Dell did n't ask : `` Would you prefer the old versions of the operating system and MS Office that you know how to use ? ''
So our VP got a shiny new computer that he did n't know how to use : functions were rearranged , and keyboard shortcuts were different .
If Microsoft 's new software had to compete successfully at least against its old software , we would know the world was improving .
Since the 1970 's , Latin American countries have experienced , on average , 1.6 balance of payments crises per decade ; some of the better known include the Mexican crisis of 1994-95 , the Brazilian crisis of 1999 , and the Argentine crisis of 2001-2002 .
We may not want politicians to be driven by self-interest , but we need to acknowledge that they have selves , which are formed by a multitude of factors -- and passions .
Big ones have their own seats , while smaller ones represent groups of countries , known as `` constituencies . ''
German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's constituents hate bailouts , because they know that it is they who will be doing the bailing .
They know that debt default would be disruptive .
They have social responsibilities , and they know it .
German leaders must acknowledge that their country 's banks are dangerously exposed to the debts of the eurozone periphery .
The other fashionable policy idea that will ultimately prove impractical is to transform the IMF credits known as Special Drawing Rights into an international currency to rival the dollar . The problem is that SDRs are used neither to settle cross-border transactions nor as a unit in which to denominate international bonds .
This encourages stakeholders to deny , rather than acknowledge , problems .
Banks would be spared having to acknowledge losses .
This special accounting treatment could then be phased out over time , requiring banks to acknowledge their losses , but only once they were able to do so .
It then accepted Greece into its monetary union with full knowledge that its fiscal accounts were not worth the paper they were written on .
EU leaders need to acknowledge this reality before it 's too late .
Economists are trained to worry about this problem , known as moral hazard .
They should acknowledge that the only entity with the capacity to stabilize the situation is the European Central Bank .
Sympathizers acknowledged the contradictions of a system in which a national unit is used internationally .
As a matter of simple arithmetic , we know that the rest of the world is running correspondingly smaller surpluses .
That China is now acknowledged as a co-equal means that it will not stand in the way of further cooperation .
Countries putting money on the barrelhead want assurances that their resources will not be used frivolously , and they want to know that they will be repaid .
So , even those who find the economic logic of arguments for fiscal activism compelling must acknowledge that the politics are not supportive .
But the fundamental consequences of the upcoming referendum for Europe need to be clearly impressed upon Irish voters , so that no one can later claim that they did not know what was at stake .
As everyone who has ever had an unpalatable job knows , shutting off the alarm and pulling the blanket over one 's head is not a solution .
My sense is that politicians will opt for a weak variant of greater fiscal union , but that , ultimately they will fail to execute it for the eurozone as we know it today .
Had the ECB known this at the start of Europe 's debt crisis , it might have resisted taking so many risks with its balance sheet and reputation .
Moreover , they know from experience that there are no easy and immediate solutions to the West 's debt overhang and structural impediments to growth .
If the Greeks can not see that , their partners must let them know that there is a price for their obstructive behavior .
That is nonsense , and Russia knows it .
We know to day the cause : the secret protocol to the Treaty of Non-aggression between the Soviet Union and Nazi-Germany , signed in 1939 -- the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- defining the spheres of interest of the two dictatorships in eastern Europe which led to the war with Finland , the occupations of the Baltic countries , the assault on and division of Poland , and probably also the occupations of Norway and Denmark .
But too many people still have difficulties with acknowledging this pact for what it really was .
Of course , Russia knows this .
They needed to know what had happened before they could try to get on with their lives .
Now survivors at least know that the dead are dead .
President Chirac 's self-appointed role as an expert in diplomatic good behavior can not be taken seriously , even by those of us who know -LRB- and love -RRB- France .
It all began last autumn when German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , desperate to hold on to power , made Iraq an issue in the German election campaign . He played on Germany 's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings .
They know that President Ahmadinejad is reckless , irresponsible , and inattentive to their day-to-day needs . ''
They know their public , a self-styled melting pot of peoples , would rather fight dictators than brothers and cousins abroad .
As George H.W. Bush declared , `` We know how to secure a more just and prosperous life for man on Earth : through free markets , free speech , free elections , and the exercise of free will unhampered by the state . ''
Unfortunately , it is unknown even to neighbors as close as the Scandinavians .
Two better-known memorials in Moscow and St. Petersburg consist of granite stones taken from Solovki .
According to Gleb Pavlovsky , the Putin regime 's leading ideologist , the current Russian system is perfect in all respects but one : it does n't know its enemies .
Yet their regime is in crisis , and they know it .
We do not know what will happen next .
Calling for a `` contextual '' and `` causal '' view of history , he acknowledges the Stalinist terror but interprets it as a response to the extraordinary need to defeat Nazism .
But the truly important part of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was its Secret Protocols , which divided Europe into two imperial domains , Stalin 's and Hitler 's , without the consent -- or even the knowledge -- of the nations consigned to them .
We know now -- with multiple revelations about human error and system breakdown on both the American and Russian sides during the Cold War years and since -- that even the most sophisticated command and control systems are not foolproof .
We know that some of the newer nuclear-armed states start with systems much less sophisticated than these .
And we know that , across the spectrum of sophistication , the risk of destabilizing cyber attack beating cyber defense is getting ever higher .
The messages must be stark : nuclear weapons are not only the most indiscriminately inhumane weapons ever invented , but the only ones capable of destroying life on this planet as we know it .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and his colleagues know perfectly well that UN recognition by itself will not deliver an end to occupation and the full realization of a sovereign Palestine .
The first reason is concern that Israel will perceive the existence of one or two Iranian bombs as an existential threat , demanding a pre-emptive military attack -- with or without US support , but in either case with resources that Iran knows it can not match .
Fourth , Iranians acknowledge that any regional hegemony bought with nuclear weapons is likely to be short-lived .
What credence can the responsibility to protect have when we know that however bad things get in Tibet , Xinjiang , or the Northern Caucasus , military action against China or Russia will always be off limits ?
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
The trick is to know how and where to set boundaries that concede neither too much nor too little to those with a vested interest , for good reasons or bad , in avoiding scrutiny .
The problem is not that negative things are said behind closed doors -- as one leader famously responded to an apologizing Hillary Clinton , `` You should hear what we say about you '' -- but that they become public knowledge .
We know that we will all have to get used to more exposure and make the best of it , but that should n't stop the effort to draw lines where they really matter .
Lanzhou , the capital city of Gansu province in the west , might never catch up with Suzhou , a well-known manufacturing base near Shanghai .
BEIJING -- Not long after the United States Federal Reserve Board announced its second round of `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- known as QE2 -RRB- , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- , China 's central bank , announced two increases of 0.5 percentage points in the required reserve ratio -LRB- RRR -RRB- of bank deposits .
But this time , George W. Bush and John Kerry both know that it would be unwise to bash China too hard .
If the volume of oil resources were known with certainty , and if we could accurately predict the growth of oil consumption , calculating the imminence of exhaustion would be simple .
Reserves are defined as the quantities of petroleum that are expected to be commercially recoverable from known fields .
The knowledge that has been gained since then has been breathtaking , and the pace at which basic research has been translated into lifesaving treatments is unprecedented .
In 1996 , the approval of the first drug of a class called protease inhibitors led to the adoption of a multi-drug , anti-HIV regimen known as highly active antiretroviral therapy , or HAART . This advance dramatically transformed the quality of life and extended the life expectancy of HIV-infected individuals .
We also know that the body 's natural immune response against HIV is inadequate in containing or controlling the virus .
Although some characteristics of TB therapy , such as interruption of treatment , are well known predictors of multi-drug resistance , other aspects of treatment that reflect the health-care system , such as the drugs used and the length of therapy , must be studied to help improve control programs .
The good news is that we already know many of the policies and technologies that can deliver substantial savings in energy consumption and CO2 emissions .
Nobody knows enough about the causes of climate change to prove that an imagined disaster is impossible .
We know that the sea level rose by roughly 100 meters during the last 12,000 years .
We do not know how much of the recent rise is caused by human activities . Some of the recent rise , associated with the shrinking of glaciers , is not caused by human activities , since the glaciers have been shrinking for hundreds of years while human activities became significant only in the last century .
We do not know which of the two effects predominates .
But we had better know for sure which way the response will go before we apply the remedy .
Today , much of the developed world 's agriculture is a large-scale enterprise : mechanized , computer-controlled , and based on sophisticated use of chemistry and knowledge of plant and soil physiology .
In short , we will have to wait for the data on house prices in June and July to know whether there has been a permanent turnaround .
But anyone who recalls what the American and British economies were like before Reagan and Thatcher , and who knows the changes that they introduced , must also recognize that the world can not go back .
There is no way to know whether the rate of growth of multifactor productivity will remain at its current level or will revert to the pre-2000 pace .
First , the prices that the traveler sees are generally increased by value-added tax -LRB- VAT -RRB- , which is universal in Europe but unknown in the US .
And I also know that the complementary pressures on Europe to import funds , and on surplus countries to diversify their currency holdings , will make European travel increasingly expensive in dollar terms .
Any decision maker who depends on forecasts -- a businessman , an investor , or a government official -- needs to know the probability of very low or very high growth rates , as well as the median forecast .
The catalyst for what came to be known as `` Barricades Week '' was an interview published in the German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung with the parachute general Jacques Massu , in which he said that part of the army regretted having called de Gaulle back to power , did not understand his policy , and was disappointed that he had become `` a man of the left . ''
Massu , a convinced Gaullist , should have known better than to say such home truths publicly , whatever his own frustrations .
Countercyclical spending and tax policy are widely acceptable to experts and taxpayers alike , but deficit spending on wars is known to be a paltry way to stimulate the economy .
We will not know for some time whether the US public debt is sustainable .
We do know , however , that until now governments have had to subject themselves to increased political oversight when they needed manpower or money to fight wars .
Roughly a year ago , Moldova , a country few know about , seemed to confirm this .
Resolving Kosovo 's status is also a necessity for the province 's Serb minority , who continue to live in uncertainty , not knowing whether to look to Belgrade or Pristina for protection of their rights .
These basic data have been known for a long time , and only a few deny that rapidly accelerating man-made climate change is occurring .
Rising energy prices already point in this direction , but this knowledge has yet to register .
Important political leaders , especially in the two biggest nuclear powers , the US and Russia , know today 's existing risks and tomorrow 's emerging ones all too well .
Leaders around the world know the dangers of a new nuclear age ; they also know how to minimize them .
Although it is acknowledged in Jerusalem that an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities would involve grave and hard-to-assess risks , the choice between acceptance of an Iranian bomb and an attempt at its military destruction , with all the attendant consequences , is clear .
And he knows that .
The solutions to the climate crisis are already well known , the money is available , and so are the technologies , or where they are n't , they could be developed .
Global warming is only the tip of the iceberg towards which we are moving , knowingly , with eyes wide open .
A sense of alienation towards the West is spreading , and Turkey 's diplomatic relations with Russia have reached a hitherto unknown intimacy .
They do n't yet think that the world as they know it is coming to an end .
This uncertain response partly explains Western governments ' lack of will to draw tangible conclusions from the systemic failure of the financial sector . It is also why governments give the impression that they do n't know how to steer their societies through these troubled waters .
That is not only because she is a poor public speaker , but also because she herself does not seem to know how to resolve the contradictions between national solutions and European constraints .
We all know where that led .
A collapse of the non-proliferation regime will increase not only the risk of regional nuclear arms races , but also of a transfer of nuclear know-how and technology , increasing the risk of nuclear confrontation .
Part of this initiative must be to provide , as a corollary to new disarmament requirements and control mechanisms , the assurance of non-discriminatory access to nuclear know-how , research , and technology .
Moreover , only new strides towards disarmament by the big nuclear powers , and a guarantee of access to technology and know-how under international control , can stop the trend toward `` nuclear sovereignty . ''
I do n't know what Germany 's foreign minister , Guido Westerwelle , could have been thinking .
Moreover , the alternatives to nuclear energy -- and to fossil fuels -- are well known and technically much more advanced and sustainable .
We already know this .
Everyone knows that Greece will be unable to work its way out of crisis without massive debt relief .
Hardly anyone on the European Council seems willing even to acknowledge the depth of the EU crisis .
For a long time , Merkel fought this new EU tooth and nail , because she knows how unpopular it is in Germany -- and thus how politically dangerous it is to her electoral prospects .
If Turkey prevails , Iran and the radicals in the region will be caught on the losing side of history -- and they know it .
We would have to write off six decades of successful European integration , with unknown consequences .
But today , America is stuck there and knows neither how to win nor how to get out .
Acknowledging that rating agencies were incompetent without doing anything to regulate them was inexcusable .
His research program consisted of introducing the imperfection of information and knowledge into economic theory , which he then reformulated , giving serious consideration to agents ' expectations .
Citizens know by experience that democracy does not consist in universal suffrage alone , but also requires a public sphere that is equally open to all .
Europe needs to know why the ECB has not .
So long as the ECB does not acknowledge the doubts now hovering around Europe 's economies , there is a risk of a crash .
How , then , do we know when force is disproportionate ?
I know of no case in the international version of shooting escaping looters where a court has affirmed that the use of force was necessary but not proportionate .
Intentional targeting of civilians is prohibited , as is an attack on military targets in the knowledge that there will be `` clearly excessive '' harm relative to the value of the military target .
We have too little information about many of these attacks to know one way or the other .
As Turks well know , it is dangerous to take a position on the Armenian genocide of 1915 .
Yet his driving and his knowledge of Al Qaeda 's purposes struck the military as sufficient to charge him with entering a conspiracy to kill civilians and engage in terrorists acts .
This argument has been well known since the Nuremberg trials , which rejected charges of conspiracy to commit war crimes and crimes against humanity .
As a result , we do not yet know the answer . Data remain scarce .
Anyone familiar with Iran knows that this provokes only a defiant response .
We know that Iran has made progress with the centrifuge technology essential for producing the enriched uranium needed for nuclear weapons .
We can not know whether this course of action is realistic unless we try it .
But we do know that the alternatives -- increasing sanctions , military strikes , and perhaps war -- would have unforeseeable consequences .
The same logic applies to hedge funds : investors are typically not allowed to know how they work , and no warranties are offered .
He has no investment talent , but he knows about probabilities , and is running a hedge fund worth $ 100 million . He decides to sell options on the S&P event .
But investors do not know -- and can not tell -- that Oz has no talent .
`` But you have n't done the experiments , '' the students complained , `` so how can you know ? ''
Philosophers of science have traditionally approached questions concerning what counts as knowledge , explanation , and theory as if they could be answered universally .
In 1952 , Alan Turing -- best known for his work on computation and the mind -- proposed a mathematical model consisting of a pair of equations describing the reaction and diffusion of two imaginary chemicals .
That has changed over the last five or six years , with the development of a technique known as `` array-based comparative genomic hybridization '' -LRB- array-CGH -RRB- , revolutionizing genetic research and diagnostics .
The Consortium recently assessed 270 individuals from four populations with ancestry in Africa , Asia or Europe -LRB- known as the HapMap collection -RRB- to construct a new map of the human genome .
Many of the regions in which the CNVs were identified overlapped known disease genes .
Even scientists who frowned upon the Swedish committees ' limitations and sometimes odd choices nevertheless still nominated and lobbied for candidates , knowing that if successful , a winner can draw attention and money to a research specialty , institution , or national scientific community .
In March 2000 , EU leaders meeting in Lisbon set the goal of making Europe the world 's most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy by 2010 , and two years later they agreed that investment in R&D must reach 3 % of GDP by 2010 .
We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience .
Worse still , we know almost nothing about schizophrenia 's causes .
Treatment with drugs , particularly those that target the neurotransmitter dopamine , can reduce the symptoms , but the mechanism of this effect is unknown and unfortunate side effects can and do occur .
As yet , we know very little about the mechanisms that allow us to predict the sensations caused by our own actions .
The part of the brain that generates actions - the frontal cortex - must be sending signals to regions of the brain where sensations are processed , but we know very little about the nature of these signals or the precise pathways involved .
In contrast , `` behavioral economists '' acknowledge that currencies can depart from parity for a protracted period , but argue that this results not from traders ' attempts to interpret movements in macroeconomic fundamentals , but from market psychology and irrational trading .
Once this `` imperfect knowledge '' is placed at the heart of economic analysis , the implications of our inherently limited ability to predict market outcomes become clear .
In attempting to cope with imperfect knowledge , they are not irrational when they pay attention to other macroeconomic fundamentals and thereby bid an exchange rate away from its parity level .
This concept of risk builds on a neglected insight of John Maynard Keynes , who was keenly aware of the centrality of imperfect knowledge for understanding price fluctuations in asset markets .
Every month , the central bank should announce its estimate of a range of parity values , backed by analysis , which , unlike a precise value , reflects the inherent imperfection of knowledge concerning a currency 's parity .
Only by explicitly acknowledging the limits to economists ' and policymakers ' knowledge would such policies have a chance of succeeding .
But , as we now know , they did not .
IKE acknowledges that , within a reasonable range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators can .
This had been the pattern for many US initiatives during the Cold War , and in the Balkans during the 1990 's ; back then , it was known as `` leadership '' rather than `` unilateralism . ''
Academics are easily flattered by talk about `` knowledge management '' and the `` knowledge society . ''
In fact , it signals the opposite -- that the wider society itself is a hotbed of knowledge production , over which universities do not enjoy any special privilege or advantage .
This has caught academics off-guard , because they have traditionally treated knowledge as something pursued for its own sake , regardless of cost or consequence .
Now they face increasing global pressure to open universities to the wider public , typically for reasons unrelated to the pursuit of pure knowledge .
Consequently , academics are losing control of their performance standards to `` knowledge managers . ''
Academics remain largely in denial about the impact of knowledge management .
Indeed , many academics -- not just professional knowledge managers -- have endorsed recent steps to disaggregate the `` unity of teaching and research '' that has defined the university since the early 19
It would be a mistake to blame knowledge managers , or , for that matter , neo-liberal ideology , for this instrumental view of universities as `` service providers . ''
Why are the social sciences so much more at risk of having their budgets cut than the other two great bodies of academic knowledge , the humanities and the natural sciences ?
If you compare the concepts used to frame newspaper editorials today and ten or more years ago , you will find the deep - but unacknowledged - impact of the social sciences .
By contrast , the humanities and the natural sciences share a sense of reality that transcends time and place ; hence their common interest in a fixed `` human nature . '' This is tied to a way of thinking and a sense of knowing that is largely contemplative and sometimes even disempowering , as reality comes to seem to be whatever resists our concerted efforts at change .
In response to the recurrence of well-publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene `` institutional review boards '' to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as `` research ethics . ''
It demands both the attention and the contribution of anyone concerned with the future of knowledge .
`` Wiki '' is a Hawaiian root that was officially added to English in 2007 to signify something done quickly -- in this case , changes in the collective body of knowledge .
The sharp divide between producers and consumers of knowledge began only about 300 years ago , when book printers secured royal protection for their trade in the face of piracy in a rapidly expanding literary market .
The expected norms of conduct of these students correspond exactly to Wikipedia 's content policy : one is not expected to do original research , but to know where the research material is and how to argue about it .
Compulsory student participation would not only improve Wikipedia 's already impressive collective knowledge base , but also might help curb the elitist pretensions of researchers in the global knowledge system .
But , more profoundly , this entire line of thinking neglects the distinctly transformative capacity of the knowledge in which the humanities specializes .
As with John Maynard Keynes 's notion that returns on public investment must be measured as the long-term consequence of other investments that it stimulates across the economy and society , so , too , with the knowledge generated by the humanities .
In its long history as the premier form of academic knowledge , the humanities were frequently criticized for their subversive character .
That some would now question whether the humanities have any impact at all merely reflects the crude and short-sighted way in which the value of academic knowledge is measured and judged today .
After all , the university 's unique institutional mission is to manufacture knowledge as a public good .
The new knowledge produced by original research is an instance of social capital formation .
Left at this stage , knowledge is simply intellectual property , access to which is restricted to paying customers .
This forces knowledge to be made more widely available , thereby breaking the effective monopoly that researchers and their funders would otherwise enjoy .
Once teaching reduces , if not eliminates , the original competitive advantage associated with a piece of research , academics and their funders are forced to seek new sources of advantage by producing new knowledge .
In the process , the larger public -- those not involved in the original production of new knowledge -- benefit through classroom instruction .
Efficiency-minded knowledge managers nowadays say that the very idea of the university as a place where the same people produce and distribute knowledge is a throwback to the Middle Ages .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
In these ways , academics enable knowledge to do maximum work at minimal cost to its recipients .
In short , universities prove their worth if students find it easier to appropriate academic knowledge than the academics themselves originally did .
When Mikhail Khodorkovsky and other executives of Yukos , his oil company , were arrested last year , corporations investing or interested in investing in Russia were prepared to interpret the crackdown as an isolated incident brought on by the political agenda of the company and its CEO , who should have known better .
But one thing is certain : we will know which path the country 's leaders have chosen sooner rather than later .
We know that some people in the army and organizations close to the regime have been reluctant to use violence against the monks .
We know that the international community is trying to help us , but we need that help to be more effective .
He must also cope with the tantrums of the Congress Party , the principal opposition party in parliament , known for its fickleness .
But they should not refuse to acknowledge that China 's mission to turn a nation of 1.3 billion poor people into a developed country through peace and free trade is one of the great , honorable , and most difficult sagas in human history .
Salmon are carnivorous , however , and to feed the voracious appetite of these legions of farm-raised fish , the aquaculture industry increasingly has turned its attention to a small crustacean commonly known as Antarctic krill .
Indeed , krill form the largest known aggregation of marine life , with a biomass perhaps greater than any other multi-cellular animal organism on the planet .
In the late 1980 's , biologists found strains that were resistant to all known insecticides .
Not knowing where the enemy is hidden within the civilian population , security forces retaliate indiscriminately .
What is now known as the G8 was launched in 1975 as an informal group of the United States , Europe 's Big Four -- Britain , France , Germany , and Italy -- and Japan , with Canada added as an afterthought .
With this unique mix of insider knowledge and outsider status , and a freshness that both main candidates lack , Enríquez-Ominami has gone farther than most observers predicted .
After General Augusto Pinochet 's dictatorship gave way to democracy in 1990 , the center-left coalition known as the Concertación won four consecutive free and fair presidential contests .
The project that led to the birth of the euro was inspired by Mundell 's ideas and by the acknowledgment of the importance of efficient rules for regulating the interaction between government authorities , like central banks , and the rest of society .
But as we deepen our experience of humanitarian relief and development , we must learn the lessons of the past and understand how much more there is to know .
There has been no real trial , no truth commission , and no official acknowledgement of one of the most heinous crimes in human history .
This is nonsense on stilts , though it obviously sounds pleasing to generals in the power ministries , because the only war they know how to wage is with `` world imperialism . ''
Nobody knows what vision of collective defense is to be implemented : one needs a fertile imagination to imagine Belarusian paratroopers defending the Tajik border .
Amos Oz , one of Israel 's best known writers , claims that the current Palestinian-Israeli war is actually two wars : an `` unjust '' war against Israel and the Jews to establish a fundamentalist Islamic state in an `` Arab Palestine , '' and the Palestinian people 's `` just '' war for an independent state worthy of the name .
Most scientists assume that the basics of science are known .
Chemistry and biochemistry are similarly solid -- there are some things we do n't understand about the body , but it is believed that the basic machinery of how cells and molecules interact is known .
This page-window format is known as Window-Icon-Mouse-Pointer , or WIMP , which , due to monopoly forces , has been the universal paradigm since the 1980 's -- ancient history in computer years .
Ironically , a recent trend reaches far into the past , to a traditional Japanese concept known as katachi , which is emerging as an international movement .
Those with high ability know how the guests ' experience can be improved with careful preparations of tools , reflective conversations , and natural yet well-controlled body motions .
The immediate political response to the Japanese disaster will be to make small re-adjustments among known energy sources , including wind and solar .
According to general laws of physics , everything tends to disorder -- a process known as entropy .
But in more complex cases , in which living beings collaborate to build societies or create knowledge , our scientific models are inadequate .
Global deposits of methane clathrate contain more than twice the amount of energy of all known fossil fuels , and it can burn cleanly .
Whereas Japan , the US , and Europe are competent at research into what is almost known , the cutting-edge science is more likely to emerge in an economy hungry for resources and infrastructure , such as China .
At the same time , relief efforts should be managed by a local science center that is known and trusted by those in danger .
`` Detectors '' would have to be expert enough to know when an ordinary-looking symptom is actually an emergency .
It is less important , for instance , to steal a copy of North Korea 's bomb designs than to know the morale and capability of its scientists .
It is important to know how much deprivation in a country would swing public opinion .
It can be shown that cells are able to detect these messages , but the extent to which they affect the body is unknown .
However , it is known that bees are dying in the northern hemisphere . This is a major concern because so much food depends on bees for pollination .
Official development assistance can create incentives to cooperate by financing data-collection , providing technical know-how , or , indeed , by conditioning loans on constructive negotiations .
But something else happened : society became more demanding , recognizing its own interests and knowing how to express them .
Russia needs a breakthrough toward an up-to-date , knowledge-based , and ecologically sustainable economy .
Does this not demonstrate Russia 's global know-how ?
Yet America 's currency strategy is the most reckless -- another mighty error in an economic policy so wayward that it is hard to know where to begin listing the mistakes .
Luckily , China 's government knows that America 's advice to let the renminbi float right now is dangerous -- both to China and for the world economy .
At what many perceived to be a rigged auction , the company 's best assets were sold off to a previously unknown bidder and are now back in the hands of the Russian state .
Should he choose to exercise his vast residual influence through United Russia -LRB- with its inevitable majority in the newly elected parliament -RRB- , we will know that he means what he says .
If , by contrast , he leaves the presidency , gets himself appointed prime minister , and overhauls the constitution to shift powers from the former to the latter , we will know that he is going for a personal regime after all .
Educational loans should be booming in urban and rural China , but banks do not know to whom to lend , so they are not .
As time passed and scientific knowledge accumulated -- much of it from the fruit fly -- the true complexity of the relationship between genes and characteristics became clear .
Everybody now knows about America 's dodgy `` sub-prime '' mortgages -LRB- the term says it all -RRB- .
Yields on government debt of peripheral eurozone countries are skyrocketing , because investors do not really know what the risks are .
Everyone knows that in case of fire , only the first to leave will be safe .
To return to the cinema analogy : investors know that the exit is not large enough to allow them all to squeeze through at the same time . So each one want to be among the first to get out .
But that acknowledgement of reality does not end the drama .
Nobody can know at this point whether Portugal or Italy might be the next stops on this road of resistance .
Intense and long suffering , Argentines know how to create universal heroes like Eva Perón and Ché Guevara .
These brave women constituted the only opposition that dared to confront the savage military junta in the late 1970 's , demanding to know the fate of their `` disappeared '' children .
Moreover , each of the countries has bilateral free-trade agreements with the others and with the United States -LRB- though the US Congress has yet to approve the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement , as it is officially known -RRB- .
As Europe knows , constructing an economically and socially integrated zone offers the best opportunity to resolve conflicts and overcome political and cultural enmities . But all partners must first get their own houses in order : Europe must strengthen its economic and political integration , and Africa must improve its governance by fighting corruption and establishing the rule of law more firmly .
Imagine how the world would react if some government were known to be planning to use or transfer a nuclear device or had already done so .
His coalition government survives mainly because many members of Israel 's parliament know that they would lose their seats in an early election .
I do not know if there is a Mandarin equivalent for `` Be careful what you wish for , '' but if there is , it surely applies .
Indeed , Chinese economic growth must be acknowledged as one of history 's great achievements in poverty reduction .
Outsiders can and should make their views known , but mostly in private and without saying and doing things likely to stimulate the very nationalism we want to discourage .
A second policy option would be for the US , Israel , or both to attack Iran 's known nuclear installations .
Even he acknowledges that this will require him to delay fulfilling several other campaign promises .
Whether or not they acknowledge it , they have a stake in world order .
But it is too soon to know whether change in Egypt will be far-reaching and lasting , much less positive , and thus too soon to assess its historic impact .
This commitment was made with the full knowledge that democracies are imperfect and terribly complicated .
Today 's conservatives are known among religious scholars as `` People of the Letter '' -- those who adhere to the letter of the Islamic texts .
Reformists , as they are known today , are the equivalent of `` People of Intellect . ''
The difference between Muslim conservatives and reformists can be measured in two ways : their stance on the possibility of making personal judgments on religious matters -LRB- known in religious terms as `` diligence '' -RRB- and their attitude towards non-Muslims . Conservatives believe that the revealed law was settled during the glorious days of Islam , and that individual interpretation should therefore be restricted .
It is difficult to know who is right , because no other country has adopted this policy .
The outside world currently knows little about the inner workings of the Iraqi weapons program .
Iraq 's government knows exactly what it needs to do to hide its weapons of mass destruction .
Despite all the stakeholders -- Pakistan 's army and government , as well as Western countries -- knowing the scale of recent army action in Swat and Buner , millions of innocent people were left to fend for themselves as bombs rained down on them from the sky .
In this search for the right balance , democracy knows no boundaries .
We know these creatures ' apotheosis , Dracula , as a vampire from Transylvania , a bat-like person with long canine teeth who lies in a coffin during the day and bites necks and drinks blood for sustenance .
But why do we know about Dracula and vampires at all ?
Both are allegedly endangered : by an EU that wishes to assimilate `` us '' as much as possible ; by the European Commission with its standards ; by NATO , the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank ; by the United Nations ; by foreign capital ; by Western ideologies ; by Eastern mafias ; by American influence ; by Asian or African immigration ; and by God knows what else .
Russia seems to be compensating for a lack of self-confidence and uncertainty about its identity -- and thus also about its boundaries -- with imperialist rhetoric and nationalist bombast , which we know well from people like Vladimir Zhirinovsky , but which appears in a more cultured form on a much wider scale .
All of the world 's regions have problems -- Russia with its self-understanding ; Africa with its poverty , famine and tribal wars ; and the West with the dilemma of whether it will allow the civilization that it gave , and sometimes imposed on , this planet to destroy itself or to find in the depths of its knowledge and conscience sources of a renewed sense of responsibility for the world .
My unease lies in an unacknowledged judgment that partly defines the terms `` West '' and `` East '' -- at least in our postcommunist environment .
The term `` West '' thus became , both unwittingly and knowingly , a synonym for advancement , culture , freedom and decency ; `` East , '' on the other hand , was reduced to a synonym for underdevelopment , authoritarianism and omnipresent nonsense .
Then , for some unknown reason , it could make its assistance to Africa conditional on fraternal ties with the worst African dictators .
Naturally , members of the old establishment , with their inside knowledge and connections , gained much of the privatized property .
Yes , there are some alarming elements in Russian policy , mostly because Russia has never really known where it begins and where it ends .
Who better than Europeans , who brought communism to life , exported it to the world , and then paid dearly for it over many decades , know better about the torments inflicted upon the Cuban people ?
Silent Burmese Days PRAGUE &#45; &#45; In the coming days -- perhaps even hours -- the destiny of Burma -LRB- also known as Myanmar -RRB- , and the fates of over fifty million Burmese , will be decided .
The world 's dictators , of course , know exactly what to make of the international community 's failure of will and inability to coordinate effective measures .
The actions taken or not taken by the Cuban government should be used as a benchmark when the European Council reviews the EU 's Common Position on Cuba in June . Lastly , the EU should continue actively supporting peaceful democratic movements and civil society organizations in Cuba by taking advantage of the intrinsic knowledge some of its member states have about making a transition to democracy .
Their deaths are the sole responsibility of the military junta , which deliberately and with knowledge of the likely consequences has closed the door to humanitarian aid and workers from all over the world .
An international protectorate for the area to protect the Palestinians from their own more dangerous elements , the Palestinians from the Israelis , and perhaps even the Israelis from themselves , has been proposed , but has received scant acknowledgement .
If China is to gain an international position of respect commensurate with its position in the world economy , as well as to benefit from its rise to pre-eminence among the world economic powers , it is vital that China 's representatives in Tibet acknowledge the need for due legal process for all of its citizens , including its ethnic minorities .
A Chinese Champion of Peace and Freedom PRAGUE -- On Christmas Day last year , one of China 's best-known human rights activists , the writer and university professor Liu Xiaobo , was condemned to 11 years in prison .
We do not need to wait until after the election to know this . So there is no excuse for continued inaction .
The Middle East 's demographic youth bulge is well known , but no one predicted that its members would mobilize social media and cell phones to topple long-established dictators .
But , whatever the reason -LRB- or reasons -RRB- for the rise in their occurrence , we also know that between 5 % and 10 % of breast cancers are due to an inherited defect that affects the BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes .
Chancellor Schröder knows this .
The perceived size of the moon is determined by two factors : the physical extent of the light falling on the eye - also known as the angular subtense or the visual angle - and the distance information provided by the ground .
Indeed , there were no specific targets and , as any China watcher knows , the `` greening '' of the government is old news .
The Chinese have urged the US and others to restart the nuclear talks , but they know that it is North Korean perfidy that has jeopardized the process .
Democracy versus dictatorship is , of course , one fault line , but so , too , as we know from Bahrain and Saudi Arabia , is the 1,300-year-old Shia-Sunni divide .
Netanyahu 's response to Obama 's initiative signaled what has been apparent for some time : the complex regional process known as the Arab Spring , and the eve of a US presidential election year , are difficult circumstances in which to try to re-start the peace process .
The elements of an eventual settlement have been known for years : the creation of a viable Palestinian state -- a goal endorsed by the last two US presidents -- together with secure borders for Israel , some arrangement on Jerusalem , and an economic package .
Britain 's most adept and skillful politician has evidently known for years exactly what not to do about arranging his departure , and yet he has chosen to ignore his own advice .
At a dinner in a London restaurant named Granita , in what has since become the best-known coffee-stage chat in British history , Blair made a proposal to Gordon Brown , his rival for the leadership .
But no sooner had I asked the Prime Minister how he was than he replied with a grin : `` It 's nice to know one does n't have to fight another election . ''
Blair ought to have known that politics is a pitiless business .
The sound of the voice is sometimes that of a family member or someone from one 's past , or is like that of no known person but has distinct and immediately recognizable features -LRB- say , a deep , growling voice -RRB- .
Hallucinated voices are also known to occur during states of religious or creative inspiration .
Our research at Yale University , as well as studies conducted at the Institute of Psychiatry in London , also detected activation in an area of the brain known as Broca 's region during production of `` inner speech '' or verbal thought .
Might there be a causal relation between the Bush administration 's cavalier , if not hostile , attitude toward law and its dazzling inability to acknowledge mistakes and manage midstream readjustments ?
The idea that executive officials will fight terrorism more effectively when they know that no one is watching is farfetched .
The plight of these victims long went unrecognized , as governments and the international community alike failed to acknowledge their rights to protection and assistance .
However sudden the initial displacement , the impact can last for generations , together with a long-term need for clean water , shelter , health care , and other basic services , as victims of Hurricane Mitch in Central America in 1998 know from bitter experience .
The reason would be obvious to anyone who witnessed the recent `` million man march '' in Karachi organized by Pakistan 's newly formed coalition of religious parties , known as the MMA .
Dr. Khan 's export of centrifuge technology was unknown to successive governments in Pakistan , says the country 's leader , General Pervez Musharraf .
Year after year - -LRB- 2003 includinged 2003 , when the proliferation controversy was already red-hot - -RRB- Islamabad was festooned with colorful banners advertising workshops on `` Vibrations In Rapidly Rotating Machinery '' and `` Advanced Materials , '' sponsored by the Dr. A. Q. Khan Research Laboratories -LRB- also known as the Kahuta Research Laboratories -RRB- .
It is difficult to know what Dr. Khan meant when he said he had acted in `` good faith . ''
The third element of Musharraf 's strategy is more positive : he knows that he must do some good -- and also be seen doing it .
He knows that the real threat to his power -- and his life -- comes from within his constituency , the military .
One might have expected the Americans to know better than to bet all on a man who might be gone tomorrow .
Effective conservation programs are based on sound scientific knowledge .
We have the knowledge , expertise , and partnerships to make a very real positive difference to biodiversity conservation worldwide , and we welcome support from all parts of society to help us deliver this .
Some of the earliest known epics , such as The Iliad and Gilgamesh , feature protagonists ' intense sadness after the loss of close comrades .
Depressive mental disorders also have been known for as long as written records have been kept .
Writing in the fifth century b.c. , Hippocrates provided the first known definition of melancholia -LRB- what we now call `` depression '' -RRB- as a distinct disorder : `` If fear or sadness last for a long time it is melancholia . ''
While it is impossible to know what proportion of these people are experiencing normal sadness that would go away with the passage of time or a change in social context , it is almost certainly very high .
Such a change would acknowledge what humans have always recognized : intense sadness after loss is a painful and perhaps inevitable aspect of the human condition , but it is not necessarily a mental disorder .
In the aftermath of Israel 's 1967 victory , Sadeq Jalal Al-Azm , a well-know Syrian intellectual and a professor of philosophy , published a book entitled `` Self-criticism after the defeat , '' which sharply criticised many aspects of Arab political culture .
Today , the previously unknown crimes committed by Saddam 's regime against numberless thousands of Iraqis are being revealed .
But allied leaders must also act on the knowledge that NATO does not have the skills , resources , or experience to take full charge of meeting Afghanistan 's requirements for external civilian help .
Like the eight-year civil war -LRB- in what was then known as Zaire -RRB- that nominally ended in 2002 , the current fighting involves many different local groups : not only the Congolese government forces , which oppose the insurgents loyal to the Tutsi General Laurent Nkunda , but also the Rwandan Hutu rebels who were responsible for the genocide in Rwanda in the 1990 's and a jungle force known as the `` Mai-Mai '' militias .
The renewed fighting , coming eight months after a promising peace initiative known as the `` Goma Agreement , '' means more civilian deaths and little chance of normality returning to the eastern part of Congo .
Whether or not he was solely to blame , a true opportunity for historical compromise was missed at Camp David in August 2000 , and he himself acknowledged it a year later .
I know that stirrings of democracy have been crushed before : in Budapest in 1956 , Prague in 1968 , and in Tiananmen Square in 1989 .
I know from personal experience that we did not always have the luxury of getting the best outcomes .
Finally , countries in transition need support -- not only money , but also technical know-how to implement highly complex reforms .
Scientific knowledge is never final , but it evolves continuously .
While these principles are probably well known to serious scientists , they are often forgotten when scientific information is disseminated .
The second case involved a known recipient of such cells transfused from another asymptomatic donor who subsequently died from variant CJD , whereas the recipient showed no evidence of neurological disease and died of unrelated causes .
Until we know the answers to these questions , it seems premature to decide that we are witnessing the beginning of the end of variant CJD .
Capital and know-how flows across borders , so traditional bilateral trade flows have been replaced by a complex web of international commercial relations .
The data situation around the start was very unsatisfactory . Unobservable indicators like the output gap , which plays e.g. a central role in neo-keynesian recommendations for monetary policy , are generally known to be very difficult to estimate in real time .
No one can possibly know in advance exactly how big this `` bill '' might be , though that question -- important as that is -- misses the crucial point : a common bond would be the first step down a slippery slope to bail-outs , and thus to the end of the euro area as a zone of stability .
While some Shia who were prominent allies of the Baathist regime hold positions of great influence in the `` new '' Iraq , Sunnis will never know when they will be shut out of the process , especially if they become too powerful .
So , if China is to draw the correct lesson from the Japanese experience , it must know what really happened in Japan back then .
And Lula achieved all this without triggering inflation , which he knows -- perhaps a result of his own impoverished childhood -- wreaks havoc on the poor most of all .
When I told them that I did n't know anything about this group , they warned that once I was back in their custody , they would make me cooperate .
To flesh out Darwinism , we obviously have to understand the three processes that are at its core . We need to know how organisms develop and reproduce , what is inherited and how it is inherited , and how heritable variations are generated .
We now know of several mechanisms that enable cells with identical DNA to have different characteristics , which are transmitted to daughter cells .
For example , we know that some environmental insults and stresses , such as temporary starvation , can affect future generations .
Africa 's great hope is that its `` new generation '' leaders -- most prominently President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria and President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa , who helped spearhead NEPAD 's peer review process in the first place -- acknowledge this fact .
If leaders and their close associates and cronies in high places know that there will be life after power -- a period in which questions of accountability will inevitably be raised -- they will act more carefully and responsibly while in office .
With the 5150 , IBM moved into mass production of a standardized commodity using components produced by other companies . `` Big Blue '' -LRB- as IBM is known -RRB- allowed other companies -LRB- notably the infant Microsoft -RRB- to develop its software .
Before 1981 , visionaries who thought about the impact of technology on society believed that the computer would allow a centralization of knowledge and power .
Immense amounts of time were wasted in enterprises by informal requests for assistance , forcing knowledgeable workers to become computer gurus in order to aid their colleagues .
The Perils of Financial Historicism Every financial crisis is inherently unknowable -- before it occurs , and as it occurs .
Because the past is knowable , the best way of understanding a current crisis is to search for a model in past experiences , even those that are long past .
Deutsche Bank , Europe 's most prominent art-collecting bank , published the view of academic experts to the effect that customers , the broad public , were `` extremely conservative , boring , lack imagination , and do n't know their own minds . ''
The search for non-financial assets looks like characteristic behavior in any financial crisis -- what was known during the great drama of hyperinflation in Weimar Germany as `` die Flucht in die Sachwerte , '' the flight to material assets .
Britain and France had turned away from internationalism , adopting trade systems known as `` Imperial Preference , '' which favored their vast overseas empires .
It had a new , charismatic president , who was known as an Anglophile and a cosmopolitan spirit .
Roosevelt did not know what line to take at the conference , and his stream of advisers offered inconsistent counsel .
This message , delivered on July 3 , 1933 , was known as `` the bombshell . ''
When the report eventually came out , it acknowledged that `` excess '' volatility had `` adverse consequences '' for individual economies , as well as for the smooth functioning of the international adjustment process .
In the meantime , Latin America remained mired in what became widely known as `` the lost decade . ''
Today , few know where the term `` globalization '' originated .
This obscure left-wing publication is the first known reference to globalization in its contemporary sense .
In that case , new profits could quickly be used to plug the gaps , and no one would ever know about an apparently successful deception .
Still , no economic crisis or political revolution is likely to change governments ' inherent proclivity to think that they can know better .
The impulse simply to cut the Gordian knot of debt by defaulting on it is much stronger when creditors are remote and unknown .
The key difference between now and then is not income but technical knowledge about the causes of disease , and interventions to prevent disease , or at least the most pernicious symptoms .
This trio of policies forms the foundation of what 's known among health-care professionals as the `` harm-reduction package . ''
The poet , painter , and singer may think they do what they do for more high-minded reasons , but scientists know otherwise .
We know how to control tobacco use .
China 's rulers know that in a system in which justice is absent , Liu 's efforts to speak to a higher moral calling requires only moral courage to be followed .
When their time comes , the world will be dealing with a much more unpredictable power than the one we know now .
While the Greek fiscal fiasco is now common knowledge , Ireland 's problems are deeper and less widely understood .
The new bonds could be known as Trichet or Merkel\/Sarkozy or Honohan bonds -- whatever works to build consensus .
Reagan suggested that tax cuts would pay for themselves , i.e. , actually raise revenue -- a notion that became known as `` supply side '' economics .
For example , from work that Acemoglu has done with David Autor -LRB- also at MIT -RRB- , we know that incomes for the top 10 % moved up sharply during the 1980 's .
But , while Fannie and Freddie jumped into dubious mortgages -LRB- particularly those known as Alt-A -RRB- and did some work with subprime lenders , this was relatively small stuff and late in the cycle -LRB- e.g. , 2004-2005 -RRB- .
The reason is simple : a government default would destroy the credit system as we know it .
Greek trade unions know what this means -- and are in the streets .
But , with Greece and other troubled euro-zone economies -LRB- known to their detractors as the PIIGS : Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- having surrendered monetary policy to the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- in Frankfurt , their currencies can not fall in this fashion .
This problem is widely acknowledged , not just by officials but by bankers themselves .
And of course the credit markets know this , so they lend more cheaply to JP Morgan Chase and other megabanks than to smaller banks that really can fail .
We do not yet know what combination of black-box computer programs and electronic trading algorithms , interacting across more than 50 market centers , caused this catastrophe .
But our lack of knowledge itself confirms how far our regulatory and surveillance capabilities have fallen behind `` financial innovation . ''
No significant Wall Street voices acknowledged his concerns -- preferring instead to praise the equity markets as a shining example of well-functioning technology .
As Senator Mark Warner graciously acknowledged , `` The Senator from Delaware sounded an early warning signal that the massive amounts of investments that had been made by certain firms to try to get what appears to be a fractional millisecond advantage in the trading process might come back and haunt us all ... I 've been proud to follow his lead . ''
Top US policymakers acknowledge that this structure of incentives is a problem -- interestingly , many of their European counterparts are not yet willing even to discuss these issues openly .
Every technically competent person knows that the paths to civilian nuclear power and to nuclear weapons are the same , except for a few last , comparatively simple steps .
In light of the technical realities , it would have been more accurate to designate the difficult and openly acknowledged enrichment activity as the nuclear weapons program , for this is what can supply the guts of an atomic bomb .
What he did not know was that the article was book-length . It took three days to dictate it into the general 's Dictaphone .
I had not known , he thought , that `` The population is totally hostile ... '' Indeed , in the eyes of the Viet Cong , `` the Viet Cong are the people . ''
More than any other government official , he was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age , deterrence , otherwise known as mutual assured destruction .
Is there anyone on earth who does not know that a guerilla war can not be won without winning the `` hearts and minds '' of the people ?
The American public has known this since its defeat in Vietnam .
Most of those lessons were in fact known -- though not publicly admitted -- before the US escalated the war in Vietnam .
What is uncanny about the current debate about Afghanistan is the degree to which it displays continuity with the Vietnam debates , and the Obama administration knows it .
Does it know how to cut losses ?
Its effect is to `` reveal official history as a joke , to demonstrate a sphere of secret influence of which the visible , traceable , and known historical reality was only the outward façade ... ''
Little did the world know then , economies would collapse , currencies would become worthless , elections would be stolen , regimes would fall .
Clinton also said that Osama bin Laden 's whereabouts are known to `` some '' in Pakistan .
Eric Holder , the US attorney general , was even more explicit about the Times Square episode : `` We know that they -LRB- the Pakistan Taliban -RRB- helped direct it .
Reforms need to acknowledge the mindsets of people and the incentive structures that govern their behavior .
But this is still not enough : it is generally acknowledged that average growth rates of around 6-8 % are required if Africa is to make real headway in curtailing poverty .
We must acknowledge the complexity of the economic issues before us and listen more in designing the necessary and appropriate responses .
Governments must not be given the power to control its citizens ' moral code -- we know that if they had such power , they would misuse it .
We do n't yet know what is possible .
The names of only a few of the thousands arrested for political crimes are known .
Indeed , we know more about the arrests made after the Tiananmen protests of 1989 than about those arrested today .
What we do know about those arrested is as disturbing as the arrests themselves .
Dozens of leaders of opposition groups -- most unknown to the outside world -- were imprisoned in recent years .
No one knows when the long-promised visit by the UN Rapporteur on Torture will take place .
Abe recognizes the new challenges posed by proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and terrorism , and has acknowledged the rising expectation , at home and abroad , that Japan 's contribution to international security must grow .
No one seems to know how to respond to China 's diplomatic and military muscle flexing in Asia , for the extent of China 's ambitions remains utterly unclear .
President-elect Obama has shown pragmatism and realism , and seems to understand that accepting limitations is not weakness ; refusal to acknowledge reality is .
Our knowledge and understanding of the rest of the world continues to deteriorate ; on many counts , we lack any system of foreign policy planning and forecasting .
Russians , on the other hand , emphasize their `` hard power , '' including military force , because they know that they live in a dangerous world and have no one to hide behind .
But we were not heard . Regardless of whether that was the result of a lack of knowledge or a lack of will , events have proven us right .
Incidents of rape continue to be reported , and the Burmese military surely must know what is happening .
But , despite the vast incompleteness of our knowledge , recent research suggests that most people think that they know far more than they actually do .
We freely admit to not knowing everything about how a helicopter flies or a printing press prints , but we are not nearly modest enough about our ignorance .
The easiest way to show this is to have people to rate the completeness of their knowledge on a seven-point scale .
People happily , and reliably , assign numbers to their understandings of everything from complex machines to biological systems to natural phenomena such as the tides ; but these ratings are usually far higher than their actual knowledge .
We can measure the discrepancy between what we think we know and what we actually know by simply asking people , after they have given their initial ratings , to tell us how some things work in as much detail as they can and then to rate their knowledge again in light of their attempt to explain .
People are often surprised and dismayed at their ignorance , but we are not generally bad at estimating how much we know .
We are good at estimating how well we know simple facts -LRB- such as the capitals of countries -RRB- , procedures -LRB- such as how to make an international phone call -RRB- , and narratives -LRB- such as the plots of well-known movies -RRB- .
We can be appropriately modest about our knowledge of other things , but not so about our ability to explain the workings of the world .
Several factors converge to create this illusion of knowledge .
When Leon Rozenblit and I uncovered the illusion and its specificity , we ran an extensive series of studies exploring why explanatory understanding is so vulnerable to a false sense of knowing .
The more parts you can see , the more you think you know how those parts actually work .
The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed .
When Herzen was writing his words , Moscow was not only busy successfully putting down the Poles , reasserting its rule there for another half-century , but also , together with China , carving up Central Asia , known then as Turkestan .
But I have one vote , and I would not determine a certain candidate because the people themselves should choose their candidates based on their own knowledge . ''
Moussavi , Iran 's prime minister between 1981 and 1989 , is barely known to young voters .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have uniforms bearing a Koranic verse that reads , `` Make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can , to terrify thereby the enemy of God and your enemy , and others besides them that you know not ; God knows them . ''
Khamenei is known to seek advice from various parties , but ultimately he makes decisions alone .
Clerics know that if Khamenei weakens , Ahmadinejad 's circle can manipulate widespread anti-clerical resentment and exclude them from power .
Moreover , Ahmadinejad knows that , without Khamenei 's restraint , the clerics would use their political networks among conservatives like the Larijani brothers to limit the president further .
The challenge posed by Ahmadinejad is such a predictable part of Iranian politics that it has come to be known as `` the president 's symptom . ''
'' -LRB- military and intelligence -RRB- operations outside the country are taking place without the government 's knowledge or orders ... Only after an airplane is hijacked are we made aware of it .
Indeed , leaders in all the supposed `` rogue states '' know that their societies would cease to exist if they attacked America with nuclear or biological weapons .
A professor of French at Tbilisi University says that `` 75 % of high school graduates who enter the university no longer know even the multiplication table , let alone French or other foreign languages . ''
Public opinion matters , and Russia 's elite knows it .
But he knows something that they do n't seem to recognize : Russia 's people endorse his policies and do not want them overturned .
In Plato 's ideal republic , children would be separated from their parents at birth , so that `` no mother shall know her own child . ''
But whether Putin is master of this system or its prisoner - a tsar or a doge - is something even he may not know .
He became known as `` The Peasants ' Tsar , '' though he did n't tolerate any opposition thinking contrary to his own .
In 1999 , Yeltsin picked Putin , who was then the little-known head of the FSB -LRB- formerly the KGB -RRB- .
Putin chose to elevate the equally mysterious Victor Zubkov , head of the Federal Financial Monitoring Service -LRB- also known as the `` finance espionage '' agency -RRB- .
Putin 's own game of prime ministerial `` musical chairs '' does not reflect a desire to secure for himself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules , for he knows all too well that the path from the Kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave .
For the lesson of the years of communist misrule is this : no one man or party can know enough to manage a modern economy .
Should that turn out to be the case , it will be useful to know what , if anything , Medvedev stands for .
Perhaps -LRB- in his disgrace -RRB- he did not know . ''
And from what I know of the man and his history , particularly his work in Hungary after 1989 , I can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him .
Khrushchev did not really know anything other than Communism .
No one knows .
After all , Putin knows well the old Soviet playbook : the fate of previous KGB functionaries may await him .
Indeed , Russia 's elites know that things are going wrong , and are voting the only way they can -- with their feet and by bank transfer , moving their families and their wealth out of the country .
As a Korean , I know only too well the pain of a land divided .
I also know how difficult reconciliation can be .
Courage and conviction will be required of leaders to do what they know to be right .
We know how to save mothers ' lives .
For the first time ever , developed and developing countries acknowledged their responsibility to curb emissions of greenhouse gasses and agreed on the goal of limiting global temperature rise to below two degrees Celsius .
The `` CD , '' as it is informally known , has long served as the world 's only multilateral forum for negotiating disarmament .
NEW YORK -- Late next month , a child will be born -- the 7th billion citizen of planet Earth . We will never know the circumstances into which he or she was born .
We do know that the baby will enter a world of vast and unpredictable change -- environmental , economic , geopolitical , technological , and demographic .
Yet we have achieved enough to know that the goals are within reach .
The MDGs might once have seemed to be merely a set of hopes and aspirations . Now we know that they are actually a practical roadmap out of poverty .
They know that extreme poverty threatens the lives of hundreds of millions of people who lack reliable access to adequate nutrition , potable water , health care , and education .
They also know that the dangers do n't stop at the edge of the village or slum ; today 's hunger hotspots all too frequently become tomorrow 's violent hotspots .
Most global CEOs know this .
We know that the poorest of the world 's poor are the people most vulnerable to climate change .
These policymakers know that investment in alternative fuels and eco-friendly technologies will deliver a massive future pay-off in terms of a safer environment , energy independence , and sustainable growth .
But they also know that green investment can produce jobs and spur growth in the here and now .
These policies were undertaken at a time when the EU economy was doing well and -- one hopes -- with full knowledge that they would have significant costs .
To Serbia 's credit , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars .
It is a practice of acknowledgement , empathic imagination , witnessing , responsibility , solidarity , and the most concrete forms of assistance .
Although 25 countries officially stated their support for proven methods such as needle exchange and overdose prevention , the summit 's outcome was a watered-down political declaration that fails to acknowledge crucial lessons that have been learned over the last decade .
The Court declined to adopt a categorical rule barring such executions when it last heard the issue , but it acknowledged that a `` national consensus against execution of the mentally retarded may someday emerge . ''
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn -LRB- known as Koizumi Yakumo after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen -RRB- , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God .
Now we know that the unthinkable is possible .
I hope that one day , after the story of Japan 's recent calamity has been written , kizuna will become even more widely known than `` tsunami . ''
In the past , young Japanese were proud of their knowledge about cars , and every teenage boy knew which model would attract the most girls .
Kim Jong-il , who is known to have had a powerful attachment to his birth mother , can not help but have been psychologically affected by witnessing his mother 's killing .
Overall , there are at least 60 such operating restrictions -- known as `` caveats '' -- on European troops , preventing commanders from deploying military assets where they are most needed .
Everyone knows of the dangers posed by instability on the Afghan-Pakistan border , in Pakistan and the region .
In 1955 , the West was even strong enough to sign up a remarkable cast of Turkey , Iraq , Iran , and Pakistan in a kind of West Asian NATO known as the Baghdad Pact .
After the brief , unsuccessful attempt at exchange rate realignment known as the Smithsonian Agreement , the world 's major currencies were floated in February 1973 .
From the scientific point of view , the main problem is a lack of knowledge .
Despite many hundreds of well-functioning nuclear power plants , our understanding of nuclear forces is only empirical , and empirical knowledge is always imperfect .
Here , too , however , we need more precise knowledge of the properties of nuclear processes .
Their discovery should provide a clue to precise knowledge of the strong force .
But , at larger distances , comparable to the proton radius , the force becomes really strong , and a very large number of gluons is involved , forming complicated structures that are not well known today .
But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology .
For example , everyone knows how hard it was for Russia over the past decade to maintain its image as a space power .
Unlike the late Soviet elites , who were bureaucratic , risk-adverse , and competent when it came to international relations and security policies , the new Russian elite consists of the winners of the zero-sum games of the post-communist transition . They are highly self-confident , risk prone , and immensely wealthy , and Europe 's political elites , who made their careers in practicing compromise and avoiding conflicts do not know how to deal with them .
Moreover , they no longer know how their economies will be able to grow in post-crisis Europe .
So those desiring a stronger integrated EU should be rooting for a French No , knowing full well that some voting No would be doing the right thing for the wrong reasons .
A French No would sit well with the Union 's newer members from Eastern Europe , who know Chirac is not their friend , and who are more attracted by promises of rapid economic growth than social protection and corporate state mischief .
Outsiders find it difficult to compete when `` who gets what '' depends on knowing the right people .
Some Council members , unhappy with Trichet 's dovish stance at the December press conference , made their displeasure known via the press soon after .
They know that confiscating the checkbooks of Russia and Iran would probably make the world a lot safer than building another submarine or aircraft carrier .
The key to understanding financial markets , especially when they are as unsettled as they have been in recent weeks , is not a change in preferences , but inherent imperfection of knowledge and altered expectations concerning the future course of macroeconomic fundamentals .
What policy prescriptions does the `` imperfect knowledge '' approach imply for the current crisis ?
Judging by its recent policy reversal , the US Federal Reserve acts as if it were a late convert to the imperfect knowledge hypothesis . Led by Ben Bernanke , a former leading academic economist , the Fed at first fell into the trap of turning a blind eye to the wider consequences of the sub-prime mortgage crisis .
Everyone knows that the ECB can not raise interest rates now , and for some time to come .
Had that happened , there would have been an unacceptable risk that the news would leak to speculators before Société Générale had a chance to liquidate the extraordinary large stock positions that Jérôme Kerviel had amassed , presumably without the bank 's knowledge .
How can President Sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
A `` two-speed '' Europe means the end of the EU as we know it .
But today 's political parties and politicians are so well known that Polish politics is boring us to sleep .
The ruling right-leaning coalition -LRB- with `` Solidarity '' roots -RRB- is such a failure and the centrist Union of Freedom is so well known and ineffective , that people support the postcommunists simply because they have been in opposition for four years and might -LRB- just might -RRB- behave differently .
Mr. Olechowski is well known in Polish politics , for he was once a minister of finance and later a minister of foreign affairs .
Whether or not these new people will turn out to be good people is unclear , but it is becoming obvious that the sorts of people who are arriving in leadership positions are very different types of people from those that we have known -- not only in Poland but all over the democratic world .
Before explaining one of the less known aspects of his teaching , it should be emphasized that one of the comments that is now being heard repeatedly is based either on stupidity or on a lack of understanding of what the Catholic Church is about : the charge that the Pope was and is `` conservative '' is nonsense .
`` The Church acknowledges the legitimate role of profit as an indication that a business is functioning well .
Despite their harsh rhetoric , both sides know that they need to give ground -- and not just figuratively .
If Asia focuses on its trans-cultural ethical core , an entirely new spirit of unity can be developed that uses soft power instead of military force and does not know enemies , but only partners and competitors .
Had the United States known what lay ahead , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would not have remarked , after demonstrations broke out in Egypt , that the Egyptian government was `` stable . ''
For days after Egypt erupted , the Muslim Brotherhood did not know how to react , making it seem out of touch with the `` Arab street . ''
Through private discussions with trusted friends , everyone sensed that discontent was common , yet no one knew , or could know , the extent of it .
In Egypt , Tunisia , and Yemen , no one knows where power will lie in the months to come .
So far , the right-wing Sharon government , which seems to give only lip service to peace , is more than happy to engage in military actions that it knows will lead to Palestinian retaliations .
The hudna worked out between militant Palestinian groups and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- with the knowledge of the Americans -RRB- clearly lacked a major component : Israel 's assent to the agreement .
Everyone involved in attempting to resolve the Israel-Palestine conflict knows what a peace agreement between the sides will most likely look like .
Better known by its Arabic acronym , HAMAS , Yasin 's group competed with the secular PLO groups by staging amateurish attacks on Jewish settlers and kidnapping Israeli soldiers .
The Islamic Resistance Movement -LRB- known by its Arabic acronym , Hamas -RRB- , which emerged during the first Intifada in 1987 , grew more powerful in the 1990 's , after the return of the PLO 's Yasser Arafat and the creation , as a result of the Oslo Accords , of the Palestinian Authority .
For many Palestinians and Israelis , as well as for the international community , the shape and details of what would be a settlement acceptable to majorities on both sides is well known .
Direct talks also have some well-known liabilities .
Almost every learned pundit , expert , or politician in the Middle East and around the world knows pretty much what a solution to the conflict would look like -- a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders with slight land swaps and an equitable negotiated solution of the Palestinian refugee issue .
Abbas -LRB- also known as Abu Mazen -RRB- has been publicly and consistently critical of what he calls the `` militarization of the intifada . ''
Having been the mayor of Jerusalem for 10 years , you know the situation of Palestinians close up .
God knows , change is still needed on that front .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
Yet all politicians know that ambiguity and compromise tend to prevail over universal truths . Sometimes one must choose the lesser evil .
He is not naive , and knows that patience , compromise , and a policy of small steps are often needed .
I am a political practitioner , first and foremost . So I know that no theory , no amount of analysis , can free a politician from bouts of soul-searching , from troubling his or her conscience with questions about what is and what is not honest when confronting political choices .
We know that iron deficiency leads to cognitive and developmental problems .
As an historian I know the inherent risks of this option .
With over a million copies in print , the manual is known as the bible of American psychiatry ; certainly it is an invoked chapter and verse in schools , prisons , courts , and by mental-health professionals around the world .
The Caspian region accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the world 's known oil resources -- about equal to that of North Sea oil .
In April 2002 , violent demonstrations known as the `` water war '' in Bolivia forced President Hugo Bánzer to cancel the contract with the only international corporation interested in taking on the most ambitious water project ever proposed in the country .
The biggest challenge for the next government is to acknowledge the risks and dangers of the resource curse , and design a new , creative model to avoid it .
With a popular base that demands change -- and that knows that change requires gaining access to state-owned wealth -- social attitudes have developed that are receptive to the promises made by the caudillos .
This does not sound like the tolerant , fair , and just society for which Sweden would like to be known .
We know this from archaeologists and the fascination they have for medieval waste heaps .
Well known , low-cost , and low-tech interventions do not reach those most in need -- for example immunization against tetanus , exclusive breastfeeding , simple care for low-weight babies , and antibiotics for infection .
Indeed , to continue to fail the world 's at-risk children is to deliver a verdict of wanton inhumanity against ourselves , for we are a knowing party to an entirely preventable mass destruction of human life .
Physics , once the subject most dependent on mathematics , provides knowledge about the structure of atoms , and the use of mathematics there has now spread to chemistry and biology .
I know of more than 1,000 high schools that have implemented the P-C-B sequence .
Specifically , we now know that the sun 's ultraviolet radiation is the primary cause of most skin cancers .
None of the other professions listed above , however , knowingly exposes its clients to a confirmed environmental carcinogen .
The challenge to workers , employers , governments , and communities is to translate what we now know into coordinated and sustainable programs .
No Arab ruler can claim a mass following outside his country of the sort that Gamel Nasser , the Egyptian president who was also the acknowledged leader of pan-Arab aspirations , once did .
It is astonishing how little is known about the treatment of people with mental health problems in Russia .
What communism failed to provide -- modern management , new technologies , and marketing know-how -- was what multinationals could offer .
With their distribution power and detailed knowledge of the market , multinational companies ' influence could surely be leveraged to address many development problems , regardless of a country 's political or economic legacy .
A thirst for knowledge , a delight in engaging with the world , and empathy with people from different cultures are qualities that can ensure diversity in unity , and unity in diversity .
Communication between members of different cultures fails so often because we know too little about one another .
To acquire an insight into how people from other cultures perceive the world , what is required is knowledge of how they live and experience life .
Of course , multilingualism , empathy , tolerance , and the acquisition of knowledge about foreign cultures can not be decreed like taxes .
We can only know that once all economic players have the opportunity to decide freely on where they wish to place their financial assets .
Investors will know that Colombia is not a one-man show , and that the political system 's vaunted institutionalization and effective checks and balances are real .
Who loved this woman and why did he want everyone to know of his passion ?
There was never any public explanation for this message , either , just rumors - that `` Roma '' was Roman Abramovich -LRB- this was long before the tycoon bought the Chelsea football team , becoming a world celebrity -RRB- , and that he had close ties with then President Boris Yeltsin 's inner circle , known as `` the Family . ''
Even the few who claimed knowledge about Roma were unsure about who commissioned the billboard .
The ruling elite are known to be torn by disputes and rivalries .
The Chinese people will no longer know what is personal honesty or historical truth , and they will repeatedly abuse , miss , or forsake historic opportunities .
We now know that the congress had been put off for 14 years , owing to deep divisions among Cuban leaders .
Indeed , according to Raúl , the state-controlled food-rationing system is a `` factor of immobility , '' but no one knows what might replace it .
They acknowledged that under the city 's special constitution , the Basic Law , these elections could be the first opportunities for the territory to choose its representatives according to the principle of `` one person , one vote . '' But they expressed concern that major reform could undermine political stability and economic development .
Global Warnings You know how you are told to give your kids organic food because pesticides will give them cancer ?
All the while , we know of the terrible conditions that still face the majority of the world 's population , with more than a billion poor , two billion without electricity , and three billion without clean drinking water and sanitation .
After all , when you do n't know where your next meal is coming from , it 's hard to worry about what global temperatures will be 100 years from now .
A third of the world 's mammal species and more than a quarter of all known reptiles and bird species can be found there .
Improving the nutrition of infants and young children by promoting both breastfeeding and better knowledge of weaning foods would be a cost-effective opportunity , with benefits between five and seven times higher than the costs .
I am glad that he did not , and that the IPCC 's work has rightfully been acknowledged .
There is no harm in worrying about the planet . But we should be sure to look at the full picture , so that we know what to worry about first .
In democracies , we debate how much to spend on different initiatives , knowing that we do n't have infinite resources , and that sometimes throwing more money at the problem is n't the best answer .
When we talk about the environment , we know tougher restrictions will mean better protection , but with higher costs .
We have known for centuries that free trade almost always benefits both parties .
This is odd , because any reasonable understanding of how science proceeds would expect that , as we refine our knowledge , we find that things are sometimes worse and sometimes better than we expected , and that the most likely distribution would be about 50-50 .
And if we can not trust our models , we can not know what policy action to take if we want to make a difference .
It is , again , worse than we thought , and , despite our failing models , we will gamble on knowing just what to do : cut CO2 emissions dramatically .
But if stopping global warming were this easy , I -- and everybody I know -- would be painting placards for the next round of direct action .
One reason is that we do n't know how to store the energy from these sources : when the wind does n't blow and the sun does n't shine , what powers your computer or the hospital 's operating room ?
The saddest thing about the global warming debate is that nearly all of the key protagonists -- politicians , campaigners , and pundits -- already know that the old-style agreement that is on the table for Copenhagen this December will have a negligible effect on temperatures .
Less well-known pundits make similar points , suggesting that people with `` incorrect '' views on global warming should face Nuremburg-style trials or be tried for crimes against humanity .
Everybody involved in this discussion should spend more time building and acknowledging good arguments , and less time telling others what they can not say .
It is important to acknowledge that some adaptation strategies will lead to more greenhouse-gas emissions .
But this fails to acknowledge that people will change their behavior when the environment changes .
Current technology is so inefficient that -- to take just one example -- if we were serious about wind power , we would have to blanket most countries with wind turbines to generate enough energy for everybody , and we would still have the massive problem of storage : we do n't know what to do when the wind does n't blow .
Other than nuclear power -- which is still much more expensive than fossil fuels -- all of the known possibilities require significant research and development .
Climate economists widely acknowledge that there are only four policy levers that can be used in an attempt to lower carbon emissions and rein in climate change : reducing the world 's population , shrinking the global economy , increasing the efficiency of energy consumption , and decreasing carbon intensity -LRB- meaning that we create less carbon for each unit of energy that we produce -RRB- .
This awful prospect is exactly the sort of thing global-warming evangelists like Al Gore have in mind when they warn that we must take `` large-scale , preventive measures to protect human civilization as we know it . '' The rhetoric may sound extreme , but with so much hanging in the balance , surely it 's justified .
The IPCC has produced a good report -- an attempt to summarize what the world 's scientists know about global warming .
The rest of Nordbanken , now known as Nordea , proceeded to become the largest bank in Scandinavia .
This would be quite different if the identities of future victims were known at the time such decisions are taken .
Imagine that they were known , and that the individual victims of policy decisions would somehow stare into the faces of decision makers just as if they were being held at gunpoint .
But their future is unknown , as is the fate of future disaster victims .
Indeed , the Philippines is well known as a center of the illegal organ trade and a `` hot spot '' for transplant tourism .
In addition to air defenses , command centers and communications , key targets will be the offices , barracks , depots , bunkers , and any known evacuation lodgings and tented camps of Saddam 's Special and regular Republican Guards , and of his five different security organizations .
One reason is that many Africans lack the knowledge , skills , tools , and the political will to create wealth from their resources .
They must also be empowered with knowledge , skills , and tools to take action .
To determine what should be done with this windfall , it is important to know whether the increase in commodity prices is likely to be permanent or transitory .
Moreover , it could be argued that if more knowledge is not added to exports , it will be hard to achieve sustainable economic development based on natural resources .
Although their distribution is not very wide , they are shining in the darkness like daggers , letting their comrades know who is attacking the old , strong castles . ''
Most Chinese might not have known about the walkout if it had n't been for Chinese bloggers .
Microsoft 's contribution to Chinese political repression follows Yahoo 's role in the sentencing of a dissident reporter and Google 's decision not to display search results that are blocked by what has become known as the `` Great Chinese Firewall . ''
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
Muslim scholars added to the body of knowledge and developed new disciplines , such as astronomy , geography , and new branches of mathematics .
The result was intellectual regression at the very moment that Europe began embracing scientific and mathematical knowledge .
What we do know with certainty is that the regime is divided .
But such innovation does not always begin at home , which is why city governments need to know about potentially applicable ideas and lessons from other cities and countries .
So emerging markets should collaborate to develop health-knowledge networks aimed at facilitating mutual learning .
It is well known , for example , that Basaev 's fanatical killers paid off Russian militia to enter Budeonovsk in 1995 and kill hospital patients .
The Kremlin must know this already .
Third , the parliamentary majority must formally acknowledge Lahoud 's illegitimacy .
Once the president 's illegitimacy is formally acknowledged by a majority of parliamentarians , all his acts will be considered beyond his constitutional powers , and the process of electing a new president will be firmly on track .
In Europe , Germany can be confident that the US would help to contain an aggressive Russia , while Russia knows that Germany will remain tied to , and thus restrained by , the US .
I still do n't know how much of an artist I have become , but I grasp what Brancusi was saying .
They , too , know what it is like to be a refugee , an exile , a stranger .
People who know the frightening neighborhood of Tor di Quinto , where Giovanna Reggiani was killed have harsh words to say about the neglect and indifference of Rome 's city government .
Liberated from the complexity of knowing too much about the cruel past , the young people of Eastern Europe 's post-communist generation seem uninterested in what their parents and grandparents endured .
As far as we know , Kundera never was an informer before or after this incident , and we can not ignore that he later freed himself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated .
In order to understand that epoch , we have to know and carefully judge often ambiguous and overwhelming circumstances , never simplifying a multilayered daily reality for the sake of current political goals .
But , just as every act of individual and collective freedom threatened `` real socialism , '' so we must acknowledge that human freedom -- the emancipation of creativity -- means the end of certainty .
But it does extend to what economists ' can know about human behavior and the market .
How can you go home again if the sea has been sucked down a vast drain that opened up beneath it , emptying it who knows where , into a void ?
In Afghanistan , there are three principal legal references : constitutional law , the Koran , and the system of customary law known as Farhang , the most dominant and strictest version of which is called Pashtunwali -LRB- the way of the Pashtuns -RRB- .
Girls know that there are options to an unacceptable way of life : women are increasingly demanding more from life than what custom ordains .
On the contrary , between classes , during breaks in field training , and in other informal settings , some of our instructors - typically older , more experienced interrogators - let it be known through insinuation and innuendo that we could have the guards beat uncooperative subjects .
The hidden rules of the game came closest to being officially acknowledged during two uninterrupted weeks of simulated interrogations towards the end of the training course .
But this episode illustrates a fundamental and frustrating problem : the more we know about what is going on in China the less we are sure about whether China has actually become a threat .
We know China has doubled and redoubled its defense budget for , among other things , a massive weapons development program , including modernizing a deterrent and second-strike nuclear capability .
Other countries ' governments , it seems , have been trying to distance themselves from the problem , fearing a contagion that they know is likely to spread .
They know that their cities are also vulnerable to urban violence , in so far as they have pockets of social inequality , including marginalized and excluded young people .
But mayors are also the most knowledgeable about communication links within their communities , and are thus the most capable of organizing effective partnerships to address and resolve local issues .
So , while measuring nucleotide similarity in homologous regions is indeed in the 98-99 % range , this number does not incorporate or acknowledge the measured difference in the size of the human and chimp genomes , or the widespread differences in chromosome or genome structure .
As with deposit insurance , repurchase agreements solve the coordination failure problem because depositors know that , even if they wait , the bank will be able to accommodate their withdrawals .
Nepal 's Remarkable Peace KATMANDU -- Nepal 's Maoist leader , Pushpa Kamal Dahal , known as `` Prachanda , '' has now been sworn in as the first prime minister of the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , having won an overwhelming vote in the Constituent Assembly elected in April .
Others are also historically marginalized from the social and political life of the nation , notably the Dalits , sometimes known as `` untouchables , '' who are at the bottom of the Hindu caste system .
The LDP 's declining vote is attributable largely to Abe 's mishandling of pension fund issues , particularly his late admission of knowledge last December about 50 million `` lost '' pension files .
But Ozawa remains combative , hinting that the two sides are engaged in a grudge match -- and knowing that his faction can intervene through the ruling DPJ to shake up the personnel , budget , and operations of the prosecutor 's office .
In 1960 , disparities in what later came to be known as the EU-15 were about twice as large as those between US states .
Gbagbo refused to acknowledge the result , claiming vote-rigging , and was declared re-elected by the Constitutional Court , which nullified 600,000 ballots in several northern constituencies .
An oil rush is underway in the continent , because all developed countries ' national security depends on a steady oil supply , and sub-Saharan Africa owns 8 % of the world 's known reserves .
Capital flight provides creditors with the resources they need to finance additional loans to the countries from which these resources originated in the first place - a scheme known as `` round-tipping '' or `` back-to-back '' loans .
As Africans know from past experience , countries have no friends , but only interests .
They also know that the huge financial assistance which Ireland received form the European Union will never be repeated
None of the youths I talked to could give any clear explanation for their actions , except to say that an Islamic schoolteacher known as Ustadz So had recruited them into a shadowy militant movement .
Ten years ago , the gap between the number of single-market laws adopted in Brussels and those in force in the member states -- known as the `` transposition deficit '' -- stood at 6 % .
But member states should know by now that I am not a soft touch .
The fact that equity-to-asset ratios are currently averaging out at about 3 % tells you everything that you need to know about the inadequacy of the current pro-cyclical capital requirement framework .
We now know that it atrophies in a number of psychiatric disorders .
While acknowledging that trauma is often all too memorable , these certain clinical trauma theorists assert that a condition known as `` traumatic dissociative amnesia '' leaves a large minority of victims unable to recall their trauma , precisely because it was so overwhelmingly terrifying .
Instead , acknowledging Stalin is a way for Russians to recall a time of great deeds and perhaps even greater sacrifices .
Khrushchev had , of course , been an intimate part of Stalin 's repressions , but he also did n't know half of what was going on .
Although Russia 's future is uncertain , its history is becoming clearer , in part because we now know that the Twentieth Party Congress started the process that brought about the end of Soviet despotism .
There should be a monument to the Unknown Raped Woman at the ICC .
The conventional story of the crisis is well known : rising home prices fueled private consumption in the United States in the early 2000 's , despite tepid wage growth .
We now know that labor-market deregulation does not ensure economic resilience and rapid job creation .
Worse yet , the knowledge that some law or regulation covers every aspect of employment poisons the workplace and discourages attempts to resolve problems pragmatically .
When both parties to a dispute know that they are likely to end in a labor court , neither has an incentive to compromise .
Nobody knows whether the current prime ministers of the EU 's 27 member countries will choose Blair .
Few know better than the Eurocrats of Brussels that the unrest now sweeping across Arab countries was only a matter of time in coming .
The government knows that it has a political tiger by the tail , but refuses to acknowledge it , either inside China or outside .
At the beginning of the 1980 's , when Europe was faltering and the media catchword was `` Eurosclerosis , '' 50 % of people polled for the Eurobarometer surveys viewed membership as positive for their country . About 19 % said its effects were negative , and the rest did n't know .
Nobody -- not even people closely involved in the process -- really knows how the European Union 's leaders are chosen .
Immigration in Europe today is running at a higher rate than in the US , with almost two million people arriving officially every year , together with an unknown number of illegal immigrants .
With anxiety mounting across Europe that industrial lay-offs will mean major plant closures and cascading job losses in thousands of smaller companies , national governments find themselves on a collision course with the EU , though they know that their best chance of salvation lies in concerted European action .
That will be a matter of opinion until the recession begins to abate ; the truth is that we do n't yet know whether this crisis will be a snowball that grows layer by layer or an avalanche that sweeps away entire industries .
But you would n't know this from the low level of media interest .
The combination of high politics and grinding technical detail makes EU policymaking a much less interesting spectacle than national politics , and of course there 's the added problem that so many of the players are unknown foreigners .
This means creating a new generation of diplomats and democracy builders who know the region and its languages , as well as ensuring that governments maintain their commitments over the long term .
Despite these sources of concern , Italy is a robust country that knows how to deal with economic crisis .
Little more than a decade ago , European leaders announced to great fanfare the `` Lisbon Agenda , '' a policy blueprint to make Europe `` the most competitive , knowledge-based economy in the world . ''
Sun Tzu , the great Chinese philosopher of war , once wrote , `` If you know the enemy and know yourself , you need not fear the result of a hundred battles . ''
The absence of such knowledge invites trouble , often disaster .
This much we know : terrorism is fueled by anger and frustration .
Second , Burma 's generals know that they face a stark choice : either maintain power or risk imprisonment , exile , and possible death .
The US and the international community must acknowledge that today 's fast-rising China has earned the right to play an important role in shaping how the twenty-first century unfolds .
We may never know the exact number of casualties during the last phase of the conflict , because the government did not allow international organizations or media into the area .
But if you watched the Eastern Bloc 's disintegration from the ground , you would know that the process was far longer and more complex than most people realize .
Border guards , receiving no instructions and not knowing what else to do , opened them up .
This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Ceausescu did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
The rest is well-known history .
Indeed , for some , `` gene doping '' now represents the Holy Grail of performance enhancement , while for others it means the end of sports as we know it .
Less well known , but following the same pattern , are efforts being mounted to question studies documenting the adverse health effects of exposure to lead , mercury , vinyl chloride , chromium , beryllium , benzene , and a long list of pesticides and other toxic chemicals .
Nowadays , the most well known -LRB- and probably best financed -RRB- campaign to manufacture scientific doubt is being waged by the fossil fuel industry in an effort to impugn scientists ' work on issues related to climate change .
He valued freedom , authentic knowledge , independent thought , the courage of nonconformity , the spirit of resistance , the beauty of Polish romanticism , disinterested behavior , and human dignity .
People nowadays know much more about conditions in different countries than they did in the past , and if moving across a border means that their income can be multiplied several-fold , they will try to do it .
Morally , this is no different from permitting the construction of an unsafe dam or knowingly administering a contaminated vaccine .
It has been known for decades that breast-fed children get sick with diarrhea and other infections less often than those fed with formula .
This improvement is thought to be caused by the antimicrobial effect of lactoferrin and lysozyme , long known to be the primary protective proteins in breast milk .
But even professional regulators , who should know better , sometimes get sidetracked by this sort of misapprehension , and overreact .
These include growth-hormone deficiency of unknown cause or as a result of impairment of the pituitary gland 's ability to produce the hormone , owing to traumatic injury or irradiation to treat cancer .
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
The goal of `` synthetic biology , '' as the field is known , is to move microbiology and cell biology closer to the approach of engineering , so that standardized parts can be mixed , matched , and assembled -- just as off-the-shelf chassis , engines , transmissions , and so on can be combined to build a hot-rod .
In 2002 , a research group at the State University of New York , Stony Brook , created a functional , infectious poliovirus solely from basic , off-the-shelf chemical building blocks . Their only blueprint for engineering the genome was the known sequence of RNA -LRB- which comprises the viral genome and is chemically very similar to DNA -RRB- .
We do know that acupuncture is a safe , inexpensive , widely accepted , and potentially effective therapy .
But perhaps he knows better .
Indeed , in many cases , the CEO -- frequently a Wall Street-endorsed `` superstar '' parachuted in to `` shake things up '' -- now is the company , despite having little knowledge of its products , customers , and competitors .
To appreciate the implications of this , it is important to know the background .
`` Good government '' remains the public 's biggest concern , and the BJP knows that murderous riots will undermine its claim to be delivering such .
Because they know they are less potent , particularly in demographic and economic terms , Russians feel they have to do `` more . ''
He knows that the `` return of France '' as an influential actor in Europe presupposes a France that is closer to America , which will automatically bring France closer to Germany and Great-Britain , not to mention Poland and Italy .
China may play the victim versus the West , but its leaders know that their country is back on the world scene at a level that they deem appropriate and legitimate .
Asians are slow to acknowledge that power entails international responsibility .
Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans ' suffering , Obama knows only too well that the `` audacity of hope '' will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
I suspect that European leaders will not respond eagerly . Most are convinced that there is no military solution in Afghanistan and they know that public opinion , especially in time of great economic hardship , has no appetite for such operations .
But , above all , Europe suffers from an identity deficit , for no one seems to know what it means to be a European nowadays .
Such a choice can encourage the most dangerous nationalist tendencies within a society that does not know , especially young people , what hides behind the silence and official lies .
Between the two extreme of the Balkans and China , the relationship between `` Memory '' and `` History '' knows so many shades of gray .
One must know the past , not to risk repeating it , but also in order to transcend it .
It started with the Jews and acknowledgement that the Vichy regime did indeed incarnate the French state . Thus `` France '' itself was an accomplice to the crimes of the Nazi regime .
But is acknowledging past guilt only a way to facilitate the integration of minorities ?
We know all too well what horrors grow from the combination of fear , hatred , and de-humanization .
It is about lasting peace and shared prosperity . We know we can do it .
As is well known , this will happen in close cooperation with Greece .
These infections are known as the Neglected Tropical Diseases -LRB- NTDs -RRB- .
Innovation is the production of new knowledge that generates value .
I soon realized that these clever ideas had already been developed by the theory of knowledge and the philosophy of science .
Indeed , innovation is simply a subset of scientific knowledge .
According to the school of rational criticism , when existing theories can neither explain nor solve current problems , the formulation of new hypotheses -- and thus new scientific knowledge -- is , like innovation , more likely to flourish when constructive criticism is openly allowed and encouraged .
Scientific knowledge is more likely to emerge in environments where it is accepted that there are no prescribed or logical methods for formulating hypotheses ; that they may be the result of sudden inspiration ; or that they may come from dreams , from other disciplines , or from people that belong to different professions or have different backgrounds .
It has to be subject to open criticism from all directions , and only if it survives these tests and criticisms may it be adopted as tentative and conjectural new knowledge .
Science and knowledge are made up not of winners , but of survivors of continuous and systematic efforts to refute .
No book on innovation that I have read makes the connection between innovation and the theory of knowledge and philosophy of science .
This is unfortunate , because the theories of innovation may be subject to all the questions , conjectures , and answers that these disciplines have developed with respect to scientific knowledge .
Should business administration students and future business managers immerse themselves in the philosophy of science , they would not only become more knowledgeable and have greater respect for science ; they might also become more rigorous and more competent , have greater respect for other disciplines , and be more humble .
But it is past time that some basic principles in the theory of knowledge and of philosophy of science be introduced into schools of business administration .
But , while anybody with a little know-how can figure out how to circumvent , say , the `` Great Firewall of China , '' Internet filtering is only one layer of Chinese Internet censorship .
This is what happened to a Georgian -LRB- known by the screen name cyxymu -RRB- who used his blog on LiveJournal to criticize how both governments handled last summer 's war .
Instead , the party long defended the theory of a revolutionary `` rupture '' with capitalism , never clearly acknowledging its reformist nature .
Still , it is not what we do n't know about the stimulus plan that is troublesome .
It should also be emphasized that much less is known about trans fat consumption in developing countries .
It seems most likely , but no one really knows .
As for developing countries , while they would not have explicit credits or targets until they graduate to advanced-country status , they would know that at some point -LRB- say , when their carbon emissions reach the average level of advanced countries -RRB- they would be included in the global system of restrictions .
Emissions and natural processes that increase atmospheric carbon are known as `` flows . ''
Despite the IPCC 's target for annual per capita CO2 emissions , we still do not know how much warming various levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause .
As these are still unknown today , the initial challenge will be to jump-start the mitigation and learning processes , and create powerful incentives for technology that will increase energy efficiency and reduce CO2 emissions in the long run .
Little wonder , then , that many knowledgeable analysts reasonably expect post-crisis growth in advanced countries to be lower , perhaps by 0.5 to 1 % .
Put another way , when returns seem abnormally high for an extended period , they probably are , and something -- even if we do n't know in advance what -- is likely to bring them down .
It should be acknowledged that Ben Ali strengthened the foundations of Tunisian exceptionalism , furthering gender equality and separation of religion and state .
Many young European voters , who may know better , will most likely not look kindly at such opportunistic tactics .
He also drew on the philosophy of `` personalism , '' which was highly fashionable in the 1930 's , as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism , and insisted that `` persons '' always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge .
In a much criticized speech in Rome at the end of 2007 , Sarkozy acknowledged the Christian roots of France , `` the eldest daughter of the Church '' ; he also praised Islam during a visit to Saudi Arabia .
It is clearly helpful for immigrants to get hints about how to navigate daily life practically -- such as norms about standing in line . But this kind of local knowledge should not be subject to testing .
But it is a reasonable expectation -- often legitimately reinforced through civic education for all children -- that citizens know how to participate in public affairs , and especially that they know what their and others ' rights are .
PRINCETON -- By now , everyone knows that Germany is calling the shots not just in the eurozone , but across all of Europe .
Deep down , however , everybody knows that there is no way back to Bonn .
WASHINGTON , DC -- In recent decades , economists have been struggling to make use of the concept of human capital , often defined as the abilities , skills , knowledge , and dispositions that make for economic success .
To the extent that human capital involves character traits and varieties of `` know-how '' that are transmitted within the realms of the family and the community , rather than by formal education , it becomes both methodologically elusive and difficult to manipulate by public policy .
For one thing , Jews had more experience with commerce than most other groups , and the tacit knowledge of buying , selling , and calculating advantage that was passed on in families with ties to business helps explain why Jews tended to be better at it .
And , unfortunately , such assessments tend to focus on the supposed immobilism that derives from Islamic norms , which obscures knowledge of the real changes that are taking place .
Little known to the outside world is China 's gulag archipelago of Ankang -LRB- `` Peace and Health '' -RRB- institutions .
But it is difficult to know how deep that adjustment has gone .
But a country does not fail of its own volition , nor is it weakened by unknown causes .
Some Albanians claim that these allegations are Serbian propaganda . But there are many Albanians who know differently , and believe that Kosovo is failing to come to terms with the acts of a few rogue fighters .
After all , Ethiopia has never known democracy .
As far as we know , Bush has not gone that far .
After all , while a speaker can reasonably take care not to express views that will lead to imminent violence , if listeners have unlimited discretion in determining what causes offense , the speaker can never know what will so offend some people near or far at some time in the future that they will commit violence .
Yet , to my knowledge , none of those investigations so far has resulted in the criminal prosecution and punishment of any Israeli soldier or official for a human-rights abuse committed against a civilian in Gaza .
Although we can not know how many lives would be lost and how much misery would be inflicted in an invasion of Iraq to oust Saddam 's regime , the cost would unquestionably be great .
international humanitarian law -- also known as the laws of war -- to which the US is also a party through its ratification of the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and through its acceptance that certain provisions of the First Additional Protocol of 1977 have the status of customary international law that is binding on America as on all other governments .
Ashcroft is much less known internationally than Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , but he is an even match in arousing dislike for the US among those who do know him .
Health Food Truths `` Low-carbohydrate '' pasta is in a category of health foods known in the trade as `` lesser evils '' -- foods with fewer unwanted calories , fat , trans fat , sugars , salt , or carbohydrates .
When I ask friends and colleagues why they buy the bars , they say : `` Because I know they are healthy and I do n't care how they taste . ''
Sweden has long been known for its lifestyle liberalism . Swedes are overwhelmingly secular and indifferent toward the Swedish church .
Indeed , China 's pandering to dictators in its quest for resources contradicts its long-term interest in being acknowledged as a benign and legitimate power and commanding the international respect that it craves .
The OVR first became an ally of the Unity party , and then merged with it into what became known as United Russia , helping it become this year 's clear front-runner .
Later , scanning through the brain , every time we find a tagged cell we know that it was born at the time we furnished the DNA .
It came as a great surprise when we discovered that the cells giving birth to the new neurons were a type called radial glia , which were thought not to occur in adulthood and were not known to give birth to neurons .
As far as known , only a small fraction of all brain cells fall into the replaceable class ; when other kinds of neurons die , they are not replaced .
We now know that the brain has the potential to grow new brain cells to replace others that have died . This potential could be used to repair damaged circuits .
It is no coincidence that a well-known book on developmental psychology bears the title The Scientist in the Crib , a work that traces the parallels between small children 's behavior and the processes and research strategies that are usual in science .
But the urge for knowledge that drives inborn curiosity to transcend given horizons does not remain uncurbed .
The more that unexpected results , brought forth by research in the laboratory , are a precondition for further innovations , the more pressure there is to bring the production of knowledge under control , to direct research in specific directions , and to tame scientific curiosity .
But curiosity must not be limited too severely , lest science 's ability to produce new knowledge be lost .
It is fairly safe to predict that learning in a knowledge-intensive society will continue at a heightened pace , both at the workplace and outside of it .
Indeed , the societal wealth created through the Industrial Revolution is partly due to this new diffusion of knowledge and skills .
The aim is no longer to become `` the world 's most competitive knowledge economy , '' as disingenuously announced in 2000 .
Currently , a three-pronged strategy can be discerned for the `` what '' : knowledge for growth -LRB- economic recovery and prosperity -RRB- ; knowledge for society -LRB- tackling the grand challenges ahead , from climate change and energy security to healthy aging -RRB- ; and knowledge for science -LRB- nurturing Europe 's science and technology base , which remains indispensible for innovation -RRB- .
The ERC puts its trust into the researchers it funds to know where the `` frontier '' of science is .
The Kibaki government should be acknowledged for gracefully conceding defeat , but true credit goes to the Kenyan public for its unwillingness to allow the authorities to dispense with the rule of law .
We know what we must do , and we can do it .
Kofi Annan , Chairperson of the Board of the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa -LRB- AGRA -RRB- , has acknowledged this isolation : `` The average African smallholding farmer swims alone .
His observation that the US-China relationship will shape the twenty-first century was not a statement of preference , but an acknowledgement of reality .
This requires a Europe that knows its own mind , so that it can approach the US -- and the rest of the world -- with a clearer eye and a harder head .
We know by now what our problems are as women in the West , and we know the blueprint for solving them . What we lack now is not analysis , but the organizational and political will to do so .
If there is to be a genuine review of the accusations against these detainees , how can it be known in advance that the third category will be required ?
That lawyer , Elizabeth Gilson , probably knows al-Hanashi 's state of mind before he died , but the US government will not allow her to talk about it .
The head of a famous journalism school , echoing sentiments common among her peers , told me recently , `` We are preparing students to enter a profession that wo n't exist as we know it by the time they graduate . ''
But I do know that that goal is far more likely to be achieved if newspapers take their readers seriously and train them as documentarians of their own communities and of their own moments .
Similarly , Mugabe is known to favor transferring power to an interim government led by his long-time ally , Emmerson Mnangagwa , if he decides that the time has come to step down .
If states feel compelled to act in the case of Council stalemate , they should know that they would do less damage to their reputations if they act within the Panel 's guidelines for legitimacy , even if they fail to satisfy its criterion for legality .
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld said he did not know what soft power was .
We will not know for some time , but the debaters should recall Thucydides ' warning more than two millennia ago that belief in the inevitability of conflict can become one of its main causes .
That many governments outside the US are skeptical about any US-led invasion of Iraq , when not openly opposed to it , is well known .
During President George W. Bush 's first term , Secretary of State Colin Powell understood and referred to soft power , whereas Rumsfeld , when asked about soft power in 2003 , replied `` I do n't know what it means . ''
Rumsfeld may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice .
At the same time , however , Iran knows how costly it would be for the Americans -LRB- and perhaps the Israelis -RRB- to use force , which reduces the effect of the threat .
Kim knows that the five other countries in the six-party talks are divided .
Hierarchies are becoming flatter , and knowledge workers respond to different incentives and political appeals .
And , in an age of flatter hierarchies and empowered knowledge workers , soft power is likely to increase in importance .
Smart warriors , however , know how to lead with more than just the use of force .
Nature and nurture intertwine , but nurture is much more important in the modern world than the heroic paradigm acknowledges .
So far as we know , its leaders have kept their word .
The Climate of Security CAMBRIDGE -- While George W. Bush has begun to acknowledge the risks of global climate change , his administration failed to lead on the issue for eight years .
America 's Crisis Election CAMBRIDGE -- On November 4 , Americans will elect their 44th president amidst the worst financial turmoil the country has known since the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 . Both candidates are United States senators with little experience as executives , so their ability to manage the crisis has become a central issue in the election .
The US had no way of knowing whether the Russian government had been involved .
White-collar knowledge workers respond to different incentives and political appeals than do blue-collar industrial workers .
Since 1973 , 30 previously unknown infectious diseases have emerged , and other familiar diseases have spread geographically in new , drug-resistant forms .
It produces the tacit knowledge that is crucial in a crisis .
The United States Army categorizes leadership learning under three words : `` be , know , do . ''
The North Koreans have violated their agreements , knowing that China , the country with the greatest potential leverage , is most concerned about regime collapse in North Korea , and thus the threat of chaos on its borders .
But , as Barack Obama said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` we must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
Instead , they advocate diplomacy `` on steroids , '' staffed by diplomats trained in new media , cross-cultural communications , granular local knowledge , and networks of contacts with under-represented groups .
The sender knows what she says , but not always what the targets hear .
According to a press account , `` the top military brass listened sympathetically , '' but when someone asked Rumsfeld for his opinion on soft power , he replied , `` I do n't know what it means . ''
Modern media also help new immigrants to know more about their new country beforehand than immigrants did a century ago .
Network organizations -LRB- such as the G-20 -RRB- are used for setting agendas , building consensus , coordinating policy , exchanging knowledge , and establishing norms .
But , with 15,000 artillery tubes embedded in the Demilitarized Zone , just 30 miles north of Seoul , North Korea knows that firing just a few shells could wreak havoc on the South Korean stock market and economy , while it has less to lose in comparison .
The basic point is that no one , including the Chinese , knows how China 's political future will affect its economic growth .
Even if this were an accurate assessment of China 's intentions -LRB- and even Chinese can not know the views of future generations -RRB- , it is doubtful that China will have the military capability to make this possible .
As US President Barack Obama said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
They have sought to capitalize on the vacuum of knowledge in Ireland regarding EU affairs and the `` Yes '' side 's relative lateness to mobilize .
Although this concession is not yet a done deal , there is increasing acknowledgment that it would give Dublin considerable breathing space to conduct a more effective second referendum campaign .
We know from experience that there are many regulations that make sense , not just those now sanctioned by the IMF .
This new , decentralized free-market regime currently encompasses only a small part of China 's vast territory , and many Chinese officials still refuse to acknowledge its existence .
If they were separate nations , five of them -- the Yangtze Delta , the Northeastern Tristates area -LRB- formerly known as Manchuria -RRB- , the Pearl River Delta , the Beijing-Tianjin corridor , and Shandong -- would rank among Asia 's ten largest economies .
Introduction of foreign companies , technologies , and unfettered mobility for corporations and people would all be viewed as a threat to the Communist system if it were publicly acknowledged .
Even top communists appear to acknowledge and embrace change .
Even before he became premier , Mr. Zhu , as the president of China 's central bank , was known as the architect of China 's 8 % annual economic growth in the 1990s and the mastermind of its successful fight against inflation .
Hamas and other armed groups , I know , have launched rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip that have killed civilians in Israeli towns and villages .
Head banging or screaming can , for example , be misinterpreted as being part of the intellectual disability rather than an expression of discomfort or depression -- a phenomenon known as `` diagnostic overshadowing . '' Unfortunately , annual health checks that screen for physical and mental-health changes and epilepsy are not routine in many countries .
Africa 's development challenges are well known .
It is also well known that European productivity is falling behind , too , probably due to the same factors that make Europe seem dull , cautious , and lacking in ambition when compared with many of its competitors .
Europe should react to this Russian proposal , first , by acknowledging that Russia has a critical role to play in transatlantic security , and that it should be treated not only with caution , but also with respect .
Capturing the energy efficiency prize is critical both to climate and energy security -- and it relies on a well-known set of policy signals and a proven set of technologies .
He needs to strike a new bargain with Belarusians , and he knows it : economic modernization with political `` stability . ''
As inflation skyrocketed , Belarusians bought anything of value that they could , from food to used cars . Belarus , which had been known -LRB- and praised by some -RRB- as a socialist haven in Europe , with a relatively generous welfare state and decent , if low , wages , suddenly has become an economic basket case .
Far from acknowledging this reality , EU members - old and new , big and small - insist on having an equal say in foreign policy decisions .
It is essential to distinguish between what we know , what we ought to know -- and what , therefore , we would like the Iranians to tell us -- and what is speculation .
It will include direct financing , credit enhancements , and guarantees -- a subsidy to a sector known for its risky non-performing operations at the ADB -- as well as business-friendly regulations and removal of market `` barriers , '' which include social and labor rights .
This period came to be known as the `` lost decade . '' UNICEF responded with Adjustment with a Human Face , which argued that children must be protected during economic crises .
Publicly acknowledging that the US `` has been the largest historic emitter of greenhouse gases , '' she declared that the America `` must lead efforts to cut harmful emissions and build a lower carbon-economy . ''
Each packs the kind of soft , utilitarian powers of persuasion that Chinese leaders are most willing to embrace : academic degrees from prestigious universities , advanced scientific and technological knowledge , high office , and a Nobel Prize .
Chu emphasized this point in his Tsinghua University speech , calling the global climate situation `` very disturbing , '' and stressing that we were `` all in it together . '' `` The developed world did make the problem ... I admit that , '' he acknowledged to his rapt audience .
This part of China 's southwest , known for its abundant rainfall , mountains , underground rivers and caves , and tropical flora , has recently been gripped by a drought that many say is the worst since the Ming Dynasty .
The two sides must step back , look at the situation dispassionately , acknowledge the deficiencies in the protocols , address the other side 's minimum requirements , and bear in mind that a single document will not heal all wounds or wipe out all fears .
China 's pool of licensed drivers is growing exponentially , and India is a decade into one of the largest road-building projects in history , a 3,600-mile superhighway known as the Golden Quadrilateral , which links the country 's four largest cities , plus an extensive network of feeder roads .
So you consult scientific colleagues who have known for years how you 've been developing your theory .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
Toledo had every reason to seek Villanueva 's help : as everyone knows , despite being locked up at the Callao Naval Base , Vladimiro Montesinos continues to exercise influence and can find ways to bring down Toledo 's government .
At the same time , acknowledging that in Peru there has made little progress in fighting poverty , she is promising to create 650,000 jobs a year .
Instead , the blame should be shared by those who knew , or should have known , about the risks of giving up the ability to set interest rates in individual countries .
We know that extremely low real interest rates produce massive expansion of credit .
Greece knows this very well .
This reflects our current era , in which new knowledge , ideas , and possibilities have made our identities richer , more fluid , and less subject to fate .
I know this mindset well .
That the Latin American right can sleep at night despite this leftward tide is not merely the result of communism 's disappearance , nor does it mean that the US has given up its hegemonic intentions . The explanation lies in the fact that much of today 's left is not the left as we have known it .
What if this life were closer to the sort of mechanical devices humans know how to build , but on a very small scale .
There are no assemblers , and nobody really knows how to build one .
He promised to punish me , and that he would act the next time Haykakan Zhamanak criticized any well-known person .
Despite immediate attempts by his lawyers to locate him , his whereabouts remained unknown for days .
In the most recent elections , Zimbabweans made their choice known , despite serious obstacles and widespread repression , with the MDC 's presidential candidate , Morgan Tsvangirai , gaining more votes than Mugabe .
The English writer G.K. Chesterton once wrote , `` The disadvantage of men not knowing the past is that they do not know the present . ''
Second , in order to understand how to cope with the problems that plague us -- from terrorism to nuclear proliferation -- it is sensible to know how and whence they emerged .
Moreover , some sorts of knowledge can rapidly become redundant .
Citizens know that running a country , especially in a time like this , is tough .
Jawaharlal Nehru was hugely popular because he was known to cherish free speech , take seriously the views of his critics , and defend their right to disagree with him .
For centuries , the Protestant and Catholic tribes had intermittently clashed , and over a period of three decades -- a time euphemistically known as `` the Troubles '' -- terrorism had claimed more than 3,000 lives and tens of thousands of injuries .
Do American air travelers know just how bad the service that they get really is ?
1930 's appeasement -- a word that elides diplomatic engagement and the rejection of military options -- was said to remind us of what would happen if South Vietnam was not defended and Iraq not invaded . We know what happened in both countries .
The designated successor to Mao Zedong in China , Hua Guofeng , raised this attitude to an art form . He was known as a `` whateverist . ''
It would be interesting to know how many of those at Beijing 's Central Party School -- the party 's main educational institute -- believe that the Chinese state is about to wither away , or ever will .
We know that despite its great wealth -- and its groundbreaking medical research -- America 's health-care system is awful .
Those were the days when global peace was sustained by a concept known suitably enough by the acronym MAD -- Mutually Assured Destruction .
At a gala reception , he went up to one guest , mistaking him for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law . `` I would n't know , '' the man replied , `` I 'm from Alabama . ''
I know of no better , more fascinating `` warts and all '' portrait of any political leader than Li 's book , The Private Life of Chairman Mao .
But Obama also knows that if the existing nuclear states want others to accept tougher restrictions , they will have to cut back their nuclear arsenals .
Fortunately , he is smart enough to know this .
These are fairly ritualistic issues , and Chinese officials are smart enough to know that , given the Chinese government 's recent behavior , Obama had little choice but to decide on them as he did .
They know , however , a chance for making good profits in a rapidly expanding market when they see one .
Of course , they know much better than any visitor the many problems India still must tackle -- social , environmental and economic , with many accompanying issues in the security domain .
LONDON -- Volcanoes have consequences -- and I 'm not just thinking about the chaos caused to air travel by Iceland 's unpronounceable last eruption -LRB- known to the Pentagon as E-15 -RRB- .
Corporate sin is not unknown in the US .
Americans ' knowledge of what happens abroad is limited , and often reduced to a cartoon-strip view of the rest of the world .
Americans identify BP as a British firm , and they know that Britain is in Europe .
We know that a 17-fold increase in the carbon dioxide in our atmosphere over the last century is part of the price of the surge in our prosperity , and that the world 's poorest citizens will bear the heaviest burden in paying it .
We know already about heavy attendance at the country 's mosques .
Even in the most Godless households , most children in Western societies probably know the details of the Christmas story .
There are Christians who know all about the fire and brimstone of the Book of Revelation , but seem not to have heard the instructions about generosity in the Sermon on the Mount .
While the world 's democracies are not slow to criticize American leadership , they know that they rely on the US in tackling most serious global problems .
They must know that this measure will have as much effect on food inflation as rain dancing has on the weather .
We know what happened .
It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Rather , we now know that Japan 's economic difficulties were caused by the growth , and then collapse , of a huge asset bubble , and the failure to use monetary policy to prevent deflation after the bubble burst .
The fishing industry is , on its own , incapable of reversing the `` fishing down '' trend , notwithstanding arguments by commentators who should know better .
We now know that the apparent increases in global fish catches in the 1990 's were due to massive over-reporting to the FAO by China .
We also know that fish catches can remain high -LRB- and in fact usually do -RRB- even as stocks collapse , as illustrated by cod off Eastern Canada , which yielded good catches until the fishery had to be closed because there were literally no fish left .
An individual who did n't distinguish between his or her own child and an unknown child in a faraway land -- who felt the same love and the same obligation toward both -- would hardly be human anymore .
But acknowledging the East Europeans ' dilemma is in no way to forgive Chirac 's arrogant blow against the unity of the Continent as a whole .
Rumsfeld 's remarks were divisive because Western Europe seems to know even less than the Americans about Europe 's eastern half .
On the contrary , they knew that they would have to do most of the work themselves -- albeit under EU guidance and with the help of EU know-how .
Today , we know that only a political process that takes each party 's legitimate national interests into account can reduce the risk of renewed violent conflict in the Middle East .
First , they know that an understanding with the US would be popular , particularly among educated youth and the business community .
The bridge was of a relatively new type , known as a cantilever , which had become quite fashionable .
This was known to Vitruvius , who wrote about Greek and Roman engineering more than 2,000 years ago .
It was also known to Galileo , who noted that Renaissance engineers who followed successful methods of building ships and moving obelisks were often surprised by the spontaneous failures when tried with larger ships and obelisks .
The history of engineering is no mere adjunct to technical know-how .
Whether there will be a major cable-stayed bridge failure soon - or around the year 2030 - will most likely depend not so much on computer analyses as on how well engineers know their history and are determined not to repeat it .
Might the uncertainties raised by entering into such unknown territory exact a serious toll on private investment activity ?
Not all the instruments for creating that prosperity are known , of course . Yet many are .
A company 's knowledge of the future results of a new business undertaking is imperfect to say the least .
An investor 's knowledge of the results of a decision to buy this or that asset , financial or real , is likewise imperfect .
So an economy 's dynamism depends on enough people daring to act in spite of how little they know .
Hedge funds , venture capital firms that actually venture into new things , and recreated merchant banks are relatively well suited to make financial decisions that require judgment , the ability to engage the unknown , and to do so over a horizon not dictated by quarterly earnings .
The analysis acknowledges that , within a wide range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators could .
One could have predicted in advance of the recent boom how the 12 large OECD economies would rank simply by knowing the percentage of the population with a university degree , the OECD index of barriers to entrepreneurs , and the breadth of the stock exchange -LRB- measured by the market value of outstanding shares relative to GDP years before the boom -RRB- .
It is useful to know that there is vastly more to creating economic dynamism than private property ; and that high unemployment is not to be laid solely to labor market restrictions .
NEW YORK -- Ignorance is the root of all evil , according to Plato , who also famously gave us a still-current definition of its opposite : knowledge .
For Plato , knowledge is `` justified true belief . ''
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
Consider something that we all think we know : the earth is -LRB- approximately -RRB- round .
The obvious place to begin would be to point to the aforementioned satellite images , but then our skeptical interlocutor could reasonably ask if you know how those images were obtained .
Naturally , you would have to be in a position to explain -- if challenged -- what an eclipse is and how you know that .
You see where this could easily go : if we push far enough , most of us do not actually know , in the Platonic sense , much of anything .
Socrates , Plato 's teacher , famously goaded the Athenian authorities by maintaining that he was wiser than the Oracle at Delphi , who claimed to be the wisest , because he , unlike most people -LRB- including the Athenian authorities -RRB- , knew that he did not know anything .
Whether Socrates ' humility was sincere or a secret joke at the expense of the powers that be -LRB- before said powers put him to death after tiring of his irreverence -RRB- , the point is that the beginning of wisdom lies in the recognition of how little we really know .
You can think of the paradox in another way : we live in an era when knowledge -- in the sense of information -- is constantly available in real time through computers , smart phones , electronic tablets , and book readers .
After all , we do know that it is our future .
For every one of the world 's 10,000 bird species , there may be 10 or perhaps even 100 other unknown species of animals , plants , or fungi .
The number of species known to have expired between 1500 and 1800 is increasing as taxonomists describe new species from skeletal remains they find in caves , for example , where bones survive .
This means that most of what we know about birds and their extinctions dates from the 1800 's .
To get an accurate picture of extinction , we must adjust the total number of extinctions for the length of time science has known bird species .
Certainly , some other species also benefit from the protections that we afford birds , but many other species do not . Moreover , human actions threaten substantially higher proportions of other well-known groups -- such as flowering plants and amphibians .
But we need this wall to tumble if we do not want to miss today 's revolution , which is delivering societies based on knowledge , technology , and information .
A second argument is that `` we do not know enough about the effects and side effects . '' Since some of the groups opposing GM organisms destroy the field trials that could give us more knowledge , a more pertinent argument might be that many opponents do not want us to know more .
Not only is Russia building a civilian nuclear reactor in Iran , thereby helping to advance Iranian knowledge of the nuclear process ; it is also reluctant to support efforts by the United Nations Security Council to press Iran not to develop nuclear weapons .
We still can not name its players , but we are aware of its interests and impact on events in the same way that astronomers discern a new but invisible planet by recording its impact on known and visible objects in space .
One indication that something new is affecting Russian policy is provided by those loyal Kremlin pundits who are known for their gift of unmistakably guessing their masters ' changing moods .
While no one yet knows the national plutocrats ' names , I believe that they are new , influential players in or associated with the Kremlin , and that they have now become bold enough to challenge both Putin and Medvedev .
The lion 's share of the technologies , know-how , and a substantial proportion of the investment , needs to come from Europe and the USA . ''
Americans think they know what it is : a central government with a large budget -LRB- about 20 % of GDP -RRB- , whose macroeconomic role is to carry out counter-cyclical spending and taxation , as most US states are constitutionally committed to some sort of balanced budget .
Germans , who since reunification in 1990 know what they are talking about when it comes to such transfers , do not want to hear about a Europe where rich regions would permanently finance pockets of under-development .
If one wants to know how to deal with a banking crisis , the risk of a depression , or the threat of a default , it is natural to examine times when those dangers were around , rather than to rely on models that ignore such dangers or treat them as distant clouds .
Policymakers -LRB- whose knowledge of economic history is generally limited -RRB- are therefore at risk of being drowned in contradictory historical references .
China knows that the current situation is not sustainable , but it remains reluctant to move aggressively to let the renminbi strengthen .
A humane version of the biomedical sciences would , for instance , acknowledge that it is not about to transcend the limits of the human body , and so it would no longer make promises that it can not keep .
Beyond that , a science that acknowledges an unconscious component in its operations , if not in its methodology , will best serve its practitioners as human beings , as well as being most likely to generate lasting value for the rest of us .
Thaksin knows this .
They know that elected politicians are prone to graft , but now refuse blatant disenfranchisement and the formation of governments like Abhisit 's , which was brokered in an army barracks .
At issue in the conflict is 4.6 square kilometers that adjoin a millennium-old Hindu temple known as `` Preah Vihear '' to Cambodians and `` Phra Viharn '' to Thais .
In its 9-to-3 verdict , the ICJ ruled that Cambodia 's map , drawn up by French surveyors in 1904-1907 , put the temple area in Cambodia , and that Thailand -LRB- known as Siam until 1939 -RRB- had not objected previously .
Practically everyone knows what is unacceptable , and what needs to be eliminated .
But we simply do n't know what should replace things that are eliminated .
The biggest one is that it was the type of disaster to which policymakers pay too little attention -- one that has a very low or unknown probability of occurring , but that creates enormous losses if it does occur .
Great as the death toll , physical and emotional suffering of survivors , and property damage caused by the tsunami were , even greater losses could be inflicted by other disasters of low -LRB- but not negligible -RRB- , or unknown , probability .
India acknowledges in the document that Tibet is part of China and proscribes anti-Chinese activities by Tibetans from Indian soil .
We need to recognize that what really matters is n't buying more and more consumer goods , but family , friends , and knowing that we are doing something worthwhile with our lives .
But , at the same time , our greater knowledge surely forces us to acknowledge that our place in the universe is not particularly significant .
While seeing the Earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us , he said , it also `` underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another , and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot , the only home we 've ever known . '' Al Gore used the `` pale blue dot '' image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go .
MacAskill , in a statement to the Scottish Parliament defending his decision , refrained from quoting from the best-known speech on mercy in the English language -- that of Portia in Shakespeare 's The Merchant of Venice -- but Portia 's words would have fitted the core of his statement .
Portia acknowledges that Shylock is under no obligation to show mercy to Antonio , who is in breach of his agreement to him .
MacAskill acknowledged that Megrahi himself showed no compassion , but rightly points out that this alone is not a reason to deny him compassion in his final days .
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
The artificial heart machine , also known as a left ventricular assist device , or LVAD , has been used to keep patients alive until they receive a heart transplant .
But the retreat slowed after the mid-1990 's until , for some of the biggest and best-known glaciers , such as Gangotri and Siachen , it had `` practically come to a standstill during the period 2007-2009 . ''
We know from experience that neither political pressures nor economic sanctions hurt Saddam enough .
He is weaker militarily now than then , he can not hit the US directly , and he must know that fresh aggression would bring the house down upon him .
If bankers know in advance that insolvent banks will be closed , and that lobbying to keep them open will not work , they will take fewer risks and the likelihood of their activities giving rise to a full-blown banking crisis will be reduced .
The court , for example , required Musharraf to present alleged terror suspects -- some of whome were likely `` rendered '' to Pakistan by the CIA -- detained for years without government acknowledgment .
The US must improve the education and skills of significant parts of its labor force , so that they can produce more of the high-quality knowledge and service-sector exports in which the US specializes .
The dominant `` efficient markets theory '' says only that markets reflect what is publicly known , and that it is hard to make money off markets consistently -- something verified by the hit that most investor portfolios took in the crisis .
The debate does not lead to agreement , moderate voters do not know what to believe , and policy choices ultimately follow the path of least resistance -- until they run into a brick wall .
Israeli officials tacitly acknowledge the risk .
The Treaty 's principles remain bold : the pact 's five acknowledged nuclear weapons states -- the US , Britain , France , Russia , and China -- promise to eliminate their nuclear arsenals , and the remaining parties commit not to acquire nuclear weapons in exchange for the right to develop civil nuclear power , with international assistance , subject to binding safeguards .
Israel has never acknowledged having nuclear weapons , let alone the size and scope of its arsenal .
Indeed , a fundamental lesson of terrorist attacks and insurgencies , we now know , is that no nation , however self-sufficient , can afford to remain heedless of whether others sink or swim .
The government denied this , claiming that the experiments were conducted without its knowledge by academic researchers `` for scientific interest . ''
East Timor 's Example MANILA &#45; &#45; East Timor , now known as Timor-Leste , is the world 's newest democracy .
For many years , the IMF has engaged its member countries in a process known as `` surveillance , '' in which it monitors , analyzes , and consults on each country 's economic policies -- both exchange rate policies and relevant domestic policies .
But if bankers know that they will be bailed out in bad times , they have an incentive to make risky loans .
The bean is consumed throughout Mexico and by Mexicans and Mexican-Americans in the US who know it by the names Mayocoba , Canario , or Peruano .
In January 2000 , the Action Group on Erosion , Technology and Concentration -LRB- ETC Group , then known as RAFI -RRB- published the first denunciation of the Enola patent as technically invalid and morally unacceptable .
Acknowledging this , CGIAR signed a Trust Agreement with the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- in 1994 , pledging to keep the seeds in their collections free of any intellectual property claims .
The Enola controversy is a stark illustration of the danger of patenting life , and the power of patents to block agricultural imports , disrupt or destroy developing countries ' export markets , hijack staple food crops that are the cultural heritage of millennia , plunder collective knowledge , and threaten food security .
For all the UN 's intellectual commitment to the furtherance of human rights , it knows better than to incite the displeasure of the Chinese or the Russians by receiving activists from Tibet or Chechnya .
Sarkozy persuaded two women from immigrant backgrounds , Rama Yade and the well-known feminist activist Fadela Amara , to accept sub-cabinet positions , while Kouchner has been the most popular political figure in France for the past several years .
The country is well on its way to a knowledge-based economy .
All candidates should be known by the end of January -- the deadline for printing the ballots .
He knows nothing about international affairs , but no one seems to hold it against him .
So , for the moment , the election is too far off to know or predict anything with certainty .
Sarkozy formed his government in the knowledge that French foreign policy has long been consensual . So he gave the reins of the key foreign policy arms of the French government to left-wing politicians .
Moreover , the size of the bad debt threatening banks remains unknown , and could amount to several hundred billion dollars .
We already know that there will be media fireworks , but there will be little talk of economic regulation .
Compared with all the other political regimes known to mankind , democracy represents ethical progress twice over : first , because it is based on respect for human rights ; and secondly , because the universal suffrage that modern democracy embraces prohibits neglecting or oppressing minorities .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
Therefore we know that markets do better than central planning , and that foreign trade is better than autarky .
The good news is that everything we know about economic development suggests that large-scale institutional transformation is hardly ever a prerequisite for jump-starting growth .
Even in the better-known cases , institutional changes at the outset of growth acceleration were typically modest .
These are just some of the better-known examples .
If you are selling a piece of paper that I want to buy , it is my responsibility to know what I am buying and be aware of any possible adverse consequences .
Designing appropriate institutional arrangements also requires both local knowledge and creativity .
Instead , the Spence report adopts an approach that recognizes the limits of what we know , emphasizes pragmatism and gradualism , and encourages governments to be experimental .
We will likely never know .
Some of these countries should have known better and might have protected themselves sooner .
That is what happened in the second half of the 1990 's , as the IMF began to preach capital-account liberalization , applied over-stringent fiscal remedies during the Asian financial crisis , and single-handedly tried to reshape Asian economies . The institution has since acknowledged its errors in all these areas .
One option would be to increase substantially the number of mid-career recruits with actual practical experience in developing countries . This would make the IMF staff more cognizant of the value of local knowledge relative to theoretical expertise .
We now know where that led us .
But a Tobin tax is a good place to start if we want to send a strong message about the social value of the casino known as global finance .
Moreover , we do not even know whether these numbers are unusually high when compared to pre-crisis trends .
In the absence of a benchmark for comparative assessment , we do not really know whether 192 `` protectionist '' measures is a big or small number .
No one knows where the 8 % figure really comes from , and many experts believe that China 's society and polity are capable of handling much lower growth .
But , even if political implications are put aside , it would be a tragedy if the most potent poverty-reduction engine the world has ever known were to experience a notable slowdown .
To its credit , the IMF not only acknowledges this , but it also provides evidence that developing countries with capital controls were hit less badly by the fallout from the sub-prime mortgage meltdown .
We currently do n't know much about designing capital-control regimes .
The shift toward embracing industrial policy is therefore a welcome acknowledgement of what sensible analysts of economic growth have always known : developing new industries often requires a nudge from government .
Of the hundreds of senior officers serving at the time , none has acknowledged any knowledge of these plans .
Accusations against the Gulen movement are not new in Turkey , but what made the book a bombshell is that its author is a distinguished police chief , well known for his courage and incorruptibility -- as well as his closeness to the Gulenists and to Erdo?an 's government .
So he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies . This , along with his inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch , give his revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked .
For the first time , the World Bank acknowledges that trade liberalization may not be an effective instrument , not only for stimulating growth , but even for integration in world markets .
After all , who cares about Florida 's current-account deficit -- or even knows what it amounts to ?
Would I have been tempted by arguments such as : `` We are trying to develop our economy , and you can really help us with your knowledge ? ''
The conundrum that advisers to authoritarian regimes face is akin to a long-standing problem in moral philosophy known as the dilemma of `` dirty hands . '' A terrorist is holding several people hostage , and he asks you to deliver water and food to them .
ISTANBUL -- In a Hollywood courtroom drama , you know that the hero , set up by the bad guys , will eventually be cleared -- but not before the noose tightens around his neck .
Perhaps most dramatically of all , the coup documents contain much information that could not possibly have been known at the time , including references to companies , NGOs , hospitals , and many other entities that were established years after the plan is supposed to have been hatched .
Can you explain how my client could have known the names of officers on a frigate that joined the Navy only in 2005 ?
In Finland , the heretofore unknown True Finn party capitalized on the resentment around eurozone bailouts to finish a close third in April 's general election .
And everyone knows that beneath the stability of the moment lurk explosive forces that can change the regime and devalue huge investments .
CAMBRIDGE -- If capitalism 's border is with socialism , we know why the world properly sees the United States as strongly capitalist .
When it comes to capitalism vs. socialism , we know which side the US is on .
The United States , as everyone knows , came perilously close to defaulting on August 2 , and Standard & Poor 's downgraded US debt from AAA on August 5 .
And it was harder , because the US was an unknown entity , and there was little reason for confidence in the American non-nation .
Americans today know what must be done : some combination of entitlement cuts and tax increases .
Europeans , too , know a new balance that needs to be struck .
Countries come to the IMF precisely because they know that it will lend to them when no one else will , and at interest rates lower than most could only dream of , even in the best of times .
Any good international investment banker knows that the end of April is a bad time to come peddling his services , for that is when the world 's finance ministers return home from the IMF meetings in Washington , chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards .
Do n't we all want to know how Bond -LRB- oops , I mean Sean Connery -RRB- would deal with Iran or North Korea ?
It would certainly be more entertaining that the current framework , and , who knows , it might even inspire better policy .
Old hands know that global trade deals often rise out of the ashes of failed talks .
The Bank 's most important role in development today is as a `` knowledge bank '' that helps aggregate , distill , and disseminate best practices from around the world .
Second , Zoellick should ask why the Bank spends only 2.5 % of its budget on the `` knowledge bank '' research function that it trumpets so proudly in its external relations materials , while it spends three times that amount on maintaining its executive board .
As the Bank switches from loans to grants , it can use some of its massive retained earnings to endow its `` knowledge bank '' function and related technical advice .
But all this knowledge should n't be free .
And Bernanke knows as well as anyone that none of the vast academic literature suggests a large role for asset prices in setting monetary policy , except in the face of extraordinary shocks that influence output and inflation , such as the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
But , while Bernanke 's view is theoretically rigorous , reality is not . One problem is that academic models assume that central banks actually know what output and inflation are in real time .
As all but the most belligerent critics of US President George W Bush will acknowledge , America has taken an important lead in trying to make things marginally better .
Without directly acknowledging America 's central role in causing the financial crisis , the US Federal Reserve has already offered to exchange up to $ 30 billion each with the central banks of Korea , Brazil , Mexico and Singapore .
But China 's rulers know that their highly repressed banking system is vulnerable as the country continues to pursue gradual financial liberalization , and that foreign currency reserves may be needed for recapitalization .
Inflation is Now the Lesser Evil CAMBRIDGE -- It is time for the world 's major central banks to acknowledge that a sudden burst of moderate inflation would be extremely helpful in unwinding today 's epic debt morass .
Many banks have already acknowledged their open-ended losses in residential mortgages .
Cambridge -- You know that American self-confidence is shaken when even the President starts expressing fear that the financial crisis may turn out worse than the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
So what is the game plan now ? There is talk of regulating the financial sector , but governments are afraid to shake confidence . There is recognition that the housing bubble collapse has to be absorbed , but no stomach for acknowledging the years of slow growth in consumption that this will imply .
There is acknowledgement that the US China trade relationship needs to be rebalanced , but little imagination on how to proceed . Deep down , our leaders and policymakers have convinced themselves that for all its flaws , the old system was better than anything we are going to think of , and that simply restoring confidence will fix everything , at least for as long as they remain in office .
Banks know that they face higher capital requirements , which will force them to scale back lending relative to their resources -RRB- .
If banks do n't know what the rules of the game are going to be , they have to be very cautious about over-extending their balance sheets .
`` What risks ? '' the financial firms demand to know .
The parallels between the oil spill and the recent financial crisis are all too painful : the promise of innovation , unfathomable complexity , and lack of transparency -LRB- scientists estimate that we know only a very small fraction of what goes on at the oceans ' depths . -RRB- Wealthy and politically powerful lobbies put enormous pressure on even the most robust governance structures .
Unfortunately , economists know much less about how to adapt regulation over time to complex systems with constantly evolving risks , much less how to design regulatory resilient institutions .
These are key issues in the short term , but , as every economist knows , long-run economic growth is determined mainly by improving productivity .
Would n't you know it ?
CAMBRIDGE -- G-20 leaders who scoff at the United States ' proposal for numerical trade-balance limits should know that they are playing with fire .
Although one would never know it from listening to the Congressional debate , the main effect of an agreement would be to lower Colombian barriers on US goods , not vice versa .
Let 's start by acknowledging that the modern system of floating exchange rates has , on the whole , acquitted itself remarkably well .
For now , however , European policymakers seem to prefer to keep escalating the size of bridge loans to the periphery , not wanting to acknowledge that private markets will ultimately require a more durable and sustainable solution .
In principle , an independent and respected advisory council could also force governments to acknowledge the hidden costs of government guarantees and off-balance sheet debts .
CAMBRIDGE -- At the United States Federal Reserve 's recent and first-ever public press conference , Chairman Ben Bernanke gave a spirited defense of the Fed 's much-criticized policy of mass purchases of US government bonds , also known as `` quantitative easing . ''
Their most telling complaint is that too little is known about how quantitative easing works , and that the Fed is therefore taking undue risks with the global financial system to achieve a modest juicing of the US economy .
Acknowledging that we have been using the wrong framework is the first step toward finding a solution . History suggests that recessions are often renamed when the smoke clears .
CAMBRIDGE -- As the eurozone crisis continues to deepen , the International Monetary Fund may finally be acknowledging the need to reassess its approach .
Now that the Fund has squarely acknowledged the huge capital holes in many European banks , it should start pressing forcefully for a comprehensive and credible solution to the eurozone debt crisis , a solution that will involve either partial breakup of the eurozone or fundamental constitutional reform .
All of this is well known , even if prominent opinion leaders , politicians , and philanthropists prefer to ignore it .
Even if these initiatives are motivated by party rivalry , they nevertheless pose an essential question : do we know how to ennoble our democracy ?
He acknowledged -- as everyone does -- `` Iran 's right to pursue a nuclear program with peaceful intentions , '' but immediately asked for `` respect for the international agreements '' and underlined the fact that `` this is the road Brazil is following . ''
Brazilian officials know that they can achieve this goal only by acting independently -- but without diverging too far from the positions of the current permanent members .
They also know that , except for China , all of them are critics of Iran , and are determined to find a solution to the nuclear question , whether through dialogue or some other means , if `` patience is lost , '' as Merkel suggested .
While the right medicine needed to avoid fiscal train wrecks is well known , the main constraint to fiscal consolidation and discipline is that weak governments around the world lack the political power and willingness to implement austerity .
Fourth , greed can not be controlled by any appeal to morality and values . Greed has to be controlled by fear of loss , which derives from knowledge that the reckless institutions and agents will not be bailed out .
NEW YORK -- The countries known collectively as the PIIGS -- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -- are burdened with increasingly unsustainable levels of public and private debt . Several of the worst-hit -- Portugal , Ireland , and Greece -- have seen their borrowing costs soar to record highs in recent weeks , even after their loss of market access led to bailouts financed by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund .
The private sector can spend less and save more , but this would entail an immediate cost known as Keynes ' paradox of thrift : declining economic output and rising debt as a share of GDP .
When policy actions do n't provide real relief to market participants , you know that you are one step away from a systemic collapse of the financial and corporate sectors .
Both he and the opposition know that the result of the plebiscite is not a foregone conclusion .
1 . The EU needs a knowledge and innovation policy that strengthens European agriculture 's competitiveness .
In the EU as a whole , a policy directed toward research programs stimulating scientific excellence and greater coherence in the European knowledge system would greatly strengthen agriculture 's competitiveness and contribute to food security and sustainable development .
We know from the many cases of regime change in recent decades that the problem of transitional justice will not merely go away if ignored .
By acknowledging the range and intensity of disagreement among states on a right to secede , the Court seems to have hinted that the necessary consent of the world community does not exist to establish firmly the existence of any such right .
Instead , an independent commission should be established to examine the previous regime 's foreign-borrowing policy , its objectives and effects , and what lenders knew -LRB- or could reasonably be assumed to have known -RRB- about those objectives and effects .
We know that it is not possible to attain global peace unless we establish sustainable peace in the Middle East , which requires resolving the Palestinian question .
He has been the only leader his movement has ever known , having led Fatah for 40 years and the Palestinians as a whole for 35 years .
Unlike the hard-line secularists , the militants , whose best-known leader is Marwan Barghuti , the head of the Tanzim grassroots grouping in Fatah , are willing to work with the Islamists .
A key question is whether the Palestinian masses , fed up with their leadership 's bickering , corruption , and incompetence , could make their wishes known to find an end to a conflict that has cost them so much .
By contrast , 75 % of Iraq 's population is composed of Shi'a Muslim Arabs , who know that they will control the new regime , and Kurds , who want local autonomy .
From the right , the consensus acknowledges that currently there is no Palestinian partner for real peace .
He worked on a range of problems , typically the major international and national economic issues of the day , drawing on his knowledge of economic history to illuminate the present .
They know that if they can win the battle of perception , we will lose our will and leave .
We can do it knowing that the great sweep of human history is for freedom - and that it is on our side .
As a result , some three-quarters of known al-Qaeda leaders have been killed or captured , and others are on the run .
They know that communications transcend borders , and that a single news story , handled skillfully , can be as damaging to our cause -- and as helpful to theirs -- as any military attack .
Last year , a US Department of Defense report noted that China 's defense expenditures appear to be much higher than acknowledged by the Chinese government .
As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked , `` Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin , Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist . ''
Barely four years ago , former US President Bill Clinton remarked that human knowledge doubles every five years . Now we hear that it doubles every two years .
Globalization speeds this process up -- a consequence of the shift from an industrial to a knowledge society .
Conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual -- with his or her wealth of talents and abilities , interests and ambitions -- to the center .
Moreover , they project hope for revitalizing communal and public institutions as we confront the main challenge of accelerated change : ensuring that the knowledge society protects and preserves the dignity of man .
Steps like fair , competitive , and transparent public-sector contracting procedures , and civil service , rather than political control over allocation of government advertising funds would go a long way , especially combined with good reporting , to protect the media against officials ' persistent temptation to control what the public may know .
Africa 's AIDS pandemic is well known ; its malaria pandemic , which will claim three million lives and a billion illnesses this year , is not .
The techniques are known , but Africa 's farmers are too poor to get started .
Yet Bush apparently did not know of these concerns , even days after the hurricane destroyed the levees and flooded the city .
There is a deep disconnect in American politics between scientific knowledge and political decisions .
He has proven to be one of America 's least knowledgeable presidents when it comes to science -- and one of the most ready to turn science into a political issue .
On a crowded planet with threats to our climate , oceans , forests , food production , and water supply , and with global travel and high population densities increasing the risk of worldwide disease epidemics , we must turn to the best of our scientific and engineering knowledge to find a safe passage .
The public is largely unaware of the scientific knowledge we have concerning the threats and risks that we face , and that we can reduce these risks by thinking ahead .
We can build a safer future , but only if we are prepared to use our scientific knowledge and expertise for the common good .
In the Middle East , the Iraq war is widely interpreted as a war for US control of Persian Gulf oil -- a rather plausible view given what we know about the war 's true origins .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
Hamas refused to acknowledge a two-state solution except obliquely , and then under considerable pressure .
Similarly , the claim that we are headed toward an inevitable clash of civilizations is sheer madness , propounded by people who think the worst of other groups but do n't really know them through personal contact or shared experience .
Yet we know from a range of evidence that this is what was on Bush 's mind when his government shifted its focus from the search for Osama bin Laden to fighting a war in Iraq .
Unfortunately , like so many other international agreements , the Convention on Biological Diversity remains essentially unknown , un-championed , and unfulfilled .
Complex and unique ecologies , most notably underground volcanoes known as seamounts , are ripped to shreds , because bottom trawling is the `` low cost '' way to catch a few deep sea fish species .
Even the World Bank , which usually takes the donors ' point of view , recently acknowledged that except for debt cancellation , `` promises of scaled up aid have not been delivered . ''
The US government does n't really know what it is doing in Africa , because over the years America 's aid agency has been largely emptied of its leading thinkers and strategists .
And the African leaders already know that this is not an empty boast .
In fact , the poor die of known and identifiable causes that are largely preventable and treatable at very low cost .
Gore 's co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize is less known , but no less deserving .
The Inter-Governmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- is the UN 's global body for assessing the scientific knowledge on climate change and bringing that knowledge to the attention of the public and the world 's policy makers .
Since its inception in 1988 , the IPCC has harnessed the best scientific minds from around the world to document and explain what is known and not known about human-induced climate change .
Today , Bush has begun to acknowledge the serious risks of climate change , though his administration has still failed to put forward any realistic proposals to reduce the rate of human-induced climate change .
They are mostly unable to harness advanced scientific knowledge to protect their citizens or participate in global negotiations on the challenges of climate , water , energy , biodiversity , and the like .
Such commitments are to be taken in the context of `` sustainable development , '' meaning that `` economic and social development and poverty reduction are global priorities . '' The plan also calls for knowledge transfer to enable poor countries to adopt environmentally sound technologies .
Days later , the ECK 's head publicly acknowledged that Kibaki supporters had pressured him to announce the `` results '' immediately , despite the clear evidence of vote rigging .
Shockingly , he declared that he did not know who really won .
She also failed to acknowledge an exit poll carried out by a US foundation , which showed a clear Odinga victory .
It is generally true that lower interest rates spur home buying , but this time , as is now well known , commercial and investment banks created new financial mechanisms to expand housing credit to borrowers with little creditworthiness .
The idea is basic and well known .
It is difficult to know for sure what is giving rise to fundamentalism in so many parts of the world .
Consumers are pulling back from home and automobile purchases not only because they have suffered a blow to their wealth with declining stock prices and housing values , but also because they do n't know where to turn .
Studying the successes gives us the knowledge and confidence to step up our shared efforts to solve today 's great global challenges .
African farmers know that they need fertilizer ; they just ca n't afford it . With donor help , they can .
Yet lasting solutions to water challenges require a broad range of expert knowledge about climate , ecology , farming , population , engineering , economics , community politics , and local cultures .
It 's a vicious circle , technically known as a poverty trap .
When the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in 1997 , Clinton did not even send it to the US Senate for ratification , knowing that it would be rejected .
Political analysts know that the votes will depend on individual senators ' ideologies , states ' voting patterns , and states ' dependence on coal relative to other energy sources .
Everybody knows how American-style hyper-consumerism can destabilize social relations and lead to aggressiveness , loneliness , greed , and over-work to the point of exhaustion .
The result of the deliberations is a new framework for the G-20 's engagement with the rest of the developing countries , known as the Seoul Development Consensus for Shared Growth .
Acknowledging that recent fiscal policies had put the US on an unsustainable trajectory of rising public debt , Obama said that moving towards budget balance was now essential for fiscal stability .
I do n't know whether Obama 's leadership might have found those votes , but I do know that the US has not mustered the national effort to respond effectively to the Horn of Africa 's needs .
The reform prescriptions it followed helped end inflation but ignored the need for government to promote a knowledge-based economy .
In today 's global economy , however , international competitive advantage is mostly based upon knowledge and the capacity to harness knowledge in new technologies .
We know , say , that currency values tend to adjust in the long run to re-establish relative prices across major markets .
As a trade economist I know that this is only half-right .
Each country is interested in knowing whether its policies and institutions stack up against those of other nations in the capacity to achieve and sustain economic growth .
In all parts of the world , cultures have had to adjust to the changes in economic organization , technology , and scientific knowledge of the past two hundred years .
Consider one example : the number of children per woman in society , known as the `` total fertility rate . '' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children , the number of children is very high .
In other words , even if you know that the dollar will eventually fall , you could go bankrupt before you can prove your case if everyone else continues betting that it will rise .
We now know that some of those explanations were deliberately fraudulent .
Clearly , the leading investment banks should become much more serious about training and licensing their analysts to provide knowledge rather than nonsense in their public pronouncements .
Yet I know that he reflects a deep-seated viewpoint , though one far from claiming a majority in Europe .
I credit FHC , as he is widely known , with making four key contributions .
· Second , Brazil is finally embracing the global knowledge economy .
Nobody knows how much oil is left and how much it will cost to extract , but the peak of global oil production will probably be reached sometime in the next quarter century , perhaps even in the next few years .
The UN successfully resisted the powerful pressures of the US to condone a war with Iraq despite repeated US claims , now known to be false , that Iraq was in possession of weapons of mass destruction .
We know from a long trail of documents , memoirs , and interviews that the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 were a pretext .
As we know from WWI , wars founded on lies are likely to produce a series of disastrous unforeseen consequences .
The epidemiologists acknowledged the uncertainties of these estimates , but presented enough data to warrant an urgent follow-up investigation and reconsideration by the Bush administration and the US military of aerial bombing of Iraq 's urban areas .
With our knowledge , science , and technology , the horrendous living conditions of the world 's poorest people could be dramatically improved .
This effort , known as the UN Millennium Project , will issue its report to Secretary-General Annan on January 17 , 2005 .
They will know that they would not only save lives , but also contribute to a much safer and more prosperous world .
They know that , sooner or later , the US will have to join the rest of the world in controlling climate change .
Similarly , many company bosses know that pretending that climate problems do not exist is bad for shareholders , because reality will one day strike .
They know that investing today in clean technologies can give them a long-term competitive advantage .
Sixty years ago , Arak was a humble village known to US troops for its grapes ; today Pentagon officials hone in on it as an industrial city that is integral to Iran 's worrisome nuclear program .
The ICD comprehends the entire spectrum of human disease and injury , and its updates reflect the best new knowledge as well as set the stage for the next wave of medical advances .
· Second , electoral districts should be multi-member districts and should , as far as is possible , include populations of more than one community in order to encourage cross-communal politics and the election of moderate politicians that can speak to all communities and that know how to resolve tensions among them .
As someone who knew Lebanon in its darkest hours -- when Lebanon was a by-word for chaos , violence , and political hopelessness -- and who saw its rapid reconstitution as a functioning participatory political system and its astonishing return to normalcy , I know that Iraq can be politically rebuilt .
But until the Lebanese state is able to integrate or dominate non-state militias , and until some of the raging confrontations in Lebanon 's immediate environment are calmed , Lebanon is not likely to know real stability .
Schools and universities received large-scale support , and students and scholars traveled from city to city in pursuit of knowledge .
In Afghanistan and Pakistan , the radical vision is conveyed to the young in religious schools known as madrasas .
In a speech on July 16 , Hezbollah leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah acknowledged rumors that the Tribunal might indict members of his party , but charged that the Tribunal was part of an Israeli plot to undermine the Islamic resistance in Lebanon and has no credibility .
What little public support once existed for the FARC and the ELN is evaporating , and both groups know it .
Almost anyone in a position of power in India , including well-known print and television journalists , is now viewed with suspicion .
As we know from Nazi Germany and other cases , such movements do not always lead to a happy outcome .
Several well-known professors , both Hindu and Muslim , were murdered .
For much of its long history , there was no known cure .
Down the ages , the appearance of those with the disease , and the absence of a known cure , contributed to the fear that it caused -- and thus to the stigmatization of its sufferers .
The night finished with many wounded and one more killed . The next day , back on Manezhnaya Square , beside the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier , a huge swastika appeared .
How much the Chinese know about the inner workings of North Korea 's policy-making and power structure , and how much influence they can have , are uncertain .
They know that despite the extensive damage that they could inflict on the South , in the end , they would be destroyed by American and South Korean power if combat ever starts .
At the other end , conservatism in many European countries has historically veered too close for comfort to right-wing extremism . In Germany today , conservatism was forged in the wake of the Weimar Republic 's failures , experiences unknown to Anglo-Saxon conservatives .
Among other things , the Pentagon 's assessment is said to criticize China 's leaders for expanding their country 's military in the absence of any discernible external threat , and for various other `` known unkowns , '' such as opaqueness concerning the real size of China 's military budget .
But it would be a pity if China 's leaders did not endorse this acknowledgement of Japanese guilt as a manifestation of Japan 's willingness to repent .
`` If things are left as they are , '' writes Watanabe , `` a skewed perception of history -- without knowledge of the horrors of the war -- will be handed down to future generations . ''
As most of the world knows , America 's quest to maintain its claim to the title of `` greatness , '' has , of late , also been elusive .
Why not just keep the fledgling epidemic under wraps and hope that it goes away without the world ever knowing ?
Increased breast cancer risk is also known to be associated with several inherited syndromes , such as Li-Fraumeni syndrome , a condition that is further associated with childhood onset of multiple malignancies including soft tissue sarcomas , leukemias , and brain tumors .
The other class involves what are known as `` common , low-penetrance variants . ''
Their biological consequences are mainly unknown , but statistical analyses have shown that they are associated with a significantly increased relative breast cancer risk which , in contrast to the first class , is rather small .
But nothing is known yet about the clinical utility of the recently identified susceptibility factors , whether they are class one or class two .
To take full advantage of the known genetic susceptibility factors , it will be necessary to understand their biological consequences .
In order to realize the full potential of the common market , the EU must adapt its economic governance to the challenges of globalization -- research , technological development , and knowledge must be at the heart of the European economy , particularly given Europe 's efforts to be at the forefront of combating climate change .
The EU 's German Presidency , which I know shares the `` ambitious '' view of the Treaty , is working hard on finding a way out of the deadlock at this month 's European Council .
The worst has been mitigated and obscured in the wealthy countries by running up unprecedented levels of debt , but any moderately streetwise person knows that the next generation -- and even the one after that -- will be paying for the excesses of the investment bankers .
Quite a few of them are already back at the table gambling away with the taxpayer 's money and peddling their new `` financial products '' ; they know that when the next crash comes , the taxpayer will have no choice but to bail them out again .
A Czech Moment PRAGUE -- As I listened to what some Europeans were saying as my country prepared to take over the presidency of the European Union , I heard dim echoes of Neville Chamberlain 's infamous description of Czechoslovakia as `` a faraway country of which we know little . ''
We Czechs know something about this , as the wrenching economic transition that we underwent in the 1990 's taught us much about how the right policies can break the grip of hopelessness .
To understand why , it is important to know what else was going on inside Iraq in 2007 , when President George W. Bush ordered the `` surge '' of 20,000 additional troops and General David H. Petraeus shifted US forces to a more aggressive strategy .
We now know that this is wrong , but there was never any serious reason to believe it .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
We need to know why some forms of collective irrationality gain a stronger grip on us than others .
Although the conscious part of your brain knows that the tickling sensation comes from you and is n't `` really '' unexpected , the cerebellum does n't get it , and the tickling works .
As many now acknowledge , the IMF should look beyond managing financial crises and start addressing non-cooperative economic behaviors -- notably in the monetary field .
Sadly , we know that most countries will not meet the objectives by 2015 .
But now we know that the containment regime worked .
Indeed , Taiwanese capital and know-how built much of China 's hi-tech industries , and well over a half-million Taiwanese live and work near Shanghai in a virtual replica of Hsin Chu , Taiwan 's Silicon Valley .
Taiwan 's people know that they can not prosper as a democracy if ethnic divisiveness is allowed to hold sway .
In her devastating new book Mao : The Unknown Story , Jung Chang -LRB- author of the international bestseller Wild Swans -RRB- exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that Mao was a tyrannical , cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even Stalin and Hitler .
Now we know that Wall Street 's titans were never all that smart , and certainly not very ethical , for they failed the only test that counts .
As any seasoned banker knows , a well-managed bank should undertake internal `` stress tests '' regularly as a matter of good housekeeping .
Yet Putin knows that he must curtail the political ambitions of the oligarchs if Russian business is to be modernized .
A joke making rounds in Moscow nowadays goes like this : Americans did n't know who their President was two months after their last presidential election , but we Russians knew who was going to occupy the Kremlin two years before our recent election .
Not one political force in Russia knows how to answer the challenges that `` soft authoritarianism '' has brought .
He said , `` There is a need to ... hold democratic elections according to the law ; have democratic decision-making , democratic management as well as democratic supervision ; safeguard people 's right to know , to participate , to express , and to supervise . ''
As long as people remain under a relative `` veil of ignorance , '' in the sense that they do not yet know how they will personally be affected , they may find it easier to agree that progressive taxes should be used to subsidize low-wage earners .
The problem is that basic scientific research is mostly a public good that can not be withheld from those who use it and which seeps into the body of scientific know-how in unanticipated ways .
The market may know , not just from the experience of 2001-2 , that interest rate movements do not have predictable effects on stock prices .
The outcome of any public discussion can never be known with certainty , but chances are that it will amplify stories that imply risks of higher oil prices .
The problem is , most employees do not fully understand options or stocks and do not know how to evaluate them .
Indeed , the essence of labor unions is that they know the unique problems of a distinct group of workers , bring focused expertise on these problems , and thus intelligently represent their interests .
That is how advanced risk management works , as financial professionals know .
The fundamental difficulty in planning for enhanced longevity is that we do not know whether it will really happen .
If there were no longevity risk -- that is , if the probability of dying at each age in the future were reliably known -- then pension funds could easily offer life annuities to large numbers of people by investing their assets in bonds of various maturities in order to pay out just the right amount each year .
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming .
The farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail .
Today , weather insurance uses an expanded number of sophisticated weather stations and deep knowledge of the science of agriculture to measure weather 's effects on local agriculture .
Jeffrey Sachs 's new book The End of Poverty argues that with proper help from advanced countries the world could see the end of poverty as we know it in coming decades , prompting some to describe him as a starry-eyed idealist .
But we do know that in 1984 the best-developed such market -LRB- in the United Kingdom -RRB- was quoting long-term real interest rates of only around 3 % -- far below the IMF 's figure .
Far better , proponents of wage insurance argue , for the training to be carried out by an employer who wants a job done and knows what the employee needs to learn .
What I heard suggested that the dominant feeling for most Mexicans is one of a great uncertainty about their future-perhaps the very uncertainty at the root of our imperfect knowledge about growth in general .
Especially in Chinese villages , people know how their neighbors are faring .
Conspicuous consumption becomes less important when people already know your income .
Cosmopolitan influentials , Merton said , tended to hang their success on their general knowledge , whereas locals relied on their friendships and connections .
The cosmopolitan influentials were often uninterested in meeting new people in town ; the locals wanted to know everyone .
Merton concluded : `` It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands . ''
But the business world is built on our intuitive knowledge of when we can trust people fairly well and when we ca n't trust them much at all .
An article by Ernst Fehr at the University of Zurich and Alexander Klein and Klaus Schmidt at the University of Munich in the January 2007 issue of the journal Econometrica shows how people design economic relationships based on their knowledge of the circumstances in which people are trustworthy .
As a well-known skeptic about booming housing prices , I have been asked on several recent occasions to participate in debates with one or another of the authors .
The best-known examples of such grand new cities are planned capitals , typically built near countries ' geographic center . These include Brasilia -LRB- 1950 's -RRB- , Canberra -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , Islamabad -LRB- 1960 's -RRB- , New Delhi -LRB- 1910 's -RRB- , and Washington DC -LRB- 1790 's -RRB- .
How do we know if the housing market is in a bubble ?
Granted , the future is unknown ; we have no crystal ball to predict the Bovespa 's likely path .
Everyone knows that markets have been booming , and everyone knows that other people know that a correction is always a possibility .
I know that those images contributed to the severity of the 1987 crash by encouraging people to sell , because I ran a survey of individual and institutional investors the following week .
People know enough about the Great Depression to understand that there are parallels with today .
Many know that interest rates on three-month US Treasury bills became slightly negative in September 2008 -- for the first time since 1941 .
The price of the insurance would have to be adjusted regularly to adjust for varying public knowledge of the likelihood of a recession , and people could not be allowed to cancel their policies , and stop making payments , whenever the economic outlook became rosier .
We know that we are probably in a recession right now , and may be for some time , so the expected losses currently are enormous .
So economists assume that people do indeed use all publicly available information and know , or behave as if they knew , the probabilities of all conceivable future events .
In fact , people almost never know the probabilities of future economic events .
NEW HAVEN -- Volatility in the housing market has long been known , but until now it has never been visible in so many places around the world at the same time .
Nominal interest rates -- quoted in terms of dollars , euros , renminbi , etc. -- are difficult to interpret , since the real cost of borrowing at these rates depends on the future course of inflation , which is always unknown .
If I borrow euros at 4 % for ten years , I know that I will have to pay back 4 % of the principal owed as interest in euros every year , but I do n't know what this amounts to .
The real reason inflation-indexed bond yields are an interesting economic variable is that they report on a market in which both investors and borrowers know exactly what is coming , in real terms .
I do n't know , though I have some hunches .
The Consumer Sentiment Survey of Americans , created by George Katona at the University of Michigan in the early 1950 's , and known today as the Thomson-Reuters University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers , has included a remarkable question about the reasonably long-term future , five years hence , and asks about visceral fears concerning that period :
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
So investors know that even if a Federal agency like the SEC overlooks or ignores serious regulatory problems , another regulator might step in .
In short , most investors -- while not always the most rational species -- do know a good thing when they see it .
We know enough about risk perception to recognize that helping people cope with the risks of modern life requires addressing their hearts as well as their heads .
The Chinese acknowledge that they enabled Americans to borrow and spend beyond their means by parking China 's massive foreign reserves in US government securities .
Based on their own experience over the past 30 years , the Chinese know how economic reform and liberalization can change a country 's perception of its self-interests and stance toward the world .
Given the volume of jet fuel involved , key players , including buyers , sellers , and US officials , obviously knew or should have known about the scheme .
With its long borders with Russia , China knows it would have much to regret if a new , oil-fired Russian empire appeared on its doorstep .
At the same time , Zakaev maintained rather friendly relations with Kadyrov , whose achievements -- making Chechnya practically independent -- he implicitly acknowledged .
The return to Chechnya of an amnestied Zakaev would greatly increase Kadyrov 's prestige . But the Kremlin wants to avoid this , owing to Kadyrov 's growing power and its general unease with a Russian Muslim elite that , while formally acknowledging Russian suzerainty , increasingly demands a redistribution of power within the Russian Federation .
If South Africa sees itself as speaking for Africa on the global stage and creating a vision for the continent 's future , it must know when to lead and how to build consensus .
If Mrs. Stewart , herself an African-American , knew what we know about development today , her demand would be the same now as it was then .
We know what to do to educate our children .
We know that basic education should be a free public good .
We know that school meals programs are a development marvel that do as much as anything else to increase enrollment while providing nutrition to the hungriest youngsters , markets for their fathers ' produce , and often jobs for village mothers .
Education ministries in Brazil , Uganda , and throughout many parts of the developing world know what works .
WARSAW -- As a long-time observer of American politics , I know that United States senators will decide whether to ratify New START , the arms control treaty with Russia negotiated this year , on the basis of a thorough evaluation of their country 's national interests .
North Africa 's people know what they do n't want -- and wo n't accept .
EU member states share highly sensitive intelligence and police information as never before , thereby increasing public security while upholding world-class legal and democratic standards . These operational measures have been complemented by carefully calibrated policies that aim to acknowledge social diversity but reduce the political space available for intolerance and bigotry .
The Mixed Blessing of Genetic Choice The advance of knowledge is often a mixed blessing .
Today , enterprising firms offer , for a fee , to tell you about your genes . They claim that this knowledge will help you live longer and better .
Suddenly , David became the world 's best-known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
The Dutch know how voluntary euthanasia is practiced in their country , they know that legal euthanasia has improved , rather than harmed , their medical care , and they want the possibility of assistance in dying , if they should want and need it .
Vaccination , however , does n't solve the export problem , because it produces false positives on blood tests of animals suspected of having the disease , so the importing countries do n't know if they have found an animal with the disease , or an animal that has been vaccinated against it .
You must have known that all these animals were going to get slaughtered anyway ?
If you can read , and did n't deliberately turn away from anything that might disturb your comfort , you should also know that the entire animal industry is unnecessary , that we would be healthier , and do less damage to our environment , without it ?
In a related effort to get its residents to know each other , the city government also facilitates street parties .
All of this is part of a larger program that attempts to measure changes in the city 's quality of life , so that the city council can know whether it is taking the community in a desirable direction .
Indeed , last month , Randall Tobias , the top foreign aid adviser in the US State Department , resigned after acknowledging that he had used an escort service described as providing `` high-end erotic fantasy '' -- although Tobias said he only had a massage .
Arguably , the public has an interest in knowing if those who implement such policies are themselves paying for sexual services .
Since politicians ask us to entrust them with sweeping powers , it can be argued that we should know as much as possible about their morality .
But does the legitimate interest in knowing more about a politician extend to details about personal relations ?
It is hard to draw a line of principle around any area and determine if knowledge of it will provide relevant information about a politician 's moral character .
But when New Jersey Governor John Corzine was involved in a serious road accident last month , it became known that he violated his own state 's law by not wearing his seat belt .
A few years ago , a research team led by Vikram Patel reported in the British Medical Journal that depression is common in Zimbabwe , where it was often known by a Shona word that means `` thinking too much . ''
Patients , too , may fail to seek treatment , because mental illness still carries a stigma that can make it harder to acknowledge than a physical illness .
When faced with such major social problems , a preference for ignorance over knowledge is difficult to defend .
They are happy to vote , knowing that everyone else is voting , too .
If , for example , an agency working to reduce poverty in Africa cuts staff with expert knowledge , it is more likely to end up funding projects that fail .
It may not even know which of its projects fail , because evaluating them , and learning from mistakes , requires staff -- and that adds to administrative costs .
Perhaps for this reason , many organizations , including some of the best-known anti-poverty organizations working in Africa , did not respond to GiveWell 's request for information .
No one knows how effective that vast sum is in achieving the goals that donors intend to support .
PRINCETON -- Do we live in a world that was created by a god who is all-powerful , all-knowing , and all good ?
If God is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
Once again , some Christians say that we have all inherited the original sin committed by Eve , who defied God 's decree against eating from the tree of knowledge .
This is a triply repellant idea , for it implies that knowledge is bad , disobeying God 's will is the greatest sin of all , and children inherit the sins of their ancestors , and may justly be punished for them .
Moreover , the assertion that our intelligence is puny in comparison with God 's presupposes just the point that is under debate -- that there is a god who is all-knowing , all-powerful , and all good .
What McCain and Obama Ignore PRINCETON -- Barack Obama worked for three years as a community organizer on Chicago 's blighted South Side , so he knows all about the real poverty that exists in America .
He knows that in one of the world 's richest nations , 37 million people live in poverty , a far higher proportion than in Europe 's wealthy nations .
We know that in countries as diverse as China , India , Russia , and the United States , the number of billionaires soared .
This outcome is not , however , very different from natural conception , for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall , with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever `` pregnant . ''
Who knows what the consequences would have been ?
In the Protagoras , one of Plato 's dialogues , Socrates says that no one chooses what they know to be bad .
But that is a hard doctrine to swallow -- much harder than eating the extra slice of cake that you know is not good for you .
Aristotle took a different view , one that fits better with our everyday experience of failing to do what we know to be best .
Thus , the problem is not lack of knowledge , but the failure of our reason to master other , non-rational aspects of our nature .
The people who contributed to this drop by delivering effective basic health care , building a supply of safe water , or immunizing children against measles remain largely unknown .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem-cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwang 's research are completed .
But , for all we know , it is the next fetus that the woman will conceive , not the one she aborted , that will turn out to be the Beethoven or Einstein .
We will never know exactly what was going on in Tilly 's mind , but we do know that he has been in captivity since he was about two years old -- he was captured off the coast of Iceland in 1983 .
The Unknown Promise of Internet Freedom
The Unknown Promise of Internet Freedom MELBOURNE -- Google has withdrawn from China , arguing that it is no longer willing to design its search engine to block information that the Chinese government does not wish its citizens to have .
In my view , those values are more defensible than the values that lead to political censorship -- and who knows how many Chinese would endorse the value of open access to information , too , if they had the chance ?
People relate to each other in new ways , posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception .
John Stuart Mill , in his classic book On Liberty , considered a situation in which a man sets out to cross a bridge that we know is unsafe .
Once he knows of it , the decision is his to make , because only he can judge the importance of his journey , and balance that against the risk he is running .
Now that we have seen the costs of giving absolute priority to safety , we know that this is not only a technical question .
Well-known University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan says that the achievement ranks as a discovery of historic significance , because it `` would seem to extinguish the argument that life requires a special force or power to exist . ''
The batsman usually knows and traditionally should `` walk '' -- leave the ground -- if he knows that he is out .
Who knows what difference that example might have made to the lives of many of those watching ?
Throughout the world , to receive what one knows are stolen goods is a crime -- except , it seems , when the goods are stolen by dictators from the people they dominate .
In Latvia , an artificial-intelligence researcher in the University of Latvia 's computer science department who earlier this year leaked confidential records on the income of bank managers has been praised as a modern `` Robin Hood , '' because otherwise the public would not have known how much some people were continuing to be paid while their banks were being bailed out with public funds .
Rebels know that if they succeed , they will gain immense personal wealth , be able to reward those who backed their coup , and have enough arms to keep themselves in power , no matter how badly they rule .
MELBOURNE -- Sometimes we know the best thing to do , but fail to do it .
We make resolutions because we know that it would be better for us to lose weight , or get fit , or spend more time with our children .
For example , the wide availability of electronic gaming machines and online gambling makes it difficult for `` problem gamblers '' to stop gambling , even though they know that they are losing more than they can afford to lose .
-LRB- Chua says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are `` Chinese '' in their approach , as well as some ethnic-Chinese mothers who are not . -RRB-
These are large and important issues that affect not only authors , publishers , and Google , but anyone with an interest in the diffusion and availability of knowledge and culture .
It is because copyright lasts so long that as many as three-quarters of all library books are `` orphaned . '' This vast collection of knowledge , culture , and literary achievement is inaccessible to most people .
We tell ourselves that maybe we wo n't get a toothache after all , even though we know that the odds are that we will .
When I spoke with Wyatt last month , he acknowledged that there were practical reasons for not using real apes in his movie .
PRINCETON -- The small Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is known internationally for two things : high visa fees , which reduce the influx of tourists , and its policy of promoting `` gross national happiness '' instead of economic growth .
Although the Bush administration acknowledged that some scientists believe stem cell research could offer new ways of treating diseases that affect 128 million Americans , this prospect evidently did not , in Bush 's view , justify destroying human embryos .
The target was General Ali Hassan al-Majid , known as `` Chemical Ali '' because of his use of chemical weapons against Iraqis .
And Obama will be keen to know what help India can provide with Iran , a country with which India has smooth relations , owing to their shared worries over Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Indeed , the sheikhs will know that , in all likelihood , concerns about global warming will increase over time .
This spring will show the necessary write-offs in the annual balance sheets , but the full truth will not become known before the 2008 balance sheets are published in the spring of 2009 .
Banks issue securities with attractive nominal interest rates but unknown repayment probability .
Like used cars that break down right after they are sold , tomatoes and apples that look good but taste like water , or suits that quickly become threadbare , the seller could reduce the quality of the product and cut costs without the buyer 's knowledge .
Americans now claim caveat emptor : Europeans should have known how risky these securities were when they bought them .
Now we know that this was propaganda intended to keep the foreign money flowing , so that US households could continue to finance their lifestyles .
That figure , we now know , had no basis in reality .
Europe 's Instability Mechanism MUNICH -- By 2010 , Europe was to be `` the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based society in the world . ''
The so-called `` Target '' accounts , hitherto ignored by the media , show that the ECB has been much more involved in rescue operations than is commonly known .
Equally important , but largely unknown , is the fact that the Banca d'Italia has resorted to the printing press to cover Italy 's gigantic balance of payments deficit .
So the danger is that , when the party ends -- and it is hard to know when that will be -- a lot of mopping up will need to be done .
Predictably , both parties deny that any serious negotiations took place , while the United States and Britain claimed to know nothing about this `` Saudi initiative . ''
No formulae the text-books know ,
That today 's global financial meltdown is the direct consequence of the West 's worship of false gods is a proposition that can not be discussed , much less acknowledged .
Even the existence of mundane uncertainty gives rise to conventions and rules of thumb that embody the best of human experience in dealing with the unknown .
One of them is called `` asymmetric information . '' This means that some people know more about some things than other people .
Suppose the seller of a product knows more about its quality than the buyer does , or vice versa .
The buyer does n't know whether what is being offered is a good car or a `` lemon . ''
Another well-known example concerns insurance .
This time it is the buyer who knows more than the seller , since the buyer knows his risk behavior , physical health , and so on . The insurer faces `` adverse selection , '' because he can not distinguish between good and bad risks .
But any finance professional will tell you that some know more than others , and they earn more , too .
The borrower knows the risk is high , but tells the lender it is low .
They agree with the mainstream that there is perfect information available somewhere out there , including perfect knowledge about how the different parts of the economy fit together .
In Akerlof 's example , the problem with selling a used car at an efficient price is not that no one knows how likely it is to break down , but rather that the seller knows perfectly well how likely it is to break down , and the buyer does not .
Those who have better information try to deceive those who have worse ; but they are deceiving themselves that they know more than they do .
`` The outstanding fact , '' John Maynard Keynes wrote in his General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money , `` is the extreme precariousness of the basis of knowledge on which our estimates of prospective yield have to be made . ''
Herd behavior arises , Keynes thought , not from attempts to deceive , but from the fact that , in the face of the unknown , we seek safety in numbers .
Economics , in other words , must start from the premise of imperfect rather than perfect knowledge .
What historians have known for 2,000 years -- and what the eighteenth century 's classical economists also knew -- suddenly struck the new breed of mathematical economists in the 1990 's like a flash of lightning : prosperity depends on good government .
When shocks to the system occur , agents do not know what will happen next . In the face of this uncertainty , they do not readjust their spending ; instead , they refrain from spending until the mists clear , sending the economy into a tailspin .
What Krugman is really after -LRB- `` though he ca n't quite come out and say this '' -RRB- is for the government to `` take charge of the allocation of capital . '' And the one thing we do know is that however badly asset markets behave , government control `` has always been much worse . ''
Formerly , leaders of the people were leaders of their communities , often personally known to those whom they served , and jealous of their reputations for probity and fair dealing .
Trust was based on local knowledge fortified by continuous contact .
Without such knowledge , technical terms like `` balance-sheet recession '' and `` rebuilding balance sheets '' are meaningless .
With a mental effort , the layperson can then imagine these poisonous sausages , otherwise known as `` toxic assets , '' spreading through the world 's banks , ruining their digestions and crippling the economies they are meant to serve .
In a well-known passage , he wrote : `` An act of saving means ... a decision not to have dinner today .
Keynes thought that the chief implicit assumption underlying the classical theory of the economy was that of perfect knowledge . `` Risks , '' he wrote , `` were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
Today 's `` efficient market theory '' restored to economics the assumption of perfect knowledge by claiming that all risks are correctly priced .
If you confront a number of holes to fix and want to know which to fix first , you choose the one which poses the greater danger .
The `` triumph of the West '' that followed the collapse of Communism in Europe was clearly not the `` end of history . '' As Ferguson must know , the main topic of discussion in international affairs nowadays concerns the `` rise '' of China , and more generally Asia , as well as the stirring of Islam .
LONDON -- `` Shorting '' is a tactic well known among the financial cognoscenti .
John Maynard Keynes pointed out the reason many years ago : `` the extreme precariousness of the basis of knowledge on which our estimates of prospective yield have to be made . '' When you do n't know what to do , you do what the next person does .
Moreover , no one can predict the discovery of new knowledge ; if they could , it would already have been discovered .
In his classic essay On Liberty , John Stuart Mill defended free speech on the ground that free inquiry was necessary to advance knowledge .
Restrictions on certain areas of historical inquiry are based on the opposite premise : the truth is known , and it is impious to question it .
This is absurd ; every historian knows that there is no such thing as final historical truth .
By contrast , the pressure for `` political correctness '' rests on the argument that the truth is unknowable .
You know that a doctrine is in trouble when not even those claiming to defend it understand what it means .
LONDON -- Everyone knows that Greece will default on its external debt .
Under an international agreement known as Basel III , banks are to be required to hold a higher ratio of equity capital against `` risk-weighted assets , '' and leverage is to be limited to a smaller percentage of such assets .
But apocalyptic thinking distorts the scientific debate and makes it harder to explain the causes and consequences of this fact , which in turn makes it harder to know how to deal with it .
The `` new classical economics , '' as it became known , taught that , in the absence of egregious government interference , economies would gravitate naturally to full employment , greater innovation , and higher growth rates .
The neo-classical revolution believed that markets were much more cyclically stable than Keynes believed , that the risks in all market transactions can be known in advance , and that prices will therefore always reflect objective probabilities .
But as the current UN mission in Lebanon -LRB- UNIFIL -RRB- well knows , defending yourself is not the same as protecting yourself from hostile fire in the first place .
In American domestic politics , these kinds of commands from the US Congress to states are known as `` unfunded mandates ; '' ordering results without providing the resources necessary to achieve them .
There is only one kind of primary energy -LRB- energy embodied in natural resources -RRB- that was not known to the first high civilizations of the Middle East and East Asia and by all of their pre-industrial successors : isotopes of the heavy elements whose nuclear fission has been used since the late 1950 's to generate heat that , in turn , produces steam for modern electricity turbo-generators .
Every other energy resource has been known for millennia , and most of them were harnessed by pre-modern societies .
Whether or not the crisis of European solidarity is real is a fundamental question , because the EU will not survive without solidarity , at least not as we know it .
So it seems unlikely that this up-front cash provided much of an incentive for the average CEO to knowingly take bad or excessive risks that would jeopardize their much larger equity stakes .
This information is in many ways more sensitive , and services share it on a `` need to know '' basis , not for the sake of promoting cooperation .
I know very well that this is not an easy task , but it is essential for world leaders -- not markets -- to lead reforms .
All of this is part of the transatlantic community 's continuing transformation from a set of organizations designed to defend territory against a known aggressor to something more flexible and dynamic .
As we know from bitter experience , waiting only makes a peace settlement harder to achieve .
Tomorrow 's Middle East will not be the same as it was a mere two months ago , but the shape the region will ultimately take is unknown .
I was a member of the Spanish Constitutional Commission that wrote the Spanish constitution in 1975 and 1976 , following the death of Franco , so I know what it is to move from dictatorship to democracy -- and how important it is that a constitution be framed by consensus .
The truth that politicians -LRB- David Cameron 's UK government excluded , at least for now -RRB- are reluctant to admit is that Western Europe 's current morass is distinct from the global US-made downturn . Old Europe has entered into a severe and intractable crisis of the welfare state as ordinary Europeans have come to know it .
But when president and parliament are controlled by the same party -- Nicolas Sarkozy 's current situation -- the `` reserved domain '' knows , in practice , no limit .
The real Che , who spent most of his time as Castro 's central banker supervising executions , deserves to be better known .
That three close aides to Ozawa have been indicted only months after the DPJ 's victory strikes many Japanese as odd , given the well known corruption of the LDP when in power .
This problem has come to be known as `` the resource curse . ''
It is important that people know where financial support is coming from .
The consensus was that they hoped somebody would do it without their knowing about it .
That is precisely the possibility that Bush refuses to acknowledge , and his denial appeals to a significant segment of the American public .
Several members of the newly elected parliament are known warlords with bloody records .
It proceeded step by step , setting limited objectives with limited timetables , knowing full well that each step would prove inadequate and require a further step .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
What we have learned from recent years ' experience -- what we should have known all along -- is that the supremacy of critical thought in political discourse can not be taken for granted .
That created a system of asymmetric incentives -- also know as moral hazard -- which encouraged ever greater credit expansion .
The securities are hard to value but the sellers know more about them than the buyer : in any auction process the Treasury would end up with the dregs .
We now know that they are not .
The best-known tools for this are margin requirements and minimum capital requirements .
This is a well-known fact that should have been clear to everyone involved in the euro 's creation .
The subsequent introduction of circuit-breakers tacitly acknowledged that derivatives can cause disruptions , but the proper conclusions were not drawn .
But China has become a great power , with all the obligations for maintaining world order that go with it , whether or not the leadership acknowledges it .
When US President Barack Obama visited China in November 2009 , he acknowledged China 's rapid rise and offered a partnership in maintaining and improving the world order .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
The EU has been built step-by-step , with its architects knowing in advance that each step was inadequate and that additional steps would be needed .
That is why the need for the next step in European integration must be clearly acknowledged alongside implementation of the EU 's crisis-resolution mechanism .
This has already happened , although it is not yet acknowledged .
We all know that we will die one day .
`` You are one being among many\/Only you hang on to Beauty\/And know : you must part , '' wrote the poet Reiner Kunze .
This knowledge penetrates every moment of our lives . Media in vita in morte sumus - in the midst of life , we are surrounded by death -- went a medieval song .
Heidegger made the knowledge of death key to the understanding of what it means to live .
On the other hand , only the knowledge of our mortality provides our existence with its preciousness .
The experience of beauty is closely related to knowledge of death .
By acknowledging itself as finite and limited , society could think of itself as also sanctioned by God .
Nevertheless , the basic pillar of sustained high growth has been leveraging the global economy 's knowledge and demand . That remains valid .
Moreover , few would disagree that , as the complexity of the system increases , gaps and asymmetries in terms of information , knowledge , and expertise are multiplying .
So it is important to know whether this breakout growth phase is sustainable .
The flow of knowledge , finance , and technology that underpins sustained high growth rates in emerging economies is closely linked to an open , rule-based , and globalized economy .
If skeptics are right , then we should accept that we will periodically be out of financial and fiscal balance without knowing it in advance .
But , to perform this function , it needs a knowledgeable , credible , and effective secretariat .
For most of the postwar period , advanced countries grew by expanding the knowledge and technology base of their economies .
It came out that way because , for most of the period , the advanced countries benefited from market-driven innovation , while the emerging economies imported knowledge , exported goods and services , and had limited systemic impact on advanced economies .
It also involves , crucially , importing an essential intangible asset : knowledge .
· Changing the economy 's growth model or supply side structure , as labor costs rise , global market shares become large enough to limit expansion , and advanced countries ' growth momentum slows for an unknown period of time ;
We suspect but do not know that consumption will increase .
Moreover , both countries know it .
Of course , no one currently knows how to achieve sustainability at three -LRB- or more -RRB- times the size of the current global economy .
That restructuring will occur , deficit spending or no deficit spending . So policy needs to acknowledge the fact that there are limits to how fast this restructuring can be accomplished .
But even in hard times , every European knows deep down that European integration has delivered peace with clear prospects for broadening Europe 's zone of peace and stability .
Swayed by this logic , the US has pushed to accelerate delivery of aid -- a task it knows well how to achieve , having provided nine-tenths of all emergency relief money to Afghanistan even during the Taliban years .
Foreign commentators often acknowledge that a clique of Tajiks exerts inordinate influence in the government .
They know that Fahim used the Loya Jirga to promote Karzai , a Pashtun , because he was malleable and without independent forces of his own .
First , we know that giving birth for the first time when younger carries a cost in increased infant mortality , but modern medicine and hygiene have strikingly reduced infant mortality , reducing the cost of younger age at first birth .
Moreover , the Fed has left the door open to more quantitative easing next year -- a tacit acknowledgement that the recovery will be long and sluggish .
The `` soft power '' of Europe 's political and social model is well known .
Anyone even remotely familiar with the region knows how common is the phrase `` the Arab nation '' -LRB- watan -RRB- .
Both ethnic Russians and ethnic Ukrainians view the tenth-century feudal state known as `` Kyiv Rus '' very favorably .
Market participants , knowing this , would realize that inflation would not be sustained .
Politicians want to respond to their constituents ' legitimate concerns , but do not know what to do .
After all , when banks do n't know their own balance sheets , they are n't about to trust others ' .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
Officials know that if they wait too long , zombie or near zombie banks -- with little or no net worth , but treated as if they were viable institutions -- are likely to `` gamble on resurrection . ''
Those with large amounts of reserves know that holding dollars is a bad deal : no or low return and a high risk of inflation or currency depreciation , either of which would diminish their holdings ' real value .
Similarly , modern information economics shows that even if markets are competitive , they are almost never efficient when information is imperfect or asymmetric -LRB- some people know something that others do not , as in the recent financial debacle -RRB- -- that is , always .
After all , even deficit hawks acknowledge that we should be focusing not on today 's deficit , but on the long-term national debt .
On complex economic matters , trust had been vested in bankers -LRB- after all , if they make so much money , they obviously know something ! -RRB- and in regulators , who often -LRB- but not always -RRB- came from the markets .
I am a frequent IMF critic , so when the IMF gets something right , I should acknowledge it .
Emerging markets know this , and are upset -- Brazil has vehemently expressed its concerns -- not only about the increased value of their currency , but that the influx of money risks fueling asset bubbles or triggering inflation .
It was widely known that banks and mortgage companies were engaged in predatory lending practices , taking advantage of the least educated and most financially uninformed to make loans that maximized fees and imposed enormous risks on the borrowers .
That knowledge should have given lenders incentives to make loans only to those who could repay .
In both Europe and America , the free-market ideology that allowed asset bubbles to grow unfettered -- markets always know best , so government must not intervene -- now ties policymakers ' hands in designing effective responses to the crisis .
But , as we know from experience , there is life after debt restructuring .
Military overreach has predictably led to nervousness about using military power , and others ' knowledge of this threatens to weaken America 's security as well .
Even now , the IMF has not acknowledged the lesson : it still insists on further cutbacks as a condition for assistance .
I know of no country where this scenario has played out successfully , for there are two key problems with this `` theory . ''
Today , we know that these propositions are nonsense .
uncertainties associated with the massive corporate accounting and banking scandals , and the Bush Administration 's half-hearted efforts at reform , as a result of which no one knows what America 's corporations are worth ;
There is a long list of central bankers ' homilies that are not supposed to be questioned ; do so and you are exiled from the small circle of those who supposedly know how the world `` really '' works .
Perhaps the populists are popular because they know something that the technocrats do n't .
Firms are in a far better position than consumers to assess the safety of their product ; we all benefit knowing that our legal system has provided corporations with incentives to pay attention to the safety of what they produce .
These institutions knew , or they should have known , that their loans and aid was not going to help the country 's desperately poor people . It would only leave them deeper in debt .
After criticizing the East Asian countries for a lack of transparency , the IMF acknowledged that it , too , was insufficiently transparent , and made reforms -- though sometimes it seems that it thinks that a better Web site is a substitute for real transparency .
Unfortunately , it still has not recognized a basic principle underlying modern democracy : citizens ' right to know .
In its bilateral trade agreements , however , the US is demanding what is becoming known as `` TRIPs plus , '' which would strengthen intellectual property rights further , to ensure that countries only have the right to produce inexpensive generic drugs during epidemics and other emergencies .
The Fund now openly talks about the need to focus on poverty , and it candidly acknowledges that it had imposed too much conditionality when providing financing to poor countries .
Haircuts , like a host of other activities requiring detailed local knowledge , can not be outsourced .
The Bush administration has also trampled on citizens ' basic right to know what their government is doing , refusing , for example , to disclose who was on the task force that shaped its energy policy - though one really does n't need that information to see that it was shaped by the oil industry and for the oil industry .
But why would anyone knowingly sell at a loss ?
We also know that stabilization funds - which set aside some of the money earned when prices are high - can help reduce the economic volatility associated with natural resource prices .
We know what must be done .
Clearly , no CEO of a large corporation , with hundreds of thousands of employees , can know everything that goes on inside the company he or she runs .
Even though a CEO can not know everything , he or she is still ultimately responsible for what occurs in the company they run .
President George W. Bush may claim that he did n't know that the information he was provided by the CIA concerning weapons of mass destruction in pre-war Iraq was so faulty .
The typical American family knows that it is worse off today than it was four years ago , and appears unconvinced that the tax cuts targeted at upper-income Americans brought the benefits heralded by the Bush administration .
Within the United States , all major presidential appointments must be ratified by the Senate ; even if rejections are rare , the vetting process is important , for the president knows that he can go only so far .
That is why right-to-know laws are so important .
Politicians work for the citizenry , which has the right to know what their employees are doing .
Citizens have the right to know how their money is being spent and who is being consulted to form policy .
They have the right to know whether Enron and the oil companies are shaping energy policy .
They have the right to know why America , and the world , was misled by false claims about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Good information requires not just the right to know , but also the right to tell -- a diversified media .
The Bank began to recognize that developing countries differed from more developed countries not just in their lack of resources ; there was also a knowledge gap .
This was particularly important as the world moved into what we call the `` knowledge economy . ''
Failed states , it was now acknowledged , were no less an impediment to development than were overbearing states .
While Dr. Krueger seems sympathetic to critics of the massive IMF bailouts of the Fischer era , knowing what you are against is insufficient .
But there continues to be an enormous need for imported goods -- medicines to promote health , technology to reduce the knowledge gap between the developing countries and the rest of the world , and machines to enhance productivity .
The story since then is well known .
We ca n't know , but there is little doubt that those `` managing '' the economy receive more credit than they deserve , if sometimes less blame .
Airlines and airports may have made more profits in the short run , but they , and the American people , lost in the long run , as we now know , to our horror .
Only a few know what lies behind that innocent sounding name : USEC enriches uranium , to make both the core ingredients for atomic bombs and for nuclear power plants .
Some are more obvious than others ; each devastates the conventional wisdom of but a short while ago -LRB- a salutary reminder , perhaps , of the precariousness of our knowledge -RRB- .
The fundamental problem with the patent system is simple : it is based on restricting the use of knowledge .
Because there is no extra cost associated with an additional individual enjoying the benefits of any piece of knowledge , restricting knowledge is inefficient .
But the patent system not only restricts the use of knowledge ; by granting -LRB- temporary -RRB- monopoly power , it often makes medications unaffordable for people who do n't have insurance .
The value of these efforts was minimal : the knowledge was produced just a little sooner than it would have been otherwise .
There is an alternative way of financing and incentivizing research that , at least in some instances , could do a far better job than patents , both in directing innovation and ensuring that the benefits of that knowledge are enjoyed as widely as possible : a medical prize fund that would reward those who discover cures and vaccines .
Of course , the patent system is itself a prize system , albeit a peculiar one : the prize is temporary monopoly power , implying high prices and restricted access to the benefits that can be derived from the new knowledge .
By contrast , the type of prize system I have in mind would rely on competitive markets to lower prices and make the fruits of the knowledge available as widely as possible .
It would be part of the portfolio of methods for encouraging and supporting research . A prize fund would work well in areas in which needs are well known -- the case for many diseases afflicting the poor -- allowing clear goals to be set in advance .
China knows that it must change if it is to have sustainable growth .
That strategy supported technology transfer , helping to close the knowledge gap and rapidly improving the quality of manufactured goods .
Instead , it should pursue a `` balanced '' intellectual property regime : because knowledge itself is the most important input in the production of knowledge , a badly designed intellectual property regime can stifle innovation -- as has been the case in America in some areas .
But it is important to have an innovation system -LRB- including an intellectual property regime -RRB- that ensures that advances in knowledge are widely used .
That may require innovative approaches , quite different from intellectual property regimes based on privatization and monopolization of knowledge , with the high prices and restricted benefits that follow .
What separates developing countries from developed countries is not only the gap in resources , but also a gap in knowledge .
The Bank should be viewed , in part , as a Knowledge Bank , and it should advocate reforms that enhance developing countries ' access to knowledge .
The world should know what it is getting . Open hearings would be a step in the right direction .
In the midst of a crisis , no one knows how far an economy will drop or for how long .
They did what they could to ensure that no meaningful reforms occurred during the crisis , with the knowledge that after the crisis , momentum for reform would dissipate .
But , at least since Keynes , we know how to stimulate the economy more effectively , and in ways that increase long-term productivity and enhance living standards .
And , to the extent that they acknowledge uncertainty , they tend to reduce unknowns to measurable `` risk . ''
Examples of risk arise when individuals or groups are confident in their accumulated knowledge or experience .
Where we face uncertainty , though , we are confident in our knowledge of possible outcomes , but not of their likelihood -- owing either to difficulties in prediction or to lack of information .
The final , most intractable aspect of incomplete knowledge is ignorance .
Another is the slowness to acknowledge the possibility of novel transmission mechanisms for spongiform encephalopathies -LRB- `` mad cow disease '' -RRB- .
The key question is how to move from the narrow focus on risk toward broader and deeper understandings of incomplete knowledge -- and thus to better scientific policy advice .
As we know from the work of Thomas Kuhn and other philosophers of science , dominant paradigms do not always turn out to be the most accurate .
Before Ma Ying-jeou became President of Taiwan -LRB- officially known as the Republic of China -RRB- in May 2008 , Taiwan was regularly portrayed in China as a `` troublemaker , '' and was the main cause of tension between China and the United States .
For example , acknowledgement of Scotland 's right to choose independence has not resulted in Scotland leaving the United Kingdom .
What people in Taiwan want is nothing more and nothing less than acknowledgement that they can decide their own future .
But , since China knows that Ma is not advocating independence , they are able to countenance with greater equanimity his commitment to sustain the Republic of China on Taiwan .
The real issue is whether both sides can acknowledge that Taiwan 's people have the right to determine their future .
The Marchers did not know where they would end up . There were constant debates about the final destination .
Perhaps no one knew or could know how much suffering would lie ahead , how vast the sacrifice would be , and how great the difference would be between the dream and the reality .
And Europe 's debt problems are now widely acknowledged to be due to ill-conceived aspects of European integration .
Italy 's economic ills are well known .
As Italians know all too well , government instability inevitably breeds financial volatility .
This judgment may be too harsh , because we do not know whether the EU and the single market would have survived without the single currency .
The only exception is Japan , where a lack of political leadership and a limited knowledge of basic economics among government ministers undermines mid-term growth prospects .
But Chinese officials know that renminbi appreciation is also in China 's interest , as they seek to dampen inflationary pressures .
As a party to Japan 's debate on national security , I know from experience that attempting to clarify the vague constitutional status of our Self Defense Forces would lead China and South Korea -- victims of past Japanese invasions -- to use dissenting voices within Japan to smother all discussion , killing mature debate .
Yet , once again , the Bush administration is preparing to leap into the unknown .
On top of all this , Taiwan 's 22 million people go about their daily business knowing that thousands of Chinese missiles are ready to be launched at them at a moment 's notice .
Although these terrorist groups are better known internationally for atrocities against Israel , they have established strong political support by providing organized social services such as schools and clinics for poor people .
However , in comparison with the Holocaust , most people still know little about this dark episode .
South Sudan 's mineral wealth could also be substantial , though no one knows because exploration has been impossible for so long .
Bashir knows the tenacity and persistence of the SPLA .
Such a policy would stop trade between Iran and the EU in its tracks , and Ahmadinejad knows it .
Bossi now knows that the first two promises can not be kept . So he must deliver on the third , or the League will be gravely wounded .
At the time , few people acknowledged this , because Eurocrats rarely make headlines .
Lao Tzu , the founder of Taoism , wrote that `` a leader is best when people barely know he exists . ''
But they also must acknowledge and attend to the post-crisis challenges facing the region as a whole .
Yet the audience might be comprised of individuals unknown to one another , without mutual concern , brought together only by the lecture .
Block thought persists in part because its critics on each side are unknown to those on the other side .
Worse yet , we have all known the shame of waiting day after day for India to appear on the list at all , as countries a hundredth our size record gold upon gold and Indian athletes are barely mentioned among the also-rans .
But excessive pressure may only bring down the government of President Asif Ali Zardari , who is personally inclined towards rapprochement with India but who knows that every one of his civilian predecessors has been overthrown .
Israel is a small country living in a permanent state of siege , highly security-conscious and surrounded by forces hostile to it ; India is a giant country whose borders are notoriously permeable , an open society known for its lax and easy-going ways .
The fact is that India knows that war will accomplish nothing .
This may reveal something of Boyle 's view of human nature , but most Indian viewers know they live in a land largely devoid of larger-than-life heroes .
There are multi-continental ones too , like IBSA , which brings together India , Brazil , and South Africa , or the better-known G-8 .
Making a success of an association that unites large countries and small ones , island states and continental ones , Islamic republics , monarchies , and liberal democracies , and every race known to mankind , represents both a challenge and an opportunity .
Estonia and Costa Rica are well-known examples of how information-access strategies can help accelerate output growth and raise income levels .
Some of the least developed countries , such as Mali and Bangladesh , have shown how determined leadership and innovative approaches can , with international support , connect remote and rural areas to the Internet and mobile telephony , thereby helping to liberate subsistence farmers who were previously tied to local knowledge and local markets .
NEW DELHI -- The target date for fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals is 2015 , and the world knows it is not on course to meet those goals .
To the American motto , `` E Pluribus Unum , '' India could only counter , `` E Pluribus Pluribum . '' Instead of suppressing its diversity in the name of national unity , India acknowledged its pluralism in its institutional arrangements : all groups , faiths , tastes , and ideologies survive and contend for their place in the sun .
Though Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has publicly declared the Dalai Lama to be the `` personification of nonviolence , '' India has let it be known that it does not support his political objectives .
Nor can it afford to alienate its largest trading partner , a neighbor and an emerging global superpower , which is known to be prickly over any presumed slights to its sovereignty over Tibet .
That is true even when we know that only two-thirds of patients respond to a drug , and that significantly fewer get completely well .
Senior officers surely know the risks that they will incur if they order these men to fire on friends and relatives .
Investors do not know what they are buying when they purchase an Italian bond -- is it backstopped by Germany or not ?
We now know that the best credit must stand behind the rest , or else bear runs , such as those that have derailed Greece , Ireland , and Portugal -- and that now threaten to do the same to Italy and Spain -- are inevitable .
We know that Iran has discovered , mined , and milled natural uranium , the basic building block of any enrichment program , without telling the IAEA .
We know that Iran built a uranium conversion facility in Isfahan to convert uranium yellowcake into uranium hexafluoride gas -LRB- UF6 -RRB- , the feedstock for uranium enrichment , without the required prior notifications to the IAEA .
We also know that Iran built an underground uranium enrichment plant at Natanz , hardened it against missile attack , and erected dummy buildings on the surface to conceal it from overhead surveillance .
`` The least we can do to face this danger is to let our enemies know that we can defend ourselves . ''
Neither the Japanese government 's responsibility for initiating and continuing the war nor the inhumane treatment that prisoners of war or the subject civilian populations suffered under Japanese rule are adequately acknowledged .
But what do we really know about these killers among us ?
We know , of course , the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism , and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical , biological , and perhaps even nuclear weapons .
We also know their leaders ' long-term goals : seize power in Muslim countries and attack the Western states that support secular regimes in the Islamic world .
Finally , we also know that the leaders of this fanatical tide are few , but now have the sympathy of millions of ordinary Muslims .
Acknowledging this is not to excuse terrorism , but it is a first step toward understanding terrorism 's underlying causes , and thus toward their elimination .
Above all , it is to acknowledge that democratic societies must use both political and police tactics in confronting fanatical terrorists .
Greater efforts at infiltrating terror networks are needed , as is a deeper knowledge of the social structures created by the terrorists , in order to block their financial support .
Moreover , for geographical reasons , Europe also benefits from a better knowledge of Arab and Muslim countries and extensive familiarity with their populations .
We all know that being `` civilized '' in this formal way does n't prevent people from behaving like barbarians .
In Latin America , all of these crimes are known as `` femicides '' : murders of women precisely for being women .
Indeed , while `` silver bullets '' that can cure our most feared diseases have not been found , progress in the area of gene-drug interactions , known as pharmacogenomics , has been extraordinary .
The ability to determine the principal genes that account for our variable response to prescription drugs has been advanced by a technique known as a genome-wide association study -LRB- GWAS -RRB- .
We now know that a simple genotype sorts out who will or will not benefit from interferon , and there are many new drugs in development for those who will not .
We know only common gene variants from the GWAS approach .
Moreover , someday we will know -- via sequencing of the whole genome -- about rarer genomic variations that are correlated with treatment response or side-effects .
To fill a prescription for a drug with a known pharmacogenomic profile , a customer can get rapid genotyping to determine appropriate dose , drug , or predilection for serious side-effects .
Although I grew up around wheat fields , my knowledge of farming is thin .
Because they know both the tastes of fellow city dwellers and rural conditions , many urban farmers are succeeding .
A senior sports writer with a Kenyan daily paper recently told me that this time women seem to be interested in learning the rules of the game and knowing more about players and their positions .
I know that many would argue that the pool of well-known African women is limited to Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Nobel Peace Laureate Wangari Maathai , Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , the former Nigerian minister of finance and current World Bank vice president , Graça Machel , the former First Lady of Mozambique and South Africa , and a few others .
Had women been in charge of the AU , they would have known that the machismo of African men does n't allow them to be shaken by threats of violent confrontation .
Yet , within the complexity , there is a very simple truth : for a decade or more , we have known that it was risky to go on emitting greenhouse gases , yet we have utterly failed to take credible steps to stop .
Finally , of course , we have the spectacular advances in our knowledge of genomics , the science that lets us understand the basic mechanisms that operate inside all living systems , including humans .
In 2008 , Medvedev was installed in the Kremlin as part of `` Putin 's plan , '' the substantive part of which was known as `` Strategy 2020 , '' a blueprint for continued economic growth and diversification .
I have good news and bad news , but since I do n't know which is which , I will convey them in their logical order .
First , the name of Russia 's next president is now known .
But , above all , it is an honor and a privilege to play such a role in our society , and I know that the vast majority of officials , legislators , judges , and civil servants with whom I 've worked would agree .
`` How can we be expected to build the socialist economy , '' asked a Ukrainian peasant , `` when we are all doomed to hunger ? '' We now know , after 20 years of discussion of Soviet documents , that in 1932 Stalin knowingly transformed the collectivization famine in Ukraine into a deliberate campaign of politically motivated starvation .
In this , we know we are not alone .
We know that throughout Africa , the will of the electorate has been thwarted .
The regime knows that its survival depends on preventing economic collapse .
The crisis energized the system and shifted decision-making power to those who know about and can do something for the economy .
Russia 's leaders acknowledge the need for modernization , and pay it frequent lip-service , as is evidenced by President Dmitri Medvedev 's manifesto `` Go , Russia ! '' But the incentives to escape the resource trap are weakened by the overwhelming importance of the resource rents to the wider political elite .
We will know soon -LRB- certainly before July 1 -RRB- whether Russia 's president can implement even a part of his agenda -- and whether he is willing and able to build his own power base in the process .
So EU institutions are right to acknowledge currency boards as being consistent with the ERM II regime , even though they have at the same time reserved the discretion to assess each country on a case-by-case basis .
Creative Europe LJUBLJANA -- At the Spring European Council meeting on March 13-14 , EU member states ' leaders will launch the second cycle of the Lisbon Strategy for Growth and Jobs , a strategy launched in 2000 with the aim of making the EU the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world .
This is all the more true as Asian universities turn out vast numbers of engineers and other knowledge workers who are just as qualified as their European colleagues , and as brilliant in technical design as they are in optimizing the manufacturing process .
Today , too , governments may be tempted to protect newspapers and public TV on the pretext of `` saving democracy as we know it . ''
Such thinking reflects an age-old fear : as Plato put it , citizens would get '' information without proper instruction and , in consequence , be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant . '' It is a fear that has echoed down through history ever since , from the Catholic Church cursing Gutenberg 's movable type to the Victorian bourgeois complaining of the newly discovered freedom of the press .
Protecting Zimbabwe JOHANNESBURG -- Although the Chinese ship that was carrying arms to Zimbabwe , the An Yue Jiang , has reportedly turned back , we do n't know where else President Robert Mugabe 's military and paramilitary forces may be acquiring weapons .
The first step is to gather reliable information so that it is possible to know what international measures are required to prevent a disaster .
President Kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in him .
Ukrainians must vote for parties headed by leaders that they know and trust .
Ordinary Ukrainians know who they are because their bosses are telling them , even ordering them , to vote for these people .
In opposing the current regime , we know that we will be exposed to dirt and open slander .
As one who worked in the gas industry before entering politics , I know that the gas trade in the countries of the former Soviet Union is riddled with corruption .
Ukraine 's energy needs , and thus the certainty of energy supplies across Europe , will never be secure as long as gas transit is in the hands of secretive companies with unknown owners .
This is why our people should know precisely what they are voting for this Sunday .
Many of Ukraine 's richest citizens , who gained their wealth through the crony capitalism that is the only way Yanukovich knows how to govern , remain unreconciled to Ukraine 's democracy .
Europe must send a clear signal that Ukraine , unlike Czechoslovakia to Neville Chamberlain in 1938 , is not some faraway place of which it knows little , but rather an integral part of the European project .
Democratic consent can truly be given only when voters know what they are consenting to .
Back then , we lived under a system that denied ordinary people any right whatsoever to know about even essential facts and events .
But the more bizarre fact about the Chernobyl disaster , we now know , is that Mikhail Gorbachev , General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union , was also kept in the dark about the magnitude of the disaster .
But even 25 years later I find it difficult to connect what I really know of the disaster with when I came to know it .
Having grown up in the USSR , I know that Soviet leaders practically made contempt for suffering and moral concerns a foundation of their philosophy of rule .
So Kuchma knows that he can not rely on handpicking his successor , as Yeltsin did in Russia .
Ukrainians know that the choice they make now , that their decision to stand firm with Viktor Yushchenko today , will determine their freedom forever , as well as the health of their nation -- its independence as well as its economic strength .
Moreover , large investments in R&D may be of limited use if knowledge ca n't be transformed into successful businesses .
This shift has been led by an embryonic grouping of elected regional parliamentarians known as the ASEAN Inter-Parliamentary Caucus on Democracy in Myanmar -LRB- AIPMC -RRB- , of which I am a member .
We know that Burma 's political destiny is inextricably linked to that of our own countries .
Science has demonstrated the cost-effectiveness of food fortification , and the technologies and know-how are available in the private sector , which has the capacity to innovate and deliver products to the poorest .
Against the backdrop of these two equally plausible scenarios , we will know only in a few years whether December 's Bali declaration on climate change was just rhetoric or the start of a global effort to counter it .
Hardliners in Israel naturally regret the end of the Bush administration , for they know that , even if President Barack Obama does not dramatically change US policy toward Israel once he assumes power , he will not repeat Bush 's unconditional support .
They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two-state solution .
Local banks and corporations would never again overborrow , knowing that no safety net would catch them when they fell .
Seventeen of the 45 blocks are being reserved for unknown companies that will be given a first right of refusal on acreage in exchange for promises to invest heavily in projects not directly related to oil production , such as new power plants and refineries .
Instead , it needs to invest in the region 's human capital and share Indian know-how .
But shared know-how should move beyond economic links .
It can be argued that the sophisticated loan packages created by banks in recent years are , likewise , a new and unknown product , so information and experience to aid pricing has been scarce and dispersed .
This is a well-known phenomenon ; indeed the study of the market for automotive `` lemons '' won George Akerlof the Nobel Prize .
The crises in the US in the 1980 's -LRB- caused by the savings-and-loan institutions known as `` thrifts '' -RRB- , and in Japan and Scandinavia in the 1990 's , showed that financial liberalization without proper regulation induces instability .
The driver , who did n't know what he was carrying , said that he was stopped 50 times on the journey . But it was always the same .
A policeman would ask , `` Do you know the price ? '' `` Sure I do , '' the driver would reply , pay the bribe , and go on .
Then this scientist will be surprised -LRB- or not -RRB- to discover that the Russian majority views Joseph Stalin as the third most popular person in a contest to be known as the `` Face of Russia . '' In the meantime , his junior colleague in Russia , who still has his whole future in front of him , does not attend the Dissenters ' March , but simply emigrates , which is also a form of protest .
If you are highly sexual for six months in a way that feels uncontrolled and becomes distressing , and use sexuality for relieving feelings of stress and boredom or without consideration of the emotional effect on others -LRB- formerly known as being a `` cad '' -RRB- , you are diagnosable .
A second example : it has been known since antiquity that normal people who recently experienced a significant loss -- especially of a loved one -- can have the same symptoms -LRB- e.g. , sadness , insomnia , fatigue , loss of interest in usual activities , lessened appetite -RRB- as those indicating major depressive disorder .
Americans must acknowledge that educational and medical privacy laws require limited exceptions for notification of family and authorities when clear signs of severe mental illness surface , so that colleges and other institutions can take timely action .
Since leaving the ICTY , I have personally participated in annual joint training sessions for the appellate litigators of all the international criminal courts and know well that the caliber of the ICTY prosecutors ' work remains high .
Independently , we became infected with the idea of creating a Web platform that would enable anyone to contribute their knowledge to free and open learning resources .
We want to infect you with the dream that anyone can become part of a new movement with the potential to change the world of education . This movement can redefine forever how knowledge is created and used .
Today , Pluto remains on the list of planets in science textbooks , and who knows how long it will take for it to be removed .
Open Education promises to turn the current textbook production pipeline into a vast dynamic knowledge ecosystem that is in a constant state of creation , use , reuse , and improvement .
Together , we can all help transform the way the world develops , disseminates , and uses knowledge .
These appalling conditions result from North Korea 's bizarre form of socialism known as `` juche . '' Invented by Kim Jong Il 's father , North Korea 's current leader has continued to promote `` juche '' in almost 900 books and articles .
No one doubts that Jiang Zemin knows how to maintain an authoritarian regime .
In contrast , it might be more difficult for a migrant in a distant country to assess the extent to which family members back home , knowing that they can always rely on the remittances , are responsible for other forms of income loss .
It 's not a lack of equipment or of local knowledge .
Even a visit to a bookstore can shock anyone who first came to know China decades ago , when it seemed inconceivable that works by non-Marxist theorists would ever outnumber those by Marxists .
A theater company has even been allowed to stage `` Animal Farm , '' George Orwell 's famous anti-authoritarian allegory , once known to socialist-bloc readers only via underground editions .
With its bliss-inducing drug `` soma '' and sensuous entertainments known as `` feelies , '' which provided the sort of engrossing distraction now offered by video games and iPods , Brave New World 's perspective adds a new dimension to understanding the durability of the Chinese Communist Party -LRB- CCP -RRB- as a protean ruling party .
Of course , there are moments when China 's leaders do seem like people who know that they are succeeding and want others to acknowledge it .
The new Polish constitution gives an elegant answer : It acknowledge both traditions : '' We , the Polish Nation - all citizens of the Republic , both those who believe in God as the source of truth , justice , good and beauty , as well as those not sharing such faith but respecting those universal values as arising from other sources , equal in rights and obligations towards the common good ... ''
The truest pluralism is embodied by states that can , on the one hand , effectively guarantee both religious freedom and freedom from religion , yet acknowledge without fear-even in their constitutions-the living faith of many of their citizens .
The entire world knows the risk posed by a nuclear Iran : a drastically altered balance of power in the Middle East and Central Asia , with Iran able to exert far more regional leverage -- both overt and implicit -- than it now possesses in pursuit of its interests .
America was overstretched because its global liabilities were increasingly out of balance with its national assets , and it was bound to lead because the world as we know it is arranged favorably for it to do so .
Those who understand Americans ' deep-rooted passion for `` making it '' know why class or any other civil warfare has not succeeded in destroying America from within .
Some unknown comet or other space object could fly near enough to the asteroid in the next few decades to change its predicted path , perhaps in a way that redirected it toward Earth .
Given the differing views of President Dmitri Medvedev and former President and current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- the main candidates in next year 's presidential election -- many Russian bureaucrats prefer to avoid offering bold initiatives regarding BMD or other strategic arms-control issues until they know who the next president will be .
One hopeful sign is that Russian officials have recently acknowledged the impracticality of the sectoral BMD plan that Medvedev proposed at last November 's NATO-Russian Council summit .
Today , however , the real threats to the majority of the world 's population stems from dangers almost unknown back then : poverty , hunger , population growth , migration , the environment , and the like . For the UN to meet these challenges , its very structure must change .
India , long known for gross disparities between rich and poor , has a Gini coefficient that has hovered around 0.30 to 0.32 over the past five decades .
China 's government must acknowledge that deep income inequality and rural poverty is no longer exclusively an economic problem , but threatens social peace and political stability .
There is only one way to really know if any intervention does more good than harm , and that is via randomized controlled trials .
The central unknown is the composition of the ruling coalition .
Rather , it is about developing a way of thinking about a discipline that reflects a particular perception of how `` knowledge '' is established , its extent and limitations , how it describes nature , and how it can be usefully applied in a variety of contexts .
Unfortunately , little is known about the potential environmental impacts of nanomaterials .
For example , ten years of studies of the possible health effects of a class of carbon-based nanomaterials known as fullerenes report that the soccer-ball-shaped fullerene molecules known as `` buckyballs , '' are powerful antioxidants , comparable in strength to vitamin E. Other studies report that some types of buckyballs can be toxic to tumor cells .
We do know that when materials resist degradation , they may be present in the environment for long periods of time , and thus have a greater chance of interacting with the living environment . But processes that may lead to the breakdown of nanomaterials , including degradation by bacteria , are virtually unexplored .
Moreover , like toxicity and persistence , little is known about how nanoparticles are likely to move about in the environment .
Indeed , many of the ingredients used to make nanomaterials are currently known to present risks to human health .
We know that the universe today contains a form of matter , the so-called dark matter , that is different from anything we have ever observed .
We have observed the effects of the `` water '' that we use to simplify our equations -- it slows down particles , and makes them heavy -- but we do not know what it is made out of .
In the 1860 's , James Clerk Maxwell assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency .
The augmented equations , today known as the Maxwell equations , described a unified theory of electricity and magnetism .
If so , a whole new world of particles will be discovered : each currently known particle will have a heavier relative -- its superpartner -- with different , but predictable , properties .
WASHINGTON , DC -- For decades , research universities in the United States have been universally acknowledged as the world 's leaders in science and engineering , unsurpassed since World War II in the sheer volume and excellence of the scholarship and innovation that they generate .
There is every reason to believe that the worldwide competition for human talent , the race to produce innovative research , the push to extend university campuses to multiple countries , and the rush to train talented graduates who can strengthen increasingly knowledge-based economies will be good for the US as well .
Above all , this is because the expansion of knowledge is not a zero-sum game .
More PhD production and burgeoning research in China , for instance , does n't take away from America 's store of learning ; on the contrary , it enhances what we know and can accomplish .
Because knowledge is a public good , intellectual gains by one country often benefit others .
Today 's swirling patterns of mobility and knowledge transmission constitute a new kind of free trade : free trade in minds .
By resisting protectionist barriers at home and abroad , by continuing to recruit and welcome the world 's best students , by sending more students overseas , by fostering cross-national research collaboration , and by strengthening its own research universities , the US can sustain its well-established academic excellence while continuing to expand the sum total of global knowledge and prosperity .
For over three decades , the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- has been the cornerstone of the world 's non-proliferation regime , a position that derives from growing acknowledgement of the legal and normative standards that it established .
For , despite all their differences and mutual dissatisfactions , Europe and the US know that each is the best friend either is likely to have for the foreseeable future .
We now know that the torture of prisoners was the result of a policy set in the White House by former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , Vice President Dick Cheney , and Rice -- who actually chaired the torture meetings .
The Pentagon has also acknowledged that it had authorized sexualized abuse of detainees as part of interrogation practices to be performed by female operatives .
Those who work in the field know that once sex abusers control a powerless victim , they will invariably push the boundaries with ever more extreme behavior . Abusers start by undressing their victims , but once that line has been breached , you are likely to hear from the victim about oral and anal penetration , greater and greater pain and fear being inflicted , and more and more carelessness about exposing the crimes as the perpetrator 's inhibitions fall away .
Those who grew up with the children 's educational TV show Sesame Street know that it gives five-year-olds easy-to-take lessons in literacy , numeracy , and social skills .
Meanwhile , New York was growing impatient , letting the Palestinian team know that their segments were late -- and , under what was essentially a military occupation , the Palestinians began to rethink whether this was the right kind of project to which to devote their energies .
Let us imagine , then , a Britain of tomorrow that includes parliamentarians who do n't know what led to World War I , or what the Enlightenment was ; journalists who ca n't write compellingly ; attorneys and judges who ca n't figure out their cases ; and spies and diplomats who do n't speak the languages or understand the cultures in which they work .
We know Assange by name .
Students of Weimar Germany know that sudden dislocations and shocks -- rapid urbanization , disruption of traditional family and social ties , loosening of sexual restrictions , and economic collapse -- primed many Germans to become receptive to simplistic theories that seemed to address their confusion and offer a larger meaning to their suffering .
One of Hillary Clinton 's much-overlooked strengths is that she understands that , too -- and has demonstrated that she knows what it means .
I believe that Obama knows that Hillary realizes that conflict emerges from these problems , and that using military intervention without addressing them is merely the equivalent of throwing a blanket into a volcano .
So half of incoming American college students do n't know what our democracy is , let alone how to defend it when it is threatened .
The Education Myth We all know that more education is a Good Thing , especially for our economic futures .
We are told that in a `` knowledge economy , '' a country needs ever more graduates and formal qualifications to stay competitive .
However , every study I know of -- whether British , Scandinavian , or American -- agrees that large numbers of these `` graduate '' jobs require no more than they did when non-graduates performed them perfectly well .
Its seventeen months in power before the current catastrophe have been a saga of struggle with career officials in many parts of the bureaucracy , including the judiciary , fighting for the survival of the world they have always known .
On the contrary , as Ye has candidly acknowledged , the number of corruption cases `` has continued to rise . ''
China 's Decrepit Population China 's government finally appears to be acknowledging the urgent challenges presented by the country 's aging population .
As most owners of puppies know , it takes time and care for a dog to learn the ways of humans .
Economists know that important parts of the population are bound to lose from reform . Their answer is that more people stand to benefit , and that the benefits far outweigh the costs .
It may be that the SNB merely acknowledges what other central banks do not .
Another new term , `` zhi qing quan '' -LRB- right to know -RRB- , has also entered public discourse .
Mainstream thinking , known as the Chinese School , insists , with the government , on `` Marxism with Chinese characteristics '' as the bedrock principle of China 's foreign policy .
Many Muslims also understand that the problem of Palestine , unsolved for three generations , goes beyond the suffering of the Palestinian people . They know that the region 's dictators have used Palestine to justify their misrule and to avoid political and economic liberalization .
Yet Iran may already see itself as victorious , with the current Iraqi government friendlier than any the Iranians have ever known .
Having begun , ever so carefully , to politically open his country , the King knows that he needs regional peace and a lowering of Islamic holy rage .
Seven other Saudi jihadis who escaped to Yemen are also known to be active in Al Qaeda there .
The US and Britain , both patrons of the GCC , must encourage its members to include Yemen if they want to solve its problems . Yemenis are known as skilled labourers .
Being present at the Taliban 's creation , the Saudis know how to talk to its leaders .
Saleh , who has been in power since 1978 , knows that his time is up . `` They are falling like leaves in autumn , '' he recently said of the regime 's defectors .
Since 2009 , the US has showered Saleh 's government with military aid . But the US knows that al-Qaeda is an enemy of convenience for Saleh , and that the danger to the US from post-Saleh chaos in Yemen is exaggerated .
The reality is that the US has known for weeks that it can not save Saleh 's regime .
But the US knows perfectly well that Al Qaeda is an enemy of convenience for Saleh and other American allies in the region , and that in many cases , terrorism has been used as a pretext to repress reform .
LONDON -- The unexpected visibility and assertiveness of women in the revolutions unfolding across the Arab world -- in Tunisia , Egypt , Libya , Yemen , Bahrain , Syria , and elsewhere -- has helped propel what has become variously known as the `` Arab awakening '' or `` Arab Spring . ''
She went on , `` And the mataw ' a -LRB- the religious police , known officially as the Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice , and whose leader has ministerial rank -RRB- have been given the right to humiliate us in public . ''
Yet globalization knows no limits , not even those set by the guardians of Islamic probity .
The Kingdom 's prestige among fellow Islamic regimes suffered , because Al Qaeda was widely perceived as a product of Saudi Arabia 's official Wahhabi ideology , and was known to receive much of its financial support from within the country .
But the supposed cure -- more knowledge of Wahhabism -- proved only to promote the disease : the men who created Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula were graduates of the Saudis ' rehabilitation program .
Some royals recognize this and know that a more thorough housecleaning is needed .
But , befitting this increasingly exsanguinous imperium , Naif , 82 , is known to suffer from leukemia .
Fortunately , Russians know how to survive hard times .
But at least we will know that we are not fighting for an impossible objective that can only result in blood and devastation -- blood and devastation that will weigh on the collective memories of the sons and grandsons of our neighbors , who will remain our enemies , even if the spinning top continues to turn .
With such a clear and direct appeal to the Israeli government , America 's president not only expresses what a majority of Israelis know .
It will be more than sufficient to ask the Palestinians to recognize the legitimacy of the state of Israel , a state whose territorial boundaries and political identity are known to all .
The Palestinian leadership knows that if Iran ever launches a nuclear attack against Israel , their people would suffer terribly as well .
Israel is , of course , resigned to its numerical inferiority , and will continue to train its soldiers in order to overcome this deficit . As a result , one prisoner in exchange for a thousand Palestinian prisoners is neither a humiliation nor a surrender , but an acceptable agreement that acknowledges , even on behalf of the enemy , the military capacity of Israeli soldiers .
Indeed , those remaining in the West Bank will be under the supervision not only of Israeli security forces -- who know everything they need to know -- but also of the Palestinian Authority . In recent years , the Palestinian Authority has effectively prevented acts of terrorism and violence against Israelis , with the aim of stabilizing the situation in the West Bank in order to prepare for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state .
First , we now know that adaptation will be essential , because temperatures will rise by another 0.6 ° C by 2100 even if greenhouse gas emissions are eliminated tomorrow .
We also know that the impact of climate change will not be evenly distributed across the globe .
Nowadays , every North Korean seems to like money and know its value .
Nobody yet knows what the political consequences of these economic changes will be .
We still do not know the nature of the era ahead of us ; we can only be certain that the global economy is in the middle of a major transition , and that the old ways will not work anymore .
Assad knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanon 's sovereignty and independence would make Syria 's return difficult -- and Assad , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less .
The party 's leaders know that any crisis in Lebanon could provoke a Sunni-Shiite conflict .
Syria 's Lebanese enemies know that the election 's outcome will determine their fate .
The problem is that the anti-Syrian coalition , known as `` March 14 , '' is not yet united around a single presidential candidate .
The PBC knows that rapid deterioration in America 's fiscal position and continual worsening in its external balance may create an irresistible temptation for the US to inflate away its debt burden .
China 's rapid growth has been achieved at extremely high cost . Only future generations will know the true price .
Their compatriots in Sierra Leone also want to know what will happen now that they , too , have won the commodities lottery : last year , the country struck oil and discovered one of the largest iron-ore deposits in the world .
But , following the US-led invasion in 2003 , southern Iraq was opened to forces known as Propagation of Virtue and Prevention of Vice -LRB- PVPV -RRB- -- militant gangs and individuals committed to archaic Islamic rule and suppression of women 's rights .
In Accra , a trendy street club named Strawberries is well known as a hangout for gays , and there are a few prominent , if still discreet , clubs where homosexual men and women gather .
Two other females said the same thing happens to them and asserted that lesbianism is widely practiced in Accra , if publicly unacknowledged .
Learned and deeply reflective , Obama knows that black Americans will view his visit to Ghana very differently than white Americans will .
Farmers , for example , might choose crops and growing patterns based on knowledge from earth observations .
`` There are a lot of surprising innovations coming from South Africa , '' says David Kaplan , an economist at the University of Cape Town who specializes in tracking technological change . `` But the gap between esoteric knowledge and economic applications remains large . ''
Ghana is best known for producing cocoa and gold , but today Affiliated Computer Services -LRB- ACS -RRB- , a Texas company that runs the outsourcing operation , is the country 's largest private employer .
Sachs knows the freebies to farmers guarantee gains in the short run , but he 's convinced that African villagers , once freed from `` the poverty trap , '' can thrive on their own .
Instead of more Madonnas , who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child 's life , Africa needs more Nkhomas : passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children .
Although they do serve a useful purpose by keeping other players on their toes and raising efficiency through competition , market participants for the most part avoid them , preferring to do business with the Warren Buffetts -- hard-driving businessmen , but known for fair play and creating long-term value .
We know what the impact of periodic droughts have been on the lives of tens of millions of Africans .
But we all know that these countries and their national banks were able to spend trillions of dollars in a few months to bail out their bankers , who earned super-profits when the going was good .
Cities such as London and New York became known as financial centers only after they had proved themselves in the role .
While nobody knows exactly what this danger level is , it is clear where the alarm starts to arise .
I think that what leads them to behave this way is not lack of knowledge , but perverse incentives .
The most highly touted change -- the separation between proprietary trading and commercial banking -LRB- also known as the `` Volker rule , '' after former US Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volker -RRB- -- has nothing to do with what caused the crisis , and most likely was approved because it was ineffective .
But the data were not made available , because the interested parties were -LRB- and remain -RRB- afraid to share it , knowing full well what would be revealed .
There are few areas in which government intervention is known to create value : reducing the devastating effects of a bank run is one .
