Her second term in office -LRB- 1993-96 -RRB- was longer and better , but her government again fell early , owing to charges of mismanagement and corruption .
Interestingly , in the midst of the political transition , Musharraf embarked on a week-long visit to China to lobby for construction of an oil and gas pipeline between China and the Persian Gulf that would be routed through Pakistan .
Nevertheless , long-term US interests in the region will be better served if Pakistan 's democratic forces successfully establish themselves .
American reluctance to abandon Musharraf -- together with prolonged electricity shortages , which made the new government appear incompetent -- also raised his hopes .
Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
JuD , along with many other like-minded groups , radicalized thousands of young Pakistanis .
In the long-term , however , what really matters is whether the Muslims of South Asia will be able to roll back the spread of Talibanization altogether .
Rumsfeld 's charge -- vehemently denied by Syria -- now tops a long list of unresolved issues in Syria 's relations with the US : Syria 's open-ended military intervention in Lebanon and continued support of Hezbollah there ; its supposed involvement in the 1982 suicide attack in Beirut that killed 241 US Marines ; its continued support of various `` outlawed '' Palestinian groups ; and its allegedly growing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons .
Indeed , Syria has long been included on the US State Department 's list of nations that support terrorism .
Declaring that `` Arab popular resistance '' to the American invasion has spread through the region , Assad referred to the increasing numbers of Arab , including Syrian , `` volunteers '' who have gone to Iraq to fight alongside Saddam 's soldiers .
I have been involved with the launch of another initiative , the Tharwa Project -LRB- www.tharwaproject.com -RRB- , which I have long envisioned as one way for the Arab region to address its problems with religious and ethnic minorities .
The weight of one of the world 's longest-running conflicts is resting on their thin shoulders , crushing their childhood and inflicting psychological scars that may never heal .
While conveying the possibility of a veto , Russia 's current strategy is to delay a Security Council vote as long as possible by prompting a new fact-finding mission to Kosovo , which will most likely be followed by renewed insistence on another effort to negotiate a settlement .
This time , the Kremlin has stuck its finger in the West 's eye over the long and painful effort to bring Kosovo to formal independence .
A long overdue diplomatic offensive needs to be launched to undercut Russian arguments as well as remind the world of what happened in Kosovo .
Mahmoud Abbas , Arafat 's longtime deputy and the architect of the Oslo accords , quickly secured the backing of Fatah , the PLO 's core body .
All of this is designed to reinforce one point : the Gaza withdrawal belongs to Hamas .
Often , the people involved in these crimes belong to local gangs or even to the militias of large clans .
The Badr Brigade is composed of several thousand Palestinians , mostly long-time PLO activists .
This , Egypt fears , would give a boost to its own Islamic radicals , against which the government has long fought .
With Hamas in control for more than two years , the Gaza Strip has long been considered much more traditional and conservative than the West Bank .
Pakistani-style dress has become common , as is the long hair that is thought to resemble the style of the Prophet Mohammad .
In the process , Hamas hopes to win the international legitimacy that it has long sought .
Hamas finds itself in a difficult position , since its policy calls for strong resistance , alongside politics .
But there is a growing sense that the waiting game can not last much longer . Whatever comes next will most likely come soon .
Acting now means less spending in the long run .
Statistical evidence suggests that this relationship will weaken once the real-estate market recovers , but this remains a long-run prospect .
But Europe 's criticisms , no matter how sound , will not be taken seriously by the US so long as the Continent continues to free-ride on America 's defenses , something it has done for half-a-century .
This can no longer continue - at least not if the EU is serious about playing a leading role in the world .
The alternative is to capitalize on the unique opportunity that this year 's devaluation of the peso offers by making the competitiveness gains last long enough to shift resources into the export sector .
In the old model returns come quicker , but the long-term implications are gloomy , because the economy would remain saddled with the same problems it has confronted for decades .
This question is important not only in transition economies and other emerging market countries , but in rich countries as well -- in fact almost everywhere , except possibly the US and the UK , which long ago embarked on a process of radical and far-reaching economic liberalization .
Similar discrepancies were found in the price of a coast-to-coast phone call in the US and that of a domestic long-distance call in France .
The answer is clear : America 's by a long shot .
The most plausible reason is that many now realize that they will live far longer than they anticipated -- often spending one-third of their lives in retirement -- but that the State may no longer deliver on its promises .
The first is simply that in every industrial society , people are living longer lives and having fewer children .
The second factor empowering the pensioners ' lobby is that the old are , on average , richer than the young , simply because they have been around longer and so have had more time to accumulate wealth .
In the meantime , one can only suggest to our grandparents that they compensate their grandchildren by leaving them generous private bequests along with high tax burdens .
Today , Europe 's economic house is no longer on fire .
As it turned out , such action no longer works in a world in which European companies are exposed to the scrutiny of international investors .
Mr. Fastow will go to jail for ten years ; those he testifies against will face even longer sentences .
The deal was signed and almost everybody was happy : passengers who fly cheaply ; the airport , where the number of shops increased along with the number of passengers ; the local community , where new jobs were created .
Even leaving aside this vision , Ryanair succeeded in providing cheap fares in a European travel market that not long ago was prohibitively expensive .
Created in the postwar world of 1945 , they reflect realities that have long ceased to exist .
The organization and allocation of power in the UN , the IMF , the World Bank , and the G7 meetings reflects a global equilibrium that disappeared long ago .
Precisely for this reason , political opportunists in the US have long used the race card to discredit welfare and redistribution , from the Jim Crow system that segregated blacks in the South before 1964 to the infamous Reagan-era charge about black `` welfare queens '' who drive Cadillacs .
It will not be long before even Europe 's more respectable conservative parties reach for rhetoric about `` foreigners coming here to feast off of our taxes . ''
So long as the Union 's borders remain closed , there is also a risk that foreign investment will fly over Western Europe and land in Central and Eastern Europe , where people are willing to work longer hours , market regulations are less intrusive , and human capital is relatively high , because Communist schools were good at technical training .
So , lower participation in the labor force explains half of the difference , and longer vacations for those who do work accounts for the other half .
Hu Shuli belongs to the same generation : the journalist whom the Economist magazine calls `` China 's most dangerous woman , '' moved from her first job , with the Party press , to editing Caijng , a business magazine that runs stories on corruption , exposing businessmen and public officials .
But more inequality also means more opportunities : becoming rich today in China remains very difficult , but it is no longer impossible - just walk into one of the pubs of downtown Shanghai .
It is probably bad in the short run , but who knows about the longer term ?
Prodi 's Commission decided to send Commissioners `` into the field '' : their offices were no longer next to the President 's office , but located in the department for which each was responsible .
In many ways , this is not surprising : once politicians no longer face annual EU progress reports - and the threat of exclusion - fiscal relaxation becomes much less costly .
Regardless of whether such policies were in the long-term interest of these countries , in the short run they were politically costly .
As a result , perhaps the long-awaited turnaround in German consumption -- which has been flat for the good part of a decade -- is about to happen .
When consumers see the benefits of market deregulation , for example , perhaps they will feel compensated for having to work longer for their retirement .
Those who really care about reducing poverty should place blame where it belongs : with governments and bureaucracies in many developing countries , especially in Africa and Latin America .
The Competition Commission started from the premise that the current overlaps in the packaging markets will grow in the medium to long term .
Because some industries no longer care about wide trade agreements because they have already benefited through a sectoral deal , the groups that normally see themselves as gaining from greater trade openness are too weak to offset the political influence of protectionist forces mobilized against liberalization .
From my own long experience of negotiation , I know that talk of winners and losers is not just unhelpful , but misleading .
At a dinner party in London not long ago he described Israel as `` that shitty little country . ''
Only China , long reluctant to flex its diplomatic muscles , now has the power to find a diplomatic solution to the North Korean nuclear problem .
If Washington is serious about these words , it should transform this commitment into a long-term and comprehensive alliance that can survive the current estrangement - and continue even after Korean unification - by making a joint declaration with South Korea 's government at the highest level .
Moreover , it is difficult to imagine what advantages could be offered to Turkey in the framework of a `` Privileged Partnership '' beyond its long-time status as an Associate Member of the EU .
The resurgence of TB has become a grave health emergency , and the world can no longer afford to be lethargic in addressing it .
Many Turks share the view that the war could have harsh consequences for their country , both in the short and long run .
By accepting European demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for EU membership , Erdogan played a liberalizing role , reinforcing his claim that his party represents a genuinely democratic option for a Muslim-majority country B indeed , that it is an Islamic version of the Christian Democratic parties that have long dominated Europe 's political right .
By pressing for membership in the EU , he is reinforcing Turkey 's long-held western orientation .
Things were better long ago .
The best estimate is that around 16 % of Iraq 's population , or one in six Iraqis , no longer live in their homes .
With the prospects of return continuing to deteriorate , prolonged displacement may well become permanent .
The morgue is full , and there are not enough refrigerators for the dead -- they just put bodies along the walls . ''
An important audience for each IAC report are the 100 academies of science that belong to the IAP . Each has a special responsibility for disseminating a report 's recommendations throughout its own country , which can considerably enhance the academy 's effectiveness in influencing national policies .
An active Russian civil society , which seemed to appear out of nowhere in Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union of 1989-1990 after the long Soviet hibernation , receded far too quickly .
Foreign policy and defense belong , par excellence , at government 's apex . There are clear externalities and economies of scale .
The EU Constitution should establish unequivocally which prerogatives belong to Europe and which to member countries .
Instead , the main threat to the long-term sustainability of energy supplies is the mismatch between investment in additional capacity and energy infrastructure , on one hand , and growth in demand for energy on the other .
Only long-term , market-oriented , economically viable , and sustainable energy options can ensure economic growth in both producing and consuming countries .
Indeed , as long as China and Russia have money to invest and arms to sell , most UN sanctions will be toothless .
While they can feed on each other to produce a vicious cycle , their short-term relationship is distinct from their long-term relationship .
In the long run , however , statistical analysis of various oil industry variables indicates that a weaker dollar affects supply by reducing production , regardless of whether oil is owned and produced by national or international oil companies .
His biggest fans might include the high-living members of his family , along with selected business executives in the United States and Europe , where he spends quite a bit of his money .
Three years later , Operation Artemis , a comparable EU mission in the eastern province of Ituri , again demonstrated Europe 's resolve to use its military capability to underpin a long-term peace process .
Nevertheless , European military capabilities are limited , requiring that European planners look for `` minimal '' options , with the drawback that smaller commitments generally require a long-term perspective .
The ESDP has not functioned long enough to establish a clear track record .
This is as much a matter of principle as of cold , strategic calculation , and it is here where the ESDP has much to offer : a long-term view , supported by a powerful economy with the assets needed to carry out humanitarian operations , conflict prevention , crisis management , and security support .
Losing Turkey OXFORD &#45; &#45; Turkey has long been a haven of geo-political stability .
In the early 1990 's , some Turkish generals saw the humiliation of Russian troops in Chechnya as part of a long-awaited revenge .
This requires not just reinforcing resilience in the face of crisis , but also equipping euro-area economies for the longer-term challenges of globalization , aging , resource scarcity , and climate change .
Furthermore , because these countries no longer faced current-account constraints , they could spend beyond their means without any immediate apparent damage to their economies .
Reforms of the labor market , the pension system , and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions -- all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and , therefore , hope -- reflect a profound change in the public 's perception of the country 's long-term needs .
It was n't long before it was back to `` business as usual , '' with hardly any structural reform .
Eurozone members facing a loss of competitiveness can no longer afford to skirt difficult but necessary reforms through a monetary `` quick fix '' that shifts the burden onto their trade partners : as always , beggar-thy-neighbor policies reward laxity and penalize virtue .
We are more likely to live with this tension for a long time , with emphasis shifting back and forth between approaches .
We can not establish an effective social contract without an explicit understanding of our responsibilities towards each other -- and of the rights that emerge alongside those responsibilities .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care .
In addition , a diagnosis no longer has to be a death sentence , because one-third of cancers can be cured if detected early and treated properly .
The truth is , however , that the US and the EU are rapidly evolving along their own paths : both sides of the Atlantic thus face the challenge of managing an ever more complex relationship .
Lingering anti-American undertones , of course , will invariably surface for , as in any long unbalanced relationship , the junior partner will tend to make declaratory statements that generate misperceptions .
National interests can no longer be effectively pursued unilaterally ; US global interests are served best by multilateral action and bodies .
However , mutual interaction and equal partnership remain the only response -- especially if they are reflected into long overdue reforms of multilateral institutions and increased global governance .
Along with regulatory capture , this harmed competitiveness , market openness , and Egypt 's small and medium-size businesses .
Lenders to a repressive regime will no longer expect these debts to be repaid by its successors , immediately making lenders worldwide careful about lending to them .
Transferring liability for foreign debt to Mubarak should not have negative economic consequences for Egypt in the long run .
Extensive lobbying , directly and by proxy , is underway to persuade European regulators to allow long-term supply contracts in the EU -- despite their deadening effect on competition .
The undersea pipeline will cost three times as much as a new pipeline along existing land routes , undermines the energy security of Germany 's eastern neighbors , and threatens the Baltic Sea 's fragile ecosystem .
As long as Gazprom remains opaque , Europe can not know whether its key supplier is spending enough to develop future reserves .
No longer . Americans increasingly ask : `` Why bother ? '' and point to the efficacy of NATO .
An EU committed to its own defense , although not offering the same formal guarantees as NATO , offers candidate countries the prospect of belonging to a genuine security community .
Last year 's Northern Rock debacle in the United Kingdom will long remain an example of how not to manage such risk .
This structure could only have been devised to suck in as many customers as possible with scant regard for long-term consequences .
The current crisis suggests that this is no longer enough .
Clearly , Chinese factories can no longer offer dirt-cheap prices .
For Chinese manufacturers , a long-term trend of rising costs coupled with a short-term export slump were unprecedented challenges .
These adverse conditions have inadvertently propelled a long-delayed restructuring of China 's labor-intensive industries .
Along China 's dynamic coastal belt , local governments are drafting new economic blueprints to push their firms up the value-added chain .
As a result , officials in Jiangsu are no longer content with sewing clothing .
In decades to come , China can no longer sustain the cost advantages that defined its initial period of export success .
For governments , contracts are more likely to be durable if they are negotiated in a way that enables countries to receive fair and predictable long-term revenues .
On the other hand , poorly conceived and negotiated contracts not only prevent countries from enjoying the full long-term benefits of their natural resources , but also help to entrench poverty , corruption , and even conflict , particularly when governance systems are inadequate .
The United Nations and the World Bank predict that the direct and indirect effects of the economic meltdown will be felt in the developing world for a long time to come .
Having recognized its `` collective responsibility to mitigate the social impact of the crisis and minimize long-lasting damage to global potential , '' the group now needs to review how much support has reached or become accessible to developing countries .
Its members represent the vast majority of global greenhouse gas emissions ; agreement among them at Pittsburgh would go a long way towards ensuring that December 's international Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen does not end in hot air .
One year later , the UN and the Economic Community of West African States deployed soldiers as peacekeepers in neighboring Sierra Leone to guarantee a ceasefire in that country 's near-decade-long conflict , instigated by rebels of the Revolutionary United Front .
But Brazil 's financial markets are much more sensitive than trade to international disturbances , and monetary flows could decrease in the long term .
It is therefore essential that Brazil 's private and public sectors do their utmost to sustain long-term growth by making the economic environment more business-friendly .
Without a structural transformation , Brazil will not be able to maintain its growth for long .
Today -- sometimes across borders , sometimes within them -- once-unthinkable wealth exists alongside extreme poverty and all its social ills .
While we rejoice in our successes , however , we have long recognized that our future is tied to our neighbors ' challenges , whether they include military conflicts , as was true 20 years ago , or hunger and disease , as is the case today .
More recently , China , along with India , signed an ASEAN-proposed Treaty of Commerce and Amity , while the Japanese hesitated .
Ultimately , the historical wounds that have long divided China and Japan , and the more current diplomatic flashpoints that the global media inevitably trumpet , only tell part of the Sino-Japanese story .
After prolonged reflection on medical reports regarding Pinochet 's health , Judge Juan Guzmán found him mentally fit to stand trial on nine counts of kidnapping and one count of homicide .
Besides the general devastation that modern warfare brings , impoverished and angry Russian soldiers were wreaking havoc on civilians by stealing belongings left behind and raping women .
Arab authoritarian regimes , unlike others that have given way to democracy , are incapable of self-reform ; they have , however , mastered the tactics needed to prolong the life spans of their aging despotisms .
For long-term results , capture is almost always more effective than killing .
They also belong to several large tribes , guaranteeing wide tribal representation if a military council were to take power , as in Egypt .
As a result , many secular activists ended their week-long sit-in and withdrew from Tahrir Square .
But Egypt 's old-line Muslim Brotherhood , with all of its factions , tendencies , and offshoots , no longer appears to be the country 's dominant Islamist force , as Salafis challenge the Brotherhood 's traditional hegemony .
The Chinese consumer has been held back for too long , and now must be put front and center in China 's growth model .
They complain about year-long waits for eye operations and hip surgery -- a direct result of a Social Democratic reform of 1994 that abolished the right of patients to seek alternative care at public expense if they are not treated within three months by their regional council .
Although this stance cost the Social Democrats many votes , it was hardly enough to offset their main electoral advantage : the unseemly control over key public goods that the party has accumulated during its long incumbency . For example , the two dominant state-owned TV channels are under strict Social Democratic supervision , and the party also controls professorial appointments and academic research through politicization of funding agencies and university boards .
But although Russians dislike the powerful , and cherish underdogs and martyrs , a man in jail no longer looks strong .
The question is no longer whether Putin will really leave office when his term ends in 2008 , but whether he will be able to save himself that long .
Ukraine 's ` Orange Revolution ' will reach its climax on December 26 , when Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich and former Prime Minister Viktor Yushchenko will replay their run-off for the presidency . The massive fraud that was supposed to bring victory to Mr Yanukovich , and which incited hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians to take to the streets of Kyiv to defent their rights , no longer looks possible .
Solidarity suffered that frustration in Poland in 1980-81 , which prolonged communist rule for a decade .
Such an aggressive attitude benefits a country 's foreign policy only up to a point -- one that Putin passed long ago .
Yet , despite this spending shortfall , Putin seems obsessed with making pointless and provocative gestures , such as resuming long-range nuclear bomber flights off the American coast .
The NBU needs to announce that it no longer has an exchange-rate target and that it will stop intervening by ending its purchases of dollars on the currency market .
One problem is that , after a long period of fiscal prudence , Russia 's government has shown extraordinary ineptitude .
Then , on August 8 , Putin launched the second act of this Russian tragedy , his long-planned attack on Georgia .
Not surprisingly , foreign investors no longer favor Putin 's Russia .
Interest rates on Russia 's bonds have risen by 2-3 percentage points , and many Russian creditors no longer have access to international capital markets .
Too many big investors can no longer meet their margin calls , while borrowing costs have risen sharply .
How long Russia can afford such an expensive prime minister ?
The Kremlin continues its propaganda offensive against Georgia , and has vetoed prolonging the mandate for United Nations observers in Georgia and Abkhazia . A major Russian military maneuver , Caucasus 2009 , is underway .
Populism is no longer popular . ''
And they have been a recipe for policy paralysis in America 's long debate about raising the ceiling on its national debt .
However rare changes in reserve currencies have been historically , the current situation is no longer tenable ; but a switch could further destabilize the world economy .
The Black Sea region 's long-term stability and integration with the West is thus critically important to the long-term energy security strategy of EU and NATO members .
As opposed to a 100 - or 200-meter sprint , both organizations need to think more in terms of a much longer race , perhaps a marathon .
But the long-term peace and stability needed to advance economic and political reform in the region will also require either a change in Russian behavior or a reduction in Russian influence .
In reality , the West today no longer has a grand strategy toward the East .
To the south sits Saudi Arabia , with its long friendship with the United States and its inherent hostility toward Iran 's Islamic Republic .
Dramatic , rapid change could result in prolonged failure .
As a result , an estimated 500 megawatts of electricity , equal to 2 % of the country 's electricity needs , will be generated , along with more than 5,000 jobs .
Instead , political leaders must use these windfalls to invest in innovation , promote sustainable businesses , and encourage new patterns of decent , long-lasting employment .
Governments at the recent meeting in Doha of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species -LRB- CITES -RRB- voted for a trade ban on Iranian Kaisers , alongside tougher protection for a host of land-living creatures .
Despite strong scientific evidence showing sharp declines in the populations of all three , every proposal for tougher trade controls on these marine species -- along with more than 30 species of coral -- failed to secure the necessary two-thirds majority .
The country 's two biggest drug gangs , the Sinaloa and Tamaulipas organizations , were once rivals , but are now allied against their former partners -- the Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , Beltrán-Leyva , and Zetas organizations -- which appeared during Mexico 's long period of one-party rule by the Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- PRI -RRB- .
Indeed , corruption , including `` protection '' of traffickers , is distributed along the lines of party control in various regions .
Achieving the fourth , along with social and economic measures aimed at creating better jobs and improving people 's standard of living , would at least make it possible to weaken , contain , and control Mexico 's drug trafficking organizations , thereby strengthening civil order and governability .
Terrorism has existed as a political tool in the Middle East for a long time -- and it has been used not only against Israel or the United States .
Indeed , they deluded us for too long into thinking that the war against terrorism was a police matter -- that investigators and indictments were the way to fight fanatical terrorists , not a relentless , painstaking armed struggle .
Those delusions , at long last , ended brutally with the massacres in New York and Washington .
The new situation in Iraq , along with the Middle East road map , were at the center of attention .
The evening proceeded along the expected anodyne trajectory until a Lebanese academic raised the issue of the right of Palestinian refugees to return to Israel .
Repeating mantras about territorial integrity -- the conventional wisdom of international relations -- is productive only as long as it ensures stability and averts chaos .
If not , at the very least , the injustice suffered by the Kurdish people for generations would , at long last , be rectified .
On the Palestinian side , this is part of a deeper phenomenon : a longstanding failure to create the institutional structures necessary for nation building .
Indeed , the conflict would become , if one can use the expression , more `` normal '' -- no longer between an occupying power and an occupied people , but between two countries , two states , that disagree about a lot of issues , including borders , mutual relations , and control over populations .
Turkey now finds itself , through its alliance with Iran and support for Hamas , rushing headlong into a series of conflicts -- with Europe , the US , Israel , and moderate Arab regimes that have survived Iranian Shia fundamentalism but may now feel threatened by a neo-Ottoman Sunni foreign policy .
The issue , one should emphasize , is not Islam as such : in Europe , the Catholic Church was for a long time the greatest enemy of democracy and liberalism .
The recent escalation of violence along Gaza 's border with Israel does suggest that events are developing in a dangerous direction .
This would entail a number of immediate and longer-term steps .
Among the reasons for the dollar 's longtime dominance as the premier international currency are lower transactions costs in foreign exchange markets , the historical role of the dollar in world trade since 1945 , and the sheer size of America 's economy .
Delaying entry into EMU could make sense if a longer wait produced more information .
Some argue that ERM II membership should be viewed as a longer-term proposition - possibly lasting until 2010 - for the benefit of candidates themselves .
More important , long-lasting economic growth does not depend on the type of exchange rate - whether flexible or fixed -LRB- EMU -RRB- - while early accession will speed up crucial reforms .
In almost all candidates , further disinflation and long-term economic growth require fiscal consolidation , more flexible labor markets , and completion of privatization .
Alongside Hayek , his colleague at the University of Chicago , Friedman launched a more general intellectual assault on Keynesianism , arguing that any government permitted to regulate the economy in the name of equality posed a threat to individual liberty .
Anyone who disagreed with this diagnosis or criticized the PiS 's methods , particularly those used by its leader , Jaros?aw Kaczy?ski , was promptly classified as belonging to the uk?ad . No one was spared .
Second , beyond strengthening economic institutions , EU countries must accelerate structural reforms to boost their long-run growth prospects and facilitate their smooth adjustment to shocks .
ITER is often presented as the long-term solution to the problem of global warming , because nuclear fusion can provide an infinite and clean source of energy .
Alongside the debate about the European Union constitution , a debate about European values has also developed .
As the Union races ahead , it seems that it has lost Europe 's citizens along the way .
These shared values are the glue that binds governments together in the recognition that clinging to pure self-interest is no longer reasonable when common concerns call for a common strategy .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
We have come a long way since the six founding members formed the European Economic Community back in March 1957 - also in Rome .
Never before in our history have we enjoyed such a long period of concord , a period that has seen an enormous growth in prosperity .
The new lifestyle is no longer sustainable .
He preferred to concentrate on constitutional reforms that were largely interpreted as a bid to strip the new president , Stjepan Mesic -LRB- himself a longtime opponent of Tudjman -RRB- of the robust executive powers Tudjman wrote into the constitution for himself .
But the CCP long ago abandoned the workers .
So he taught them that all land belongs to the state .
The CCP no longer represents workers and peasants , but it can represent the `` majority of the people , '' including `` red '' capitalists .
In the late 1970 's , Chinese peasants had long since lost their rights to own their land , owing to collectivization and the establishment of the People 's Commune .
The Party 's unchallenged monopoly on political power systematically ensured that every mistake it made -- such as the dreadful decade of the Cultural Revolution -- turned into a prolonged nationwide crisis .
For genuine and long-term stability , Zhao proposed reforms that ultimately aimed at the legalization and systemization of democracy .
Without political reform , the long-run viability of such a system is in doubt . Premier Wen himself indicated as much in a speech in August that was widely noted abroad , but largely blacked out in Chinese media .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
A wave of military , government , and diplomatic defections , led by his long-time ally First Armored Brigade Commander General Ali Muhsin al-Ahmar , rocked his regime .
The disgruntled general , who has long-standing ties to the type of jihadists that the United States is battling in Yemen , merely sought to settle a score with the president 's family .
Al-Ahmar has long been considered either Saleh 's right hand man or the country 's hidden president .
So his decision to abandon Saleh stemmed less from his love of the constitution and democracy than from his desire to even the score with the president and his son Ahmad Saleh , with whom he has long clashed .
He is married to the sister of Tariq al-Fadhli , a Yemeni who fought alongside al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Ladin in Afghanistan .
TNC and CT members are largely unified in their desire to end Qaddafi 's 41-year rule and redistribute the country 's wealth to the country 's long-neglected eastern region .
Biodiversity is essential for reliable and stable long-term food production .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
Europeans are long-standing champions of the United Nations and international cooperation , and continually seek to ensure that stability , freedom , democracy , and justice prevail as cornerstones of international relations .
Prosperity and growth , security and stability , and the long-term sustainability of our societies require the promotion of our interests and values abroad , and engagement with external threats and global challenges .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
Europeans are long-standing champions of the UN and international cooperation , and continually seeks to ensure that stability , freedom , democracy , and justice prevail as cornerstones of international relations .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world . Prosperity and growth , security and stability and the long term sustainability of the EU necessarily pass through the promotion of our interests and values abroad and the engagement with external threats and global challenges .
He looked me up and down , sized me up , and then said , `` Since you are going for so long , I would suggest you keep two strips . ''
The optimal mix of firms contains a healthy dose of large enterprises , which have the financial and human resources to refine and mass-produce radical innovations , along with newer firms .
What is agreed is the need for randomized controlled trials of the long-term effects of repeated use of paracetamol in children .
Thus , in the US , corporate influence makes it difficult to obtain long-needed reforms that would eliminate barriers to takeovers and remove legal impediments to the ability of shareholders to replace company directors .
Thus , while the long-term shareholders in their firms were largely decimated , the executives ' performance-based compensation kept them in positive territory .
It is important for financial firms -- and firms in general -- to reform compensation structures to ensure tighter alignment between executive payoffs and long-term results .
Even if ratings were no longer required or encouraged by law , however , demand for ratings -- and the need to improve their reliability -- would remain .
It is now widely accepted that it is important to reward bankers for long-term results .
But tying executive payoffs to long-term results does not provide a complete answer to the challenge facing firms and regulators .
The question still remains : long-term results for whom ?
As Holger Spamann and I show in our research , executive payoffs should be tied to the long-term value delivered not only to shareholders , but also to other contributors to banks ' capital .
As long as banks are permitted to operate this way , the banks ' supervisors are betting on the banks ' ability to earn their way out of their current problems -- even if the value of their assets does n't now significantly exceed their liabilities .
Suppose that the bank has assets with long maturity and a face value of $ 1.2 billion but whose current economic value is only $ 1 billion .
To avoid rewards for short-term performance and focus on long-term results , pay structures need to be re-designed .
An executive 's inability to cash out shares and options for a substantial period would tie his or her payoff to long-term shareholder value .
Similarly , bonus compensation should be redesigned to reward long-term performance .
Furthermore , bonuses should not be paid immediately , but rather placed in a company account for several years and adjusted downward if the company subsequently learns that the reason for awarding a bonus no longer holds up .
To address this distortion , the payoffs of financial executives should be tied not to the long-term value of their firms ' common shares but to the long-term value of a broader basket of securities .
Those who organized this coup hoped that it would lead to greater things for themselves ; those who signed a petition of protest were fired not long after .
Of all China 's problems , none will be more critical over the long run than how it resolves the tension between economic development and environmental protection .
Plans call for dozens of dams to be placed along their serpentine courses through the mountains of Yunnan .
Indeed , in the long run , prices of almost all minerals have followed a downward trend .
The Georgia package is not a done deal , and circumstances elsewhere are different , but it shows that standard instruments can go a long way .
But heroic rescue efforts will not be able to help the government forever , so it is worth asking what can provide long-term political legitimacy .
Thus , left Confucians favor institutional reform , arguing that the long-term stability and legitimacy of political institutions requires that they be founded on Chinese traditions .
From that moment , the question for the Arabs was no longer how to destroy Israel , but how to reach an accomodation with it .
No longer an independent global power , yet unhappy with the London-Washington axis that Blair forged , Brown 's government continues to waffle in its commitment to a united Europe .
Conspicuously , it is no longer the British , but France 's government under President Nicolas Sarkozy , that is carrying the torch of a possible attack on Iran 's nuclear installations .
The Iraq adventure is not only the longest and most expensive war in America 's history -- the Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz has advanced a staggering estimate of $ 3 trillion -- but is also the least conclusive .
They survived in order to resolve what for too long has looked like an insoluble conundrum : legitimizing Jewish statehood in the eyes of those who consider themselves its victims .
Indeed , the regime has hinted that it may be willing to compromise on the issue -- the delineation of the 1967 border along a tiny piece of land on the Eastern shore of the Sea of Galilee -- that wrecked the negotiations eight years ago .
The US has been absent from Middle East peacemaking for too long .
Bush 's Road Map to Failure in the Middle East Six long years of failed Middle East policies have finally brought President George W. Bush to recognize that the alliance of moderates in the region that he covets can only be forged through an Arab-Israeli peace .
Today , at long last , everyone knows what is meant by `` land , '' and everyone knows what is meant by `` peace . ''
But , as a power burdened with too many domestic ills and a chronic sense of insecurity along its vast and dangerously depopulated borders , Russia can not be interested in a Cold War II , either .
In October 2007 , Vladimir Putin became the first Russian leader since Leonid Brezhnev to visit Iran , bringing along five leaders of the Caspian Sea states .
By exposing the inadequacy of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Iran , a signatory , has signaled to Israel that the regional order can no longer be based on Israel 's nuclear monopoly as a non-NPT member .
But it is highly unlikely that the Arabs will agree to such a system so long as Israel refuses to address her own nuclear capabilities .
In 1993 , Israel signed the international treaty banning chemical weapons , but did not ratify it because of the Arab states ' refusal to follow suit as long as Israel maintained its nuclear advantage .
The looming end of President Hosni Mubarak 's long rule in Egypt might lead to the emergence of a formidable bid by the Muslim Brotherhood for power in Cairo , possibly forcing Mubarak 's successor either to reach a modus vivendi or to wage a fight to the death .
Meanwhile , he inherits an America that is no longer an undisputed hegemony , and that , together with its allies , is immersed in the most severe economic crisis since 1929 .
The challenge of his foreign policy is not to change the Middle East -- this is the long-term task of the region 's peoples -- but to redress America 's damaged reputation in the Muslim world .
A fundamentally religious movement for whom the future belongs to Islam , Hamas sees itself as being engaged in a long-term armed struggle for the liberation of all of Palestine .
However justified Israel 's action might be , and however critical of Hamas 's repressive regime the international community might be , it will not take long before the wide media coverage of civilian casualties will put Israel , not Hamas , in the dock of world opinion .
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
For Israel , the long overdue message is that its future in the Middle East does not lie in strategic alliances with the region 's non-Arab powers , but in reconciling itself with the Arab world .
Turkey 's powerful military establishment may want to maintain close relations with Israel , but the widely popular change in Turkey 's foreign policy priorities , and the serious identity dilemmas facing the nation , send an unequivocal message that the alliance can no longer serve as an alternative to peace with the Arab world .
The CPA ended Africa 's longest civil war , which had left behind over two million dead .
Nor should the international neglect that has for too long allowed the Darfur genocide to go unpunished recur when it comes to sustaining the quest for peace in Sudan .
He has waived America 's long-standing demand that Iran stop uranium enrichment as a precondition for negotiations , and he has sworn off any idea of regime change .
When geo-strategic military front lines are non-existent , as in Kosovo , Afghanistan , and Iraq , mass no longer equals victory .
The facile Clausewitzian wisdom that military action ultimately leads to a political solution is no longer convincing .
But the objectives of the use of force need to be linked to the recognition that in today 's asymmetric conflicts , victory is no longer achieved on the battlefield .
What is remarkable is that it has lasted so long . ''
The onslaught on Israel was indirectly encouraged by the now widespread perception that , with Obama in the White House , America 's unwavering support for the Jewish state can no longer be taken for granted .
A show of devastating force , with limited Israeli casualties at the price of an unlimited number of Palestinian civilian casualties , is no longer internationally sustainable .
Regular armies are no longer the exclusive threat to countries ' security .
Al Qaeda , for example , has now become a franchised global concern whose capabilities no longer depend on its Afghan base .
Afghanistan , along with Pakistan and Iran , is part of a vital western security zone for China .
A settlement over Kashmir is the key to stability in Afghanistan , which would then no longer be a strategic playground for India and Pakistan .
Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah , for the first time explicitly warned the Israelis that a new round of conflict would no longer be confined to an Israeli-Lebanese showdown , but would involve the entire regional `` axis of confrontation '' -- Syria , Iran , Hezbollah , and Hamas .
This has been learned the hard way by Algerian President Bouteflika who , through his Charter for Peace and National Reconciliation of February 2006 , brought an end to a long and bloody civil war , the origins of which lay in the violent cancellation by the military of the Islamist Front 's -LRB- FIS -RRB- electoral victory in 1991 .
SANTO DOMINGO -- The $ 5 billion in short-term aid for Haiti , and the $ 10 billion pledged for its long-term reconstruction at the International Donors ' Conference on March 31 , is a vote of confidence in the potential of collective international action .
The question , however , is not only one of money ; it is about whether Haiti 's agony is to be addressed as just one more humanitarian crisis or as a structural problem of state building -- a long-term quest for institutional stability and sustainable development .
In addition to harmonizing the flow of donations and an agreed-upon list of development projects , Dominican President Leonel Fernandez seeks to make clear that the task is a long-term enterprise : re-founding the failing Haitian state .
So long as the Haitian state remains fragile and the Haitian economy continues to decompose , the network of mafias living on illegal immigration into the Dominican Republic will continue to flourish .
But Clinton should be reminded that every free industrial zone that was built along the Israeli-Palestinian border eventually fell victim to political instability .
But maximal security -- for example , an insufferably long timetable for withdrawal , unreasonable territorial demands wrapped up as security needs , an Israeli presence in the Jordan valley , and full control of Palestinian airspace and the electromagnetic spectrum -- would inevitably clash with Palestinians ' view of what sovereignty entails .
Such was the existentialist worldview of US President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Theodore Roosevelt , a major advocate of American expansionism : `` A just war is , in the long run , far better for a man 's soul than the most prosperous peace . '' A century later , another American president , Barack Obama , immersed in two hopeless wars in the Middle East , received his Nobel Peace Prize with an apology for `` just wars . ''
Vital issues are at stake : the scramble for oil ; China 's robust presence in Sudan ; the West 's desire to see a mostly Christian state break the contiguity of Muslim regimes -- and the consequent threat of Islamic radicalism -- in the region ; the regional distribution of the Nile 's waters ; and the possibility that independence for the South might lead to Sudan 's total dismemberment along ethnic and religious lines .
After failing to moderate Bashir into accepting a secular decentralized or confederate Sudan , Egypt , a key Arab player concerned about the stability of its southern border , has come to accept the inevitability of secession -- so long as the new state lines up with it on the issue of the Nile 's waters .
He expects that a unilateral yet internationally recognized declaration of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders would put unbearable pressure on an Israel haunted by the specter of worldwide de-legitimization .
Indeed , by unilaterally declaring a Palestinian state along the 1967 ceasefire line , Abbas would be putting into practice Israel 's vision of `` two states for two peoples . ''
It has long disavowed its violent past and has shown an interest in peaceful political participation .
In an era of ballistic missiles and other weapons of mass destruction , and in which the planned Palestinian state is supposed to be demilitarized , why is it so vital for Israel to see its army `` sit along the Jordan River '' ?
Politically and economically exhausted , and attentive to electorates clamoring for a shift of priorities to urgent domestic concerns , Europe and America are no longer very capable of imposing their values and interests through costly military interventions in faraway lands .
Indeed , at a time of painful budget cuts -- the US is facing a $ 52 trillion shortfall on public pensions and health care in the coming decades -- the US can no longer be expected to maintain its current level of global military engagement .
As Gates put it in his West Point address , the US Army would no longer be `` a Victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas , build schools , or sip tea . ''
Indeed , Netanyahu 's call for peace will remain hollow so long as he continues to view the solution to Israel 's legitimate security concerns as requiring continuous occupation of sizable portions of the future Palestinian state .
Security concerns can no longer be treated as a license for territorial expansion .
Abbas 's refusal to recognize Israel as a Jewish state -- on the ground that to do so would betray Israel 's 1.5 million Palestinian citizens -- vindicated a key Israeli concern , and fueled skeptics ' fears of a hidden long-term Palestinian agenda to do away with the Jewish state altogether .
And would-be mediators , for their part , can no longer just be `` facilitators '' ; they need to regard themselves as stakeholders -- and be prepared to exert pressure and twist arms .
In the current political climate , Arab leaders , whether conservative or revolutionary , can no longer afford to be seen as complicit with Israel and the United States in the region .
The Somalia-like chaos and civil war that is now unfolding in Gaza as a result of this decades-old stalemate can be blamed partly on ill-conceived Israeli policies , and partly on an American administration that , for six long years , relegated the cause of Israeli-Palestinian peace to the bottom of its agenda .
For the building blocks of a renewed peace process to be sustainable , an international force must be deployed along Gaza 's border with Egypt to prevent the constant smuggling of weapons and isolate the conflict .
As long as Hamas and Syria are left out of the United States-led peace process , they are condemned to Iran 's orbit .
For these `` moderate '' American allies , peace is about Israeli concessions , not about pulling Israel 's chestnuts out of the fire , certainly as long as it refuses to endorse the Arab peace plan .
-LRB- Of course , paradoxes appear every now and then , such as when globalization is advocated alongside demands for stronger censorship . -RRB-
Conversely , there are certain long-term crises , such as those provoked by terrorism , for which NATO is better placed to act .
Many Laws , Little Justice in China The image on the computer screen is shocking : a man , lying on a hospital bed , his head bandaged , with long trickles of blood running from the top of his scalp .
Last week , China finally enshrined private property by passing the long-awaited property rights law , in what the government called `` significant progress in promoting rule of law in the country . ''
On the institutional level , pluralism means that established religions can no longer take for granted that a particular population will supinely submit to its authority .
The Roman Catholic Church , after a long period of fierce resistance , also has adapted successfully to pluralist competition , legitimating it theologically in the declarations on religious liberty that began with the Second Vatican Council .
Such effect-based jurisdiction has a long tradition in both American and EU extraterritorial application of their respective anti-trust laws .
Financial integration has been an important force for long-term growth in the transition region , and the presence of strategic foreign banks helped mitigate the impact of the crisis .
A long agenda of institutional reform remains , particularly in Central Asia and some East European and Western Balkans countries .
Moreover , the region had relied excessively on foreign savings to support growth , with many countries running large long-term current-account deficits .
Some countries , like Hungary , have managed to sustain the quality of education , critical for long-term competitiveness .
Along with institutional reforms at the European level -- particularly the creation of the European Systemic Risk Board and the European Banking Authority -- regulation and supervision have been reinforced in subsidiaries ' host countries .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
Instead , they saw themselves as following Europe 's long established pattern of step-by-step integration .
Indeed , the only thing that seemed clear from the start of the European integration process was that the states involved - along with whatever new partner states they might pick up along the way - would continue wheeling and dealing to construct their ever more integrated polity .
This process will probably carry the cost of prolonging the emergence of a single European political loyalty -LRB- if one ever does emerge -RRB- .
If Nato says `` Yes '' to the Baltics , it must make both Moscow and the Baltic three understand that enlargement is meant to increase stability along Russia 's western border , not threaten Russia .
President Bush has made this his top priority ; for as long as he is in the White House , he will not waver in this pursuit and neither will his people .
Yet this policy demands a commitment for the long haul .
They deserve a better hearing now that retaining the solidarity of their citizens has become an essential condition for European governments to maintain solidarity with America for the long struggle against international terrorism that lies ahead .
In the long blockade against Napoleonic France , captains in Britain 's Royal Navy would on the eve of battle drink the following toast : `` Confusion to the French ! ''
But it will now take much longer unless today 's confusion is replaced by clarity .
The attitudes of the EU 's big and small countries suggests that European integration 's basic bargain is no longer regarded as fair .
Many , if not most , of the members no longer recognize NATO as central to their national interest .
As one high official puts it , the organization is like the old and bruised car one keeps for as long as it functions but will dump when repairs get too costly .
To be sure , the US administration has now asked all of NATO for help , in marked contrast to its haughty claim only two years ago that NATO as such no longer mattered ; not membership in the alliance , but a particular military mission , would henceforth define the coalition .
That they no longer do so is deeply disturbing .
True , their security from military attack is currently no longer at stake .
If Bush and Schroeder are now showing the world how well they get along together , it is not because they are off to a new start , but because it suits their tactical interests .
At long last , Angela Merkel is Germany 's new -- and first woman -- Chancellor .
The lesson that Schroeder drew was to insist that Germany could no longer be taken for granted and would demand a role commensurate to its size and weight . Self-assertion became the watchword of German foreign policy .
When he established a close personal and political relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin , he signaled to the world -- and to the EU 's sensitive new Eastern European members -- that Germany 's foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past .
But that can no longer be an argument against diplomacy now that Israeli unilateralism has once again proven to be a strategic blind alley .
Weak America = Weakened Europe America 's power has been so overwhelming for so long that many think it has survived George W. Bush 's presidency unscathed .
In today 's interdependent world , however , it is no longer the number of nuclear warheads that bestows influence , but a country 's ability to get others to go along with policies that it regards as serving its major interests .
That arrangement no longer works .
In the long period of American weakness , European leaders will have to demonstrate statesmanship for the West as a whole .
There was skepticism about this long-standing wisdom when it was argued that , if Japan was closed and the US was open , Japanese firms would have two markets and American firms would have one .
So noted offshoring worriers like the economist Alan Blinder have now shifted to arguing merely that increased tradability of services means that we should extend long-standing Adjustment Assistance Programs for trade-distressed activities to include services .
NEW YORK -- Economists long ago put to rest the error that Adam Smith made when he argued that manufacturing should be given primacy in a country 's economy .
This proposal gained its legs from long-standing worries about the H1 -LRB- b -RRB- and L-1 programs on the part of Republican Senator Chuck Grassley and Democratic Senator Richard Durbin , and had recently attracted the sponsorship of the influential Democratic Senator Charles Schumer of New York .
Schumer had long agitated against `` outsourcing '' as inimical to American economic interests , even allying himself with the supply-side economist Paul Craig Roberts .
The longstanding stagnation in wages for unskilled labor was attributed to low-cost , labor-intensive imports , ignoring the corollary that Western workers ' consumption of labor-intensive Asian goods offset the effect on real wages .
But as long as these economies churn out new desires , outsourcing represents an opportunity for prosperity on both sides .
Simply put , the long-term prosperity of developed economies depends on their capacity to create and satisfy new consumer desires .
We can no longer afford to rely on old-fashioned examination for mega-banks loaded with mass-produced risks .
Polish foreign policy , like that of the EU , can only be effective in the long term if it takes realistic steps -- and spends the necessary money -- to realize these objectives .
In fact , some transfers flow the other way . For example , many pension systems transfer money from the poor to the middle class , simply because richer people usually live longer .
The agreement could become a model for similar agreements with other countries belonging to the EU 's Eastern Partnership .
Such an acknowledgement could be seen as formal recognition of the fact that membership of the EU remains a long-term option for Ukraine .
In fact , it is only the latest in a long line of nuclear accidents involving meltdowns , explosions , fires , and loss of coolant -- accidents that have occurred during both normal operation and emergency conditions , such as droughts and earthquakes .
In the longer term , we also need technologies such as carbon capture and storage -LRB- CCS -RRB- , expanded nuclear power , and new generations of solar energy , together with the development of technologies whose potential or even existence is still unknown .
MEF leaders can therefore have confidence in adopting the interim and long-term targets recommended by the scientific community : keeping warming to below two degrees Celsius ; peaking emissions within the next decade ; and at least halving global emissions by 2050 versus 1990 .
For example , Sierra Leone , with its small population , excellent Muslim-Christian relations , and uphill struggle to improve its health-care system after the depredations of civil war , has a longstanding relationship with the United Kingdom .
But they need not search too far for culprits ; indeed , they need only look in the mirror and confront the consequences of the dishonest game that the leaders of EU member states have played for too long .
To be sure , the recovery was not expected to be smooth : historically , cleaning up after a financial crisis of this magnitude takes a long time , especially given high debt burdens , extended joblessness , and damaged banking systems .
We expect global growth to be around 4.5 % in 2011 and 2012 , although the two-track recovery will continue , with advanced economies chugging along at around 2.5 % annual GDP growth , while emerging-market and developing economies motor ahead at an impressive 6.5 % rate .
But the two largest advanced economies -- the US and Japan -- have not yet started along this path .
But the world has changed , and the left 's old view simply no longer applies .
The old rhetoric , after all , still resonates powerfully with the most destitute parts of the electorate : minimum wage workers , the long-term unemployed , and all those who feel that anything would be better than what they have now .
The risk premium is falling , pushing stock prices higher and lowering yields on long-term bonds .
This would require Europe 's governments to increase their deficits in the short run , while improving the long run outlook through serious pension reform .
The depreciation is the price America must pay for past sins -- i.e. , a huge current account deficit that foreign investors are no longer willing to finance , at least not at the size of 4 % or more of US GDP .
In Europe , monetary caution , self-imposed fiscal constraints , and the Euro 's appreciation all lead to clear dangers : deflation and a prolonged slump .
And she has an astonishing talent for simplifying complicated issues accurately , which she likely learned -- along with how to interpret and manipulate the political connotations of every issue -- from her father , former President Park Chung-hee .
An astute politician , Park did not hesitate to campaign wholeheartedly for Lee the last time around -- a move that , as part of long-term political strategy , made perfect sense .
Others take a flagrantly sexist stance , arguing that a woman president would be a non-starter as long as the North Korean regime continues to threaten national security .
Park 's success will depend , in the end , on the effectiveness of her campaign in further defining her character along those lines .
Some economies may sustain collateral damage from both sides of the war , because , in addition to the pressure coming from excess dollar liquidity , they may be confronted with tougher competition -LRB- domestically and in third markets -RRB- from China , so long as the renminbi remains quasi-pegged to the dollar .
Second , although countries have laid the groundwork for sustainable growth in a number of areas , the reform agenda remains vast , and most countries are not yet able to avoid the boom-and-bust cycles that have long plagued them .
Rapidly expanding demand for skilled workers can not be satisfied as long as average schooling still totals eight years .
Latin America has come a long way .
The Nobel laureate Robert Fogel argues that a new synergism between technological and physiological improvements has produced a radically new form of human evolution , which he calls technophysio evolution . Only this , Fogel believes , can explain recent trends in longevity , body size , the durability of vital organs , and chronic diseases .
Not so long ago , issues such as the environment , the balance of work versus leisure in daily life , and the role of marriage , abortion , and other family concerns were secondary political disputes , as politicians fought over who would receive what share of a nation 's wealth .
So long as these ideas clash , violence will lurk .
To defend post-utopian values in the longer-term , politicians -LRB- and generals and spymasters -RRB- can not seek security by drastically curtailing fundamental freedoms , because to do so risks forfeiting public support and a weakening of the pillars of the post-utopian market order .
The reason is that structural reforms tend to pay off in the long term , but cost money in the short term .
But the SGP 's current rules discourage this kind of reform by prohibiting temporary increases in the budget deficit - even if they promise long-term fiscal consolidation .
Economic ministers suggested that pension reform and long-term fiscal sustainability should also guide country evaluations under the SGP , while some countries insisted that it should be linked to the Lisbon agenda .
Currently , there are no long-term prospects after the expiration of a temporary contract .
Governments could promote entry into the permanent labor market in stages by introducing graded employment protection and so avoiding the formation of a long-term dual market .
On March 24 , 2010 , what all observers of European affairs have long known will be written in stone : the EU failed to attain the targets for economic growth , efficiency , and modernization set ten years ago in Lisbon .
The only justification for such a long list is that every government could claim to have attained at least one target -- a trophy to exhibit at home .
People who claim to be happy tend to live longer , commit suicide and abuse drugs and alcohol less often , get promoted more frequently by their employers , and enjoy more good friends and lasting marriages .
For football lovers , FIFA -LRB- the governing body of international football -RRB- should have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize long ago .
For others , exasperated by football and the emotions it stirs up , the sport is no longer a game , but a type of war that stokes the basest sort of nationalist emotions .
Moreover , football , more than long speeches or international resolutions , can help induce progress towards peaceful solutions for military conflicts .
The Israel-Palestine conflict has lasted far too long .
But nurturing the will to achieve long-lasting peace depends on more than political negotiations .
But the Iraq war 's domestic impact -- the Pentagon 's ever mushrooming budget and its long-term influence on the US economy -- may turn out to be its most lasting consequence .
Of course , it is impossible at this early stage to evaluate with any degree of precision the long-term strategic repercussions of Sarkozy 's apparent decision to return France to NATO 's integrated military command and strengthen the French military commitment to NATO 's out-of-theater engagement -- its first ever -- in Afghanistan .
But it does mean that France will no longer oppose America just for the sake of opposing America .
Can our money be wasted for much longer on fumigating Colombian valleys or arresting non-violent drug offenders ?
So long as the UN anti-drug mandates remain in place , legalization of treatments , cures , and drugs that today are illicit -- and recall that it was the end of prohibition alone that ended the reign of gangsters like Al Capone in the 1920s -- will remain impossible .
Today 's UN , which entrusts the protection of fundamental human rights to countries that are themselves among the prime violators of these rights , is no longer acceptable .
But , as the UN declaration -- and the long debate surrounding its adoption -- illustrate , scientific arguments are not at the center of national and international debates , which revolve around questions concerning the beginning of `` human life . ''
In addition , the itineraries used by the export convoys are no longer limited to the infamous `` golden route '' through Pakistan and Iran , but have multiplied , employing exit points in former Soviet Republics such as Tajikistan , Uzbekistan , and Turkmenistan .
It must be used to move Europe farther along the road of integration , lest the Union begin to reverse course .
Inter-American issues can no longer be left subject to the whims and convenience of individual leaders .
Although income inequality has not varied substantially in Chávez 's time , Venezuela is one of the six countries in Latin America , along with Chile , Uruguay , Mexico , Costa Rica , and Argentina , with the greatest availability and widest distribution of basic services such as education and housing .
Whether this investment is sustainable in the long term , and how it might affect macroeconomic performance , should be analyzed technically rather than ideologically .
The Euro at Ten PALO ALTO -- The beginning of 2009 will long be remembered for terrible economic news and controversial economic policy in virtually every country .
Many proponents of the euro claimed that it would quickly evolve as an alternative reserve currency alongside the dollar , or even replace it , in global markets .
STANFORD -- The optimism that emerged in the early stages of the recovery from the financial crisis and recession has given way to more sobering assessments of the short - , medium - , and long-run challenges facing the global economy and its constituent national parts .
It would be useful to know the answer to this question before trying repeatedly to pump up the economy in the short run with costly policies that might worsen longer-run prospects .
The downturn was so severe , and lasted so long , that some even used the term `` depression , '' before settling on `` Great Recession . ''
The economy falls to the bottom of a well , and then , as soon as it begins to climb itself out , the recession is declared `` over , '' even though it may be a long climb back to the top .
Little wonder , then , that ordinary citizens consider a recession over only when the economy has returned to `` normal , '' which means that incomes are rising and jobs are no longer desperately scarce .
America had a brief , sharp recession in 1980 , followed by a long and severe one in 1981\/1982 .
If we focus on real GDP and define a double dip as a historical sequence in which a period long enough to be declared a recession is followed by a period of recovery , and then quickly followed by a second outright recession , the 1980-1982 period in the US is a classic example .
Within the current recession , we have already had a double dip ; a dip at the beginning of 2008 , then some growth , then another long , deep dip , then renewed growth .
Japan , for example , had three recessions in its `` lost decade , '' starting in the 1990 's , despite a long string of large Keynesian stimulus programs that left it with the worst public-debt burden among advanced economies .
PALO ALTO -- The United States and Europe are two giant free-trade areas , each wealthy but with serious short-run problems and immense long-run challenges .
American states and municipalities do face serious medium - and long-term fiscal challenges from underfunded pension and health-care systems , but citizens living in different states have a common national budget , whereas citizens of different eurozone countries face radically different central-government fiscal positions .
STANFORD -- California has long been a harbinger of national and global trends -LRB- both wonderful and overindulgent -RRB- , a birthplace of innovation in everything from technology and entertainment to lifestyles .
It winds up borrowing `` temporarily '' with short-term debt ; then , as borrowing accumulates , it is refinanced with longer-term securities .
Spending is temporarily reduced and taxes raised , but the long-run structural deficit remains , a pattern now repeated in many state capitals and the primary reason for the current political turmoil over budgets and public sector unions .
And it can turn some of its short-term problems , such as the pressures arising from ethnic and linguistic diversity -LRB- the state is now 37 % Hispanic and 13 % Asian -RRB- into long-term strengths in the global economy .
As for fiscal measures , the empirical evidence suggests that three-quarters of consumption is based on longer-term economic prospects , not short-run disposable income .
It is likely to yield little cushion for employment and income per dollar spent , while servicing the large debt accumulation will impede long-run growth , either by forcing substantial future tax increases or spending cuts , or by forcing central banks to inflate .
The economists Ken Rogoff and Carmen Reinhart have argued that the major financial crises of the last century typically lasted a half-decade or longer .
Grading Obamanomics PALO ALTO -- It is still too soon to gauge the full economic impact of President Barack Obama 's implemented and proposed policies , but a preliminary read indicates limited short-term benefit at large long-term cost .
Obama 's long-run budget calls for much higher spending , higher taxes , and an explosion of debt that will crowd out borrowing in capital markets by private companies , state and local governments , and developing countries .
Banks and other financial firms borrow short -- increasingly in recent years from the commercial securities market , not deposits -- and lend long at higher interest rates , taking on both credit risk -LRB- of default -RRB- and interest-rate risk .
Can banks generate enough profits for long enough to buy time to write down smaller losses and raise private capital later in a stronger economy ?
Since every dollar , euro , yen , rupee , or yuan borrowed today requires the same present value in future interest payments -- and therefore future taxes -- there are important long-term costs to balance against whatever benefits the deficits create today ; there is no fiscal free lunch .
They pledge allegiance to long-term fiscal responsibility , yet propose budgets with large deficits for years to come and big hikes in the debt-GDP ratio .
It is appropriate to finance -LRB- some -RRB- long-lived public-capital investment by government borrowing , since the benefits will accrue for many years , and future taxpayers might equitably bear part of the burden .
The new round of industrial policy is occurring in advanced economies such as the United States and the United Kingdom , which long resisted its worst excesses , France , which long promoted national `` champions '' , and emerging economies such as Brazil and China .
But no policy makes sense if it can not be sustained without long-term government support .
California is an example of long-run fiscal folly meeting short-run national and global economic crisis , resulting in chaos .
The fundamental lessons of the Greek debt fiasco are not new : 1 -RRB- elected officials systematically ignore long-run costs to achieve short-run benefits ; 2 -RRB- they wait to act until they are forced ; 3 -RRB- government policies can not circumvent the laws of economics ; 4 -RRB- governments can not revoke the laws of arithmetic ; and 5 -RRB- budget policy is not merely accounting .
Sensible rules promise big payoffs , given the current and long-term global crisis in public finances .
There are sometimes specific references to the Dutch practice that allows doctors to end their patients ' lives if they explicitly ask for it , as long as certain preconditions of due practice are met .
Asians want to assume greater responsibility in the world , and it is in Europe 's interest that they do , as long as they , too , respect the rules of fair play .
As long as moderates keep their heads , a new Netherlands may be born out of the terrible events of the past weeks .
Non-committal multiculturalism has long kept the conservatism of Dutch Moroccans and Dutch Turks hidden from the public eye .
Among immigrants , soul-searching is closely related to belonging and commitment , which in practice boils down to feeling part of society and feeling responsible for the city , neighborhood , and street where you live .
As a result , many people no longer understand themselves , which makes it hard for them to understand others .
It is no longer about message or content - it is just one more form of entertainment , and what matters is who wins and who loses .
Finally , why should tissue donors be entitled to compensation , as they or their progeny may benefit in the long run from the technological advances to which they contribute ?
In fact , patients ' contributions to that enterprise are no longer minimal , as they supply university and industry with crucial compilations of tissue and associated medical data .
But , in the longer term , those limits on federal power will push Iraq toward a sectarian scramble for power and revenue .
Indeed , with Shiite-Sunni violence already intensifying , the Iraqi government may not be able to maintain even the appearance of effectiveness for very long .
He and Premier Wen Jiabao have also championed a more `` harmonious '' society , because they understand that the growing wealth gap , social tensions , environmental and public health problems , and the Party 's tenuous relationship with China 's less advantaged people can no longer be neglected .
This trend will spell trouble for longer-term global economic growth .
Chinese leaders would like to shift China 's growth model toward greater reliance on domestic consumption , but that is a long-term project .
To be sure , an eventual US recovery is inevitable , but job growth usually takes longer to recover .
As long as voters are worried about their wallets , Democrats and Republicans will compete to defend American workers .
The deal did not last long .
But it does offer the United States some longer-term benefits in the regional battle with Iran for influence .
But it also indicates recognition that Iran 's effort to extend its regional influence poses the single biggest challenge to the Middle East 's long-term stability .
But for how long ?
Having returned to the bargaining table in a position of strength , North Korea now hopes to secure a compromise that frees up the leadership 's assets and brings new benefits that help buttress the regime a little longer .
As long as the Chinese talk tough and the US remains willing to negotiate , the agreement may hold .
Some in Washington charge that he has done too little to roust al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters from safe havens along the country 's border with Afghanistan .
But if Musharraf were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection .
Musharraf 's presidency wo n't survive long without military backing .
A full-scale invasion might well provoke Iraq 's own Kurdish guerrillas into a prolonged and bloody battle with Turkish forces that can only undermine support for Erdogan 's government at home and abroad .
Along with Luxembourg , they were an important factor in creating EMU .
But Senegal 's highest court later ruled that Habré could not be tried for crimes allegedly committed in Chad because Senegal did not have a long-arm law like Belgium 's .
The Habré case poses no such problems , because Habré is no longer in office and because Chad , where the crimes were committed , and Senegal , where Habré resides , are both ready to see him tried in Belgium .
Rather , the case shows that long-arm laws like Belgium 's , properly applied , can be an important tool to curtail the impunity of the perpetrators of atrocities as well as provide a forum for their victims .
By his recent actions , President Viktor Yushchenko of Ukraine now looks like he has joined the long list of rulers who have sacrificed their country 's future simply to prolong their misrule .
Instead of closing doors , such a redefinition of the statehood bid at the UN would provide the Palestinian leadership with a much-needed symbolic success , including a framework from which to restart negotiations -- a longstanding Palestinian demand .
There is every reason to take these events seriously , because EID 's appear to have a long evolutionary history .
For humans , HIV , Ebola , West Nile virus , and Avian flu are only the latest in a long line of EID 's .
Welcome to the new Middle East , characterized no longer by the Arab-Israeli conflict , but by an Arab nationalist-Islamist conflict .
With alternatives to the status quo constrained , it has become clear that Israel is in a long transitional period in which old ideas do n't work and a new approach is needed .
Thus , regardless of who becomes prime minister , the next government will not commit to real concessions to the Palestinians in exchange for a two-state solution unless the result will be an end to the conflict and a long , stable peace .
As a result , any real changes affecting the status of Jerusalem , the Golan Heights or West Bank settlements are a long way off .
As a result of this national consensus -- accepted by Labor , Likud , and Kadima , along with many others -- the next government will most likely be a national unity government consisting of this trio . Its policy guidelines are already clear :
· To preserve the best possible relations with the United States , Europe , and other countries , as long as this does not involve risks to Israel 's national interests or its citizens ;
We urge other world leaders to join us in forging a shared , long-term vision for cooperative action that is realized at next year 's conference in Copenhagen .
America has become the `` default power '' , because China , the most likely challenger , is , by its own admission , a long way from economic or military parity with the US .
Writers , journalists , and artists could no longer stand the heavy-handed censorship and supervision .
I know that we have come a long way , and I do not want to go back .
Russians saw John Paul 's Polish nationality as linking him to a long history of perceived oppression of Russian Orthodoxy .
To ensure that its economy 's performance is no longer dictated by the availability of foreign aid , Pakistan must undertake some fundamental restructuring .
The Wikileaks publication of raw US intelligence reports from Afghanistan confirmed what had long been suspected .
But , over the long run , British behavior is likely to contribute to the worsening of Indian-Pakistani relations .
Thus , in a long interview with the BBC before launching his new party , Musharraf suggested that Pakistan 's army was the only institution that could save the country from its current woes . `` There is a sense of despondency in Pakistan , and the place that the people go to is the military , '' he said .
How they are managed in the year ahead will determine not only Pakistan 's immediate future and long-term prospects , but also the security of its region and , indeed , much of the world .
It is no longer aimed at official support of United States-led anti-terrorism activities .
He said he had the same aspiration , but that it would need effort from both sides to move things along . `` I have invited Manmohan a half-dozen times to visit Pakistan .
He and Singh also found time during the game to talk about bilateral relations , and agreed to launch what came to be called the `` composite dialogue , '' covering eight contentious issues that had soured ties for so long .
The death of Al Qaeda 's leader deep in Pakistan , in a city with a heavy military presence , appears to confirm what many have long alleged : Pakistan , not Afghanistan , has become the epicenter of international terrorism .
Hlavsa and his long-haired fans , celebrated in Tom Stoppard 's brilliant play , Rock n'Roll , did n't want the state to spoil their party .
China no longer needed the Stones , either .
Then there is the long tradition of the court jester with license to criticize the despot by sweetening his barbs with jokes .
Does the future belong , then , to the clowns , the anarchic blogosphere , the anti-politicians , and the populist showmen who entertain the masses with jokes , slurs , and indiscretions on TV channels , which some of them actually own ?
But the idea of universal charity is too abstract , and smacks of the kind of unwelcome interference that Western imperialists -- and the Christian missionaries who followed them -- practiced in the East for too long .
Amartya Sen , the Nobel Prize-winning economist , has pointed out that great Indian rulers , such as Ashoka -LRB- third century BC -RRB- and Akbar -LRB- sixteenth century -RRB- , advocated pluralism , tolerance , and reason long before the European Enlightenment .
Koestler himself , a proud and loyal British citizen , remained a lifelong Hungarian soccer nationalist .
The kind of exalted patriotism , especially when combined with warrior pride , that is still entirely normal in the United States , was for a long time associated with mass slaughter .
The multi-ethnic nature of the 1998 champion was widely touted as a mark , not of a long and often bloody colonial past , but of national superiority born from the tolerance of the French Enlightenment and the fraternity of the French Revolution .
Clubs , too , often used to command tribal loyalty along ethnic or religious lines , depending on their location in large industrial cities : Irish clubs versus Jewish clubs in London , for example , or Protestants versus Catholics in Glasgow .
But at the very least national identities in Europe are no longer quite so colored by memories of war .
The problem now is that interests are no longer the same , or even held in common .
When common interests no longer prevail , language and culture begin to matter more .
The first option may not be feasible for very much longer in the twilight days of Pax America .
The biggest resentment among right-wing voters in European countries is reserved for political elites , who , in the opinion of many , have been governing for too long in cozy coalitions , which appear to exist chiefly to protect vested interests .
If people are anxious about their national identities , the sovereignty of their governments , the demographic and social complexion of their societies , such fears are best voiced in the political arena . As long as people express their concerns , however distasteful to liberal ears , by votes , not violence , democracy will not be seriously harmed .
Europeans have long been hospitable to black American stars .
Republican populists have long tried to depict their Democratic opponents , often with great success , as `` un-American '' elitists , intellectuals , and the kind of guys who speak French -- in short , `` Europeans . ''
Others expressed the same disillusion with a gloating air of schadenfreude . At last , that big , arrogant , fatally seductive nation , which left the Old World in its shade for so long , had been brought to its knees .
As long as this is so , the US , as primus inter pares , can still be looked up to as the defender of our freedoms .
They believed that so long as everyone abided by the law , it was not necessary for citizens to have a single hierarchy of values .
As long as people felt that they were getting richer , demands for more freedom of speech , better protection of human rights , and the right to vote could be postponed .
But if this arrangement collapses , and increasing material prosperity can no longer be taken for granted , many things could happen -- few of them pleasant .
Japan is no longer such a closed society , yet even people with a short history of democracy are prone to believe that they are victims of unseen forces .
On questions of Roman Catholic doctrine , his views were considered so out of line with the modern Church that the Vatican excommunicated him in 1988 , along with other members of the ultra-conservative Society of St. Pius X , founded by the fascist sympathizer Marcel Lefebvre .
This argument has a long history .
Outside a fringe of nostalgic chauvinists , however , most Europeans and Japanese are no longer so convinced that modernization is sufficient validation of imperial rule .
Terror can prolong the agony , but in the end an illegitimate regime is doomed .
Embracing the Empire Bernard Kouchner , France 's new foreign minister , has a long and distinguished record as an advocate of intervention in countries where human rights are abused .
His efforts to provide better healthcare for Americans , for example , is not so much an innovation , as an attempt to catch up with arrangements which most Europeans and Japanese have long taken for granted .
To be sure , a long history of mutual Christian-Muslim hostility , and recent cases of radical Islamist violence , have made many people fearful of Islam in a way that they are not of Hinduism , say , or Buddhism .
It was not so long ago that the majority of citizens in the Western world had their own unquestioned symbols of collective faith and identity .
We are no longer told what to do or think by priests or our social superiors .
In Europe , the power of the European Union , often-uncontrolled immigration , and economic globalization are challenging feelings of national belonging , of being represented by national governments , or of sharing national cultures .
In Europe , either the EU must become more democratic , which will take a long time , or national governments must delegate less to the bureaucrats in Brussels .
Life in peaceful times can be dull , and British glory seems a long way in the past .
From the late 1940 's to the late 1980 's , the US played along with , and sometimes actively backed , anti-Communist authoritarian rulers , who grabbed and consolidated their powers through violent coups and the suppression of dissent .
As long as the Cold War lasted , US administrations consistently favored military strongmen and civilian dictators in the name of fighting Communism -- anything to keep the left down , even the kind of left that would have been regarded as simply liberal in the democratic West .
Hence , the first symbolic step was to get the US to move its marines from Okinawa , an island that has carried the burden of a US military presence for much too long .
She then quickly proceeded to give a long celebratory speech about the heroism of US soldiers `` fighting for freedom '' abroad .
Rural Americans , living on the vast plains , uprooted and isolated from the outside world , have a history of expressing their longing for community and mystical identity by gathering in large numbers in churches and tents , listening to the grand statements of charismatic hucksters .
Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck are heirs to a long line of preachers and politicians who made their fortunes by stirring up anxious crowds , promising them Heaven on Earth , or at least a place in Heaven .
As the warm welcome given to Hillary Clinton on her recent swing through Asia -- even in communist Vietnam -- appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China .
Many people have migrated to Western European countries from North Africa and Turkey during the last half-century , not because of Western generosity , but because they were required for jobs that natives no longer wanted .
Islamist extremism is a handy revolutionary creed for vulnerable young people to latch onto , to gain a sense of power and belonging .
Children can no longer go to their schools .
Instead , he found eager supporters among pious Protestants , for whom Jews belonged in their own holy land rather than in Europe .
Keen to revive a more militant form of nationalism in their own countries , politicians like Strache , Wilders , and Dewinter see Israel as a kind of model -- a model discredited for a long time in Europe , owing to bad memories of fascism and Nazism .
The longer Israel , cheered on by the wrong European friends , continues to humiliate the Palestinians and occupy their lands , the more likely it will be that hatred and violence will stand in the way of compromise , without which there can be no peace .
During the Cold War , dictators benefitted from American largesse as long as they were anti-Communist -LRB- `` our bastards '' -RRB- .
In both cases , these cozy relationships were maintained for far too long .
When the Cold War was drawing to a close , anti-Communism no longer guaranteed US protection .
People in the Middle East and North Africa have been led by the West , or by Western-backed dictators , for long enough .
The post-war political order , though no longer belligerent , was just as murky , with bureaucrats acting as the puppeteers of underfunded and ill-informed politicians , who operated regional pork-barrel operations together with big business , which in turn worked in cahoots with the bureaucrats .
So long as Japan was playing catch-up with the West , and government and industrial resources were concentrated on economic growth , the system worked quite well .
This aristocratic tradition of standing above the narrow strains of ethnic nationalism may be the best argument to hang on to royalty a little longer .
But wars often beget more wars , or longer ones .
This is hard to take for members of the secular , Westernized Turkish elite , who have spent decades , if not longer , trying to prove their European bona fides .
Radical losers are mostly young men who are so enraged by their own lack of social , economic , and sexual self-esteem and the indifference of the world around them , that they long for a suicidal act of mass destruction .
As long as Israel was a liberal state , it was easy , even natural , for most American Jews to support it .
Now that she is a permanent US resident , the Dutch government no longer wants to pay for her protection .
For decades , technological advances have been essentially incremental , and the industry remains largely based on long-haul transport aircraft , with an emerging small jet component and a legacy of general aviation markets and products .
Nevertheless , even given eventual development of an affordable , safe , fly\/drive , airport-independent personal transportation system , there would still be a need to re-invent long-haul transport , especially for transoceanic flights .
The issue of water emissions can be addressed by designs that enable long-haul aircraft to cruise below 9,000 meters .
Given the number and severity of problems currently plaguing civil aeronautics , the conventional approach of evolutionary changes to current paradigms is no longer sufficient .
If the moral test that I endured stands , it means that Europe has come full circle : agnostics are no longer willing to accept that being religious -- and having different moral views -- should not bar someone from holding an official post .
A longstanding Germanophile , Pius XII was nonetheless anti-Nazi .
SEOUL -- There was a time , not long after the Cold War 's end , when almost everyone assumed that North Korea would soon collapse .
Nevertheless , despite his long tenure , the Dear Leader 's hold on power sometimes has been threatened by a small group of dissidents .
Costs continue to climb , but nothing seems to contain their growth for very long .
We need a `` sustainable medicine '' that is affordable to national health care systems and provides equitable access in the long term .
A medicine that keeps people alive too long is not a decent and humane medicine .
This trend is likely to continue , so that even if technological progress slows , people are almost certain to live longer lives in the future -- and in better health -- than they do now .
With no massive Soviet army in the middle of Germany , Europe was no longer firmly divided into Western and Eastern hemispheres . Mitteleuropa revived and Germany reunified .
The Franco-German couple could no longer claim to speak for the EU as a whole .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
Nevertheless , coups , whether violent or peaceful , are the antithesis of democratic institutions , and military rule can last a long time .
As my colleague Marcelo Giugale and I argue in our recent book The Day After Tomorrow , there are at least four tracks along which this switchover is taking place .
As long as appropriate governance and revenue-administration mechanisms are put in place -- particularly to avoid rent-seeking behavior -- natural-resource availability may turn out to be a blessing rather than a curse for these countries .
Most developing countries were already moving along these four tracks before the global financial crisis , owing largely to improvements in their economic policies during the previous decade .
Indeed , because the creation of new assets in developing countries will be slower than the increase in demand for them , the price of existing assets in those markets -- equities , bonds , real estate , human capital -- are likely to overshoot their long-term equilibrium value .
They can ensure that the rules they have in place are consistent and favorable to funding investment projects with long maturities .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Not long ago , the separation of financial supervision and monetary policy was in vogue in many countries .
We no longer have a guide , an idea of how to think about our country , how to understand it and how to imagine who we are and who we can become .
Their first inclination is to defend these electoral democracies on the grounds they no longer engage in killing or in torture .
Only one out of every ten Venezuelan companies polled states any intention of making middle or long term investments such as renovating existing industrial plants or building new ones .
The general parameters of a long-term , two-state agreement are well known .
There will be no substantive and permanent peace for any peoples in this troubled region as long as Israel is violating key UN resolutions , official American policy and the international `` road map '' for peace by occupying Arab lands and oppressing the Palestinians .
As were all previous administrations since the founding of Israel , US government leaders must be in the forefront of achieving this long-delayed goal .
But we can not allow the distortion of faith or long-standing custom to be used as an excuse to ignore the rights of girls and women , and to hold their communities in poverty .
Others have only whispered their longing for such a statement .
More fundamentally , Chávez represents ideas that have long stifled Latin America 's political and economic growth . This includes the notion that social justice can be achieved only by abandoning the path of reform and rejecting `` bourgeois '' democratic forms in favor of `` real '' democracy , born of revolutionary purity and the leader 's millenarian dreams .
As long as Latin America 's democracies fail to take seriously the tasks of reducing inequality , spreading opportunity , and nurturing more cohesive societies , they will continue to court disaster .
The latest proof : Mauricio Funes , the standard bearer of the FMLN -- until not long ago a Marxist guerilla movement -- has just prevailed in El Salvador 's presidential election .
This is remarkable in a country that for as long as anyone remembers has been ruled , by hook or by crook , by a reactionary oligarchy .
If the Salvadoran left 's close electoral victory is peacefully accepted -- as it has been so far -- it means that Latin America has truly come a long way .
A political newcomer who did not participate in El Salvador 's civil war , Funes , along with all the FMLN 's congressional candidates , was handpicked as presidential nominee , behind closed doors by the party 's Political Commission , where diehard Marxist cadres still roam unchecked .
To begin with , the FMLN is short of a congressional majority , which remains in the hands of its right-wing opponents , ARENA and its long-time allies , the small PCN .
The policies that resulted from these decisions may or may not be necessary for America 's long-term security interests , but it is undeniable that they have fueled a backlash in the Muslim world which has , on occasion , reared its head in murderous ways .
India 's population is now a little over one billion ; it will almost certainly surpass 1.5 billion by mid-century , overtaking China 's population along the way before it stops growing .
These citizens are guilty only of belonging to the three tribes -LRB- Fur , Masalit , and Zaghawa -RRB- that spawned the rebels who took up arms against the government a few years ago .
As a result of that perilous precedent , Russia no longer feels bound by the unwritten agreement .
Part of the reason for Berlusconi 's longevity despite his many stumbles is cultural .
As in other Latin or Mediterranean countries with a strong Catholic tradition , Italian society long ago learned to accept serenely a life of duplicity : on the one hand , a strong attachment to church and family values , and on the other a second life -- often lived in plain sight -- composed of mistresses and other `` dubious '' connections .
Graduating as a doctor or a lawyer is no longer a mark of success .
The campaign was over Mexico 's soul , over the highly abstract , partly imaginary , broad ideological themes of nationalism , separation of church and state , the market versus the state , law enforcement versus eradicating privilege and poverty , belonging to Latin America or to North America , poor versus rich .
Without the reforms , the country will continue to plod along and , no matter how intensely people may feel about it , real change will remain impossible .
In the long run , the answer undoubtedly lies in the transformation of the Mexican left , and partly also of the Mexican right .
But , as long they remain relatively powerless , Mexico will remain unbalanced , deprived of the modern left that it needs to combat poverty and inequality , and hostage to those who still believe in revolution and the assault on the Winter Palace .
None of these indispensable and long-postponed reforms will convince López Obrador 's followers that the end of poverty and inequality in Mexico is around the corner .
Chávez baited Bush at almost every stop along the way , but the US leader evaded the provocations , and indeed , probably bested Chávez in the sense that an unpopular US president managed to dominate the agenda and take the battle of ideas directly to Latin American audiences , with whom the Venezuelans and the Cubans are in contact every day .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
Third , and perhaps most importantly , Bush has to finally achieve the immigration reform he has promised for so long .
An alternative minimum tax was established , along with a slight increase in gasoline taxes , but both were so watered down that they barely add up to anything .
For example , the 1996 immigration reforms implemented by the Clinton administration , along with other , underlying structural trends , halted the traditional circular pattern whereby Mexicans came and went to the US every year .
As long as Fidel is around -- writing , meeting foreign dignitaries , and weighing in on everything from ethanol to the American presidential campaign -- two things will remain clear .
However hasty these judgments may end up being , it certainly seems that the region 's oldest and last political-military organization is , at long last , on the brink of defeat .
The list of problems facing Latin America is long , but the salient themes are easily distinguishable .
While Latin America will not be a priority for either an Obama or McCain administration , continuing the United States ' neglect of the last seven years is no longer viable .
It can finance all of this with the support of Venezuela 's state oil company , implementing social policies that are misguided over the long term but seductive in the short run , especially when carried out by Cuban doctors , teachers , and instructors .
Turning its back in the face of such challenges is no longer a viable American option .
The Bush administration 's regrettable decision to build fences along the US-Mexico border , raid workplaces and housing sites , detain and deport foreigners without papers , is viewed in Latin America as being hypocritical and offensive .
First , clear and explicit human rights and democracy clauses should be included , along the lines of similar clauses in the Mexican and Chilean Economic Association treaties with the EU .
In Defense of International Justice MEXICO CITY -- Not long after I took office as Mexico 's foreign minister in 2001 , a novel problem came across my desk .
According to the Spanish indictment , Cavallo belonged to the operations unit of a group actively involved in kidnapping and torturing people whom the military regime perceived as leftist .
Since then , many inroads have been made to ensure that the world 's most serious crimes no longer go unpunished .
The trials of Slobodan Milosevic and Charles Taylor have demonstrated that even heads of state are no longer safe from prosecution .
Given this , it is no surprise that the list of question marks attached to Calderón 's administration is longer than that of his achievements .
Calderón decided , in late 2006 , that accommodation was no longer tolerable : the violence had gotten out of control ; the corruption and complicity had infected the nation 's police and political elite ; and Mexico had become a major producer of methamphetamines for the US , as well as a significant consumer of cocaine .
But we realistic optimists are no longer holding our breath : we may be disappointed , once again .
But the Mexican left , while no longer as weak as it was after its defeat in 2006 , has always needed foreign role models .
The ALBA countries decided they would concede nothing to Obama , and attempt , instead , to back him into a corner : either the US would go along with the new OAS consensus , angering both parts of the Cuban-American lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments , or the US would have to act alone -LRB- perhaps with Canada by its side -RRB- , leaving it totally isolated in Latin America -- the last thing Obama wants .
Obama had no choice but to go along .
And Chávez , despite the recent increase in oil prices , can no longer afford to subsidize Cuba as he did during the boom years .
This may not be ideal , but it is better than prolonging a fight that can not be won .
Lula 's attempt , together with Turkey , to broker a deal between Iran and the West failed when the US convinced Russia and China , along with countries such as Mexico , to approve a new round of UN sanctions against Iran .
There is nothing wrong with either per se , so long as they are sustainable in the medium term and viable in the long term .
But there are doubts as to what it can achieve in the long run to eradicate poverty .
MEXICO CITY -- US President Barack Obama 's current swing through Latin America will probably be short on substance , long on rhetorical flourishes and symbolism , and may include a few announcements affecting American business in the region .
As long as China and India maintain their insatiable appetite for commodities , Brazil 's exports will finance today 's consumer boom .
But next year the country will celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Chapultepec Peace Accords , which ended its decade-long civil war .
Moreover , relations with the US , while important , are no longer paramount .
The Andean Engagé MEXICO CITY -- The role of the politically committed intellectual has a long and ubiquitous history .
Some -- including me , up to a point -- might have thought that once democracy had taken hold in the region , the disproportionate political weight of painters , writers , poets , and musicians would begin to decline ; they would no longer be the voice of the voiceless , because the voiceless now had a voice of their own .
On the UN resolution establishing a no-fly zone and civilian protection in Libya , Brazil , along with three of the other `` BRICS '' -LRB- and world power wannabes -RRB- -- Russia , India , and China -- abstained .
The fourth , South Africa , went along only grudgingly .
Given their growing role in the global economy , it is understandable that larger Latin American countries , along with the other BRICS , are seeking a more influential world role .
After I 've given a lecture or a course on homosexuality , explaining at length why it can no longer be considered an illness , the questions are always the same : `` What are the symptoms ? ''
Scientists long anticipated that an influenza virus will spread - as now appears to be happening in Asia - from wild birds to humans , causing a pandemic .
But we have long known that coronaviruses can cause dreadful diseases in domestic animals .
Veterinarians and farmers have long known of a coronavirus that can kill 90 % or more of young pigs .
When a virus has been associated with its host for a very long time , it mutates to a form that grows well without killing its host , which would be a pointless outcome from an evolutionary standpoint .
Many human viral diseases have not been with us very long , perhaps only ten to twenty thousand years .
But those involved in human and veterinary medicine must no longer remain aloof from one another .
Reaffirming Europe ROME\/STOCKHOLM -- The ongoing global economic crisis is shaking beliefs and approaches that have long been enshrined in European policies .
It confirms full visa liberalization as a long-term goal -LRB- with visa facilitation agreements in the meantime -RRB- , promises enhanced cooperation on energy security , diversification , and efficiency , and comes with dedicated programs and projects to help the neighbors in their integration and reform efforts in all these areas .
Those with a sense of history will also see the significance of Europe 's nation states , which not long ago fought each other continuously , now pooling their foreign policies in order to assert them more vigorously on the global stage .
Small elite bodies like the G-8 no longer work , but neither do mammoth meetings of the sort we saw in Copenhagen .
This secret truce was maintained even after Mexico 's first open democratic presidential election in 2000 , when the long-ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party was ousted from power .
As drug lords were arrested , the equilibrium between gangs was destroyed , paving the way to a war between the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels -- the two largest -- which has generated enormous violence , as well as sharp US protests because of the impact of the fighting along the border .
But the question is how long this support will last .
So it seems that the government 's only option is to continue the war , hoping that its longer-term effort to strengthen state institutions ' capacity and integrity will eventually prove effective .
LONDON , ONTARIO -- Progress is being made against many types of cancer , with more patients surviving longer , thanks to research on two fronts : improved methods for earlier detection , and development of therapies that are more effective and less toxic .
While remarkable progress has been made in understanding the biology of cancer -- leading in part to the development of new , less toxic drugs -- our understanding of the biology of tumor metastasis , and especially the development of metastases after a long period of tumor dormancy , has lagged .
For example , in some types of breast cancer , patients may be treated for more than a decade with anti-hormone therapies , and these long-term treatments are working -- they are successful at preventing some of the cancer recurrences that occur with shorter treatment .
But , while these long-term therapies are relatively safe , they do have side-effects , and the number of cancer recurrences that they prevent is small .
The challenge today is thus to understand the processes of tumor dormancy and metastasis better , in order to determine more accurately which patients will benefit from long-term therapy .
Would intermittent therapy be as useful as long-term treatment ?
It requires patience , development of models , and willingness to undertake long-term studies .
We also need to understand better the prevalence of long-term dormant disease in patients .
In some ways , the success of cancer research is fueling pressure to `` cure '' cancer quickly , steering clinical and laboratory researchers away from the tricky problems of metastasis and long-term tumor dormancy .
With his re-election , they abruptly decided that they had waited long enough and would enact the Article 23 security laws before mid-2003 .
The international dimension of the attacks also includes an encounter with the after-effects of violence , and the longer-term problems of understanding what happened and how it changed us .
Americans , too , are now recovering from a brutal act of violent dislocation , a phenomenon the United States has long been spared , but one familiar in many places around the world .
Ahmedinejad made this point repeatedly in interviews with western media and in long letters to US President George W. Bush and German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
For many years , scientists thought that these signals traveled along a few well-defined routes to reach a relay station in the brain called the thalamus .
Some researchers are finding that long-lasting injury signals in neural pathways can change the way those pathways function , and over long periods of time , relentless signals of injury can even alter neural structures themselves .
India 's Illiterate Revolution The United States has long been divided over what it calls `` affirmative action , '' a system of racial preferences intended to overcome the lingering consequences of slavery and discrimination against black Americans .
Of the remaining 120 million , only 20 million are expected to reach the tenth year of school , with the rest dropping out along the way .
Many consider India 's increasing mobilization along caste lines a welcome assertion of `` identity . ''
Workers belonging to each caste pursued a wide variety of occupations , although agriculture provided the bulk of employment .
Access to literacy and to jobs in the government sector and modern professions was limited to a small section of the population usually belonging to the high castes .
In any case , the majority of peasants belonging to any caste , upper or lower , were poor .
This helps co-opt the elite among the lower castes to the ruling coalition , and keeps the poor divided along caste lines .
Rivero has long understood that Castro may be the Father of the Cuban Revolution , but that the revolution 's children are increasingly restive .
With the children of the revolution no longer obeying , Castro punished them .
The American left , long silent on Cuba , has cleared its throat .
Despite their numbers -- the Urban Institute estimates that more than nine million undocumented immigrants live in the US , a number that exceeds the entire populations of countries like Costa Rica and Nicaragua -- the undocumented worker has long been North America 's favorite punching bag .
The trick for an immigrant is to always buy cheap , because he never knows how long it will be before a car breaks down .
But , while America 's continued central role in Asia is safe , the long-term viability of its security arrangements boils down to the credibility of its security assurances to allies and partners .
A Scramble for Asia ? NEW DELHI -- Asia 's festering Cold War-era territorial and maritime disputes highlight the fact that securing long-term region-wide peace depends on respect for existing borders .
Having earlier preached the gospel of its `` peaceful rise , '' China no longer is shy about showcasing its military capabilities and asserting itself on multiple fronts .
If China , India , and Japan constitute a scalene strategic triangle in Asia , with China representing the longest side , side A , the sum of side B -LRB- India -RRB- and side C -LRB- Japan -RRB- will always be greater than A. Not surprisingly , the fastest-growing relationship in Asia today is probably between Japan and India .
The 2,640-kilometer Durand Line , a British-colonial invention that divided the large Pashtun community when it was established in 1893 as the border between British-led India and Afghanistan , has long been despised and rejected by Afghanistan .
Earlier , in 1995 , China installed its own Panchen Lama after its security services abducted the Tibetans ' six-year-old appointee , who has simply disappeared , along with his family .
While his supporters have staged protests against the police raid and interrogation of their leader , Indian officials have expressed apprehension that China may be funding Ogyen Trinley Dorje as part of a plan to influence the Karmapa 's Kagyu sect , which controls important monasteries along the militarized Indo-Tibetan border .
Many nuclear-power plants are located along coastlines , because they are highly water-intensive .
For example , many nuclear-power plants located along the British coast are just a few meters above sea level .
Moreover , with nearly two-fifths of the world 's population living within 100 kilometers of a coastline , finding suitable seaside sites for initiation or expansion of a nuclear-power program is no longer easy .
Once again , we see that the real terrorist sanctuaries are located not along Pakistan 's borders with Afghanistan and India , but in the Pakistani heartland .
The breakthrough in hunting him down came only after the US , even at the risk of rupturing its longstanding ties with the Pakistani army and ISI , deployed a number of CIA operatives , Special Operations forces , and contractors deep inside Pakistan without the knowledge of the Pakistani military .
From the time construction of the port began , Gwadar was widely seen as representing China 's first strategic foothold in the Arabian Sea , as part of its strategy to assemble a `` string of pearls '' along the Indian Ocean rim .
Yet , all along , China continued to insist that Gwadar 's only role was commercial .
In fact , with a second and larger aircraft carrier currently under construction , it may not be long before China displays its naval capabilities by dispatching a carrier battle group to the Indian Ocean -- if not basing one at Gwadar .
But Al Qaeda is no longer a serious factor in the Afghan war , where the principal combatants are now the American military and the Taliban , with its associated militias and private armies .
On the contrary , it would remove the Taliban 's unifying element and unleash developments -- a vicious power struggle in Afghanistan along sectarian and ethnic lines -- whose significance would be largely internal or regional .
In fact , the most likely outcome of any Afghan power struggle triggered by an American withdrawal would be to formalize the present de facto partition of Afghanistan along ethnic lines -- the direction in which Iraq , too , is headed .
The threat of an Islamist takeover of Pakistan comes not from the Taliban , but from groups that have long drawn support from the Pakistani army as part of a long-standing military-mullah alliance .
In addition , China has identified another mega-dam site on the Brahmaputra at Daduqia , which , like Metog , is to harness the force of a nearly 3,000-meter drop in the river 's height as it takes a sharp southerly turn from the Himalayan range into India , forming the world 's longest and steepest canyon .
Meanwhile , China 's resurrection of its long-dormant claim to the northeastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh , and its needling of India over Kashmir -LRB- one-fifth of which is under Chinese control -RRB- , is testing the new US-India global strategic partnership .
Heroes Cross Swords in Sri Lanka NEW DELHI -- Two celebrated heroes who , as president and army chief , helped end Sri Lanka 's long and brutal civil war against the Tamil Tigers are now crossing political swords .
Sri Lanka is the only country , along with Malaysia , with affirmative action for the majority ethnic community .
Cyberspace must be treated , along with outer space , international waters , and international airspace , as property held in common for the good of all .
Chinese analysts gleefully point out that , after having sung the `` liberalize , privatize , and let the markets decide '' song for so long , the United States and Britain took the lead in bailing out their financial giants at the first sign of trouble .
Deng Xiaoping 's advice -- `` Hide your capabilities and bide your time '' -- no longer seems relevant .
After providing Sri Lanka 's government with offensive weapon systems that helped end the country 's decades-long civil war , China has been rewarded with port-building , railroad , and other infrastructure projects .
Should , or can , China achieve long-term growth only by adding physical structures ?
The threshold for exposure is no longer wrongdoing of the scale that coined the term `` Watergate '' and all the subsequent '' - gates . ''
The wood frog can survive long periods of freezing temperatures without suffering cell damage .
In some countries , nuclear power has been seen as an answer , but deposits of high-grade nuclear fuel worldwide appear to be limited , and the long-term costs of waste storage and plant decommissioning are high .
But it is the economics of HDR geothermal that will eventually determine its long-term role , because deep boreholes are expensive to drill , and their costs must be met before power stations can begin to generate electricity .
The rising costs of fossil and fissile fuels will also make HDR more compelling , since the long-term economics of geothermal power is effectively quarantined from fuel price movements .
The road to HDR geothermal energy has been long and expensive , but , like all developing technologies , the basic research and development had to be done before commercial development could follow .
But they do n't question long hours and dire working conditions .
More generally , children who spend long hours in factories all over the world often enter their teens with permanently deformed limbs .
If they live that long . Thousands of children do n't .
On November 25 , 2003 , India and Pakistan agreed to a cease-fire along the Line of Control -LRB- LoC -RRB- , the international border that divides Indian Kashmir from Pakistani Kashmir , as well as the actual ground control -LRB- AGPL -RRB- in strategic Siachen region .
With Pakistan 's economy in a tailspin , and with the jihad culture of so many young Pakistanis undermining the country 's international credibility , moderate voices are at long last breaking through .
Vajpayee , for his part , has hinted that if Pakistan wants a decent deal , it ought to make one with him , as he might be the last Indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue .
Neither Singapore nor Malaysia , where ruling parties have long dominated the parliaments , has a political culture as healthy as in Taiwan or South Korea .
The Sudanese armed forces have bombed areas along the North-South border .
All of this should be seen in the context of the NCP 's long track record of human-rights abuses and reneging on agreements .
Thanks to `` reinforced cooperation , '' recalcitrant states will no longer hinder those seeking to make progress , and could even resort to an `` opt-out '' process and `` liberate '' themselves from the EU , perhaps by means of a referendum .
Most are Indonesians belonging to Jemaah Islamiyah -LRB- JI -RRB- , Mujahidin Kompak , and other Darul Islam factions .
But Koizumi is behaving in accordance with a deep-rooted tradition in Japan , one that long precedes the attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor in December 1941 .
In the long run , these differences outweigh women 's commonalities .
Today , those same Republicans seem to find nothing to criticize in the fact that Palin returned to work three days after the birth of her last child . In supporting a woman 's choice to combine motherhood with a demanding job , social conservatives now seem to agree with long-time feminists .
Some argue that insisting on amoral diplomatic language is no longer necessary , because human rights are more or less universally accepted , if not always observed .
NATO is no longer only a military alliance .
Tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
Farmers will be weaned off opium over the long term only if they have sustainable livelihoods .
West Africa is an ideal staging point along the route from South America to the cocaine markets of Europe .
As long as Iraqis face daily threats of larceny , kidnapping , and murder -- particularly from those who are supposed to protect them -- they will seek security from neighborhood gangs and militias .
Mankind 's growing influence on the environment was recognized as long ago as 1873 , when the Italian geologist Antonio Stoppani referred to the `` anthropozoic era , '' defined by a `` new telluric force , which in power and universality may be compared to the greater forces of earth . ''
But Serbia 's authorities , facing economic turmoil , can not harbor him much longer if the United States and the European Union exert adequate pressure .
But France 's efforts to shore up solidarity by insisting on laïcité and erecting a dam against Muslim immigrants are both ineffective and counter-productive , because they exclude from a sense of fully belonging to the nation many people who are actually in France already .
If we succeed , we can create a sense that we belong together , even though our reasons for believing so may be different .
Well , we can no longer have a civil religion -- not one based on God , nor on laïcité and the rights of man , nor , indeed , on any particular view .
Indeed , climate change is now included in all major bilateral discussions , alongside trade , exchange rates , human rights , and energy security .
Even though parts of both the developed and the developing world increasingly look to China for leadership , the country 's leaders view such a global role as beyond their current capabilities . Yet , China has come a long way from the days of the Kyoto Protocol .
Like many developing countries , China was more or less dragged along in that process .
The biggest milestone came in December 2007 , when it , along with other developing countries , signed the Bali Roadmap , agreeing to work together on a new global deal by 2009 in Copenhagen .
In a similar vein , the Confucian tradition has long emphasized the value of political meritocracy .
Even then , it took much longer than eighteen months to establish viable democratic orders .
In the process of reaching this decision , however , several long simmering issues have come to the fore .
One problem -- probably the most fundamental -- is that European integration no longer fires the imagination of Europeans .
Fifty years later , these goals are no longer relevant .
Comparing and contrasting the two sides of the Atlantic has a long pedigree , of course .
Along with President Bush , he would be acclaimed as a great leader , while voices of dissent and opposition would be silenced .
In Eastern Europe , the old leaders initially disappeared from the scene , but not for long .
It requires plausible leadership and the reasonable hope that things will get better before long .
For a number of reasons , however , this time-honored practice no longer works .
It is more important to belong than to have a certain set of beliefs .
Because most people do n't particularly want to belong to a party , playing the party game becomes a minority sport .
People no longer think of parliaments as representing them and thus vested with the legitimacy needed to take decisions on their behalf .
While gloomier economists like Mancur Olson surmised that only revolution or war could dissolve the rigidities of the status quo , Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher remembered Friedman 's worldview , along with that of Hayek and others .
So , once again , we find ideas that go back a long way coming to the fore .
Once a politician has lost trust however , people will no longer believe him even if he tells the truth .
Such enthusiasm did not last long .
It could be argued that the Iraq war was too short , certainly too short for Iraqis to feel , as we Germans did , that the occupation was inevitable and bound to last for a long time .
Perhaps it is the lack of integrative strength in other societies which makes people feel that the only place where they really belong is among their own people .
In Europe , parties of dubious democratic pedigree have done well in recent years : Jörg Haider in Austria , Christoph Blocher in Switzerland , Umberto Bossi in Italy , Jean-Marie LePen in France - the list is long .
Today we no longer take such virtues as given . They were probably exercised by only a minority of people even at the time when Mill wrote on representative government .
They believed that a new age of social democracy had dawned , and for a while they sought to prove their point : Bill Clinton , Tony Blair , Gerhard Schroeder , Romano Prodi , even some of those elected in the postcommunist countries seemed to belong to this political camp .
They are present in highly developed countries , but above all in entire regions of the world that are suspended between a yesterday that no longer exists and a tomorrow that has not yet come into being .
More recently , this has changed , giving rise to a process described by Arthur Schlesinger , the historian and former aide to President John F. Kennedy , in his book The Disuniting of America . No longer are all US citizens Americans .
Even in Israel , the last true immigration country - at least for Jews - assimilation is no longer so easy .
Modern societies are characterized by acute problems of belonging .
Indeed , Iraq no longer deserves to be described as a united country .
It would be disastrous to destroy the emergent Iraqi-Kurdish entity in the name of an abstract and no-longer existent greater Iraq .
The real question is whether democracy could really have done the trick , and then , whether missiles and tanks are the right method to bring democracy to a country that has suffered dictatorial rule for a long period of time .
In fact , the two belong together .
We also assume an automatic acceptance of rules that in fact took a long time to become embedded even in the US .
This meant that his image if not his words reached out to millions who do not belong to his church .
For many , France has long been the epitome of meritocracy .
I no longer needed to hide as I had done after my release from a Gestapo camp at the beginning of February .
Such improvement requires above all self-help , the actions of individuals who will not accept the misery of the zero hour for long .
As a result , the `` generational contract '' looks less and less viable , because we can no longer rely on today 's workers to pay for today 's pensioners .
People who live longer while not being in employment want to enjoy their lives .
Hardly a week goes by without some addition to the already long list of European-American gripes and irritants .
Social policies in Europe -- like everything else -- vary widely , and popular attitudes cover a spectrum , from tired protectionism and longing for subsidies in some of `` old Europe '' to the free-market enthusiasm of more recent EU members in the West -LRB- Ireland and Portugal -RRB- and the East -LRB- Poland and Slovakia -RRB- .
Italy has long had a large Communist Party , and the left may be in power again ; but there is no gut antagonism to the freedoms that capitalism encourages .
High , often long-term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep-seated cultural roots matter far more .
It will also be a government without the Greens , who continue to have a devoted , if limited , clientele , but are now regarded by many as a luxury that Germany can no longer afford .
But they soon discovered that realizing this prospect would require a longer and more arduous journey than they had anticipated .
Not so long ago , there was jubilation that the free world and its values had prevailed in the Cold War .
But history never bowed out ; at most , it only took a decade-long intermission , with its next act heralded by the terrorist attacks in the United States in September 2001 .
There are others , including the question of inheritance taxes , which have long been regarded as a necessary component of a free society .
They are an invitation to assert who one is and where one belongs rather than to a competition of well-defined and comprehensive political programs .
On the contrary , democracy is a long-term task .
Why is it no longer the place in which the representatives of the people debate great issues and hold the executive to account ?
Along with parties and parliaments , elections have lost their charm . Declining voter turnout tells the story .
Power may be increasingly illusory in a globalized world , but it is an illusion that is shared by others , and the longer one inhabits it , the more one 's circle consists of others who share the belief .
It also means that they no longer find a political home in parties , but react to situations , to vague moods , and above all to appeals to sentiments , if not resentments .
As long as they accept elections and election results , they may be gone almost as quickly as they arrived .
It does not take long for voters to discover that the promises of populists were empty .
Today 's Counter-Enlightenment Not long ago , one might have concluded that , at least in Europe , there were no taboos left .
What a poor world it would be if anything that might offend any group could no longer be said !
By the time the false religions of totalitarian ideologies were defeated , real religions -- so it seemed -- had long passed from the political scene .
Israel has long avoided drafting a constitution , because its secular citizens fear that orthodox Jews would impose their values on them .
After all , some women have long had the strength and the will to make it to the top .
It took decades to become real , and there are still countries that have a long way to go .
It is not the women at the top who have changed the scene . Rather , it is a more general trend , helped along by open-minded leaders of both sexes , that has changed the political climate in countries .
No one , man or woman , can today aspire to setting the tone of public discourse without recognizing that politics is no longer only a man 's game .
The answer to the question , `` Where do we go if we have to leave ? '' is not usually China or some African country , nor is it any longer much of Latin America .
They should be proud -- and a little humble -- about their magnetic quality , as the US was for a long time .
Getting your hands dirty is what most people in rich countries no longer want to do . From restaurant kitchens to care for the elderly , from harvesting cotton to laboring on building sites , people in rich countries want to consume services that they are no longer willing to provide themselves .
Some might argue that at a time when even major parties can no longer hope to gain the support of more than 50 % of the electorate , it is important that parliament reflects the variety of views held by the people who elect it .
As long as it remains possible to remove those in power by peaceful means , such as elections , the translation of relative majorities into strong governments is preferable to weak coalitions with numerical majorities .
The nature of the trouble in higher education is similar to that affecting all the public services : a massive growth in demand that can no longer be met from the public purse .
Overcrowded classes in often inadequate physical surroundings without necessary equipment have led to ever longer periods of study , a deterioration in the quality of degrees , and much unhappiness among both students and professors .
This is why the subject is no longer one for a small privileged elite , but rather one for general political debate .
For a long time , those who studied the nature of life and heredity were divided into two camps : epigeneticists , who emphasized environmental influences on living organisms , and preformists , who stressed the similarities between parents and progeny .
The metaphor comes from the famous mathematician and computer scientist Alan Turing , who , along with John von Neumann and other theoreticians , uncovered the link between the mathematics of whole numbers and logic .
Development is sustainable so long as an economy 's wealth relative to its population is maintained over time .
In addition , some member governments , like those of Germany and Austria , have demonstrated serious anxiety that EU enlargement will incite a flood of job-seekers from Central and Eastern Europe , and made clear that they will demand a long delay in granting free movement of labor to any new member state .
So long as left-wing parties seemed suspect , implausible or even semi-revolutionary , center-right parties could conceal their internal contradictions .
They could no longer claim their traditional role as the party of reliable economic management because , during its four years in power , New Labor delivered an impressive record of economic competence and stability , with high growth and low inflation .
Instead the Bush administration decided to wage the war essentially on its own ; for this kind of small war , it really did not need its European allies , although in the latter stages of the fighting , French Mirage jets , and British , German , Danish , and Norwegian special forces troops were active in battles in the mountains along the Afghanistan\/Pakistan border .
After all , the EU has embarked on a year-long exercise which will likely culminate , at next year 's end , in a new constitutional treaty for Europe .
Not long after that , the EU will take in ten or more new members from Eastern Europe .
Because this enlargement round is likely to be the last for a long time , if not forever , it is urgent for member states to think seriously about re-writing the EU treaties to deal with the new reality , in terms which will be workable for the long term .
For the past 50 years , the EU was largely able to count on a benign partnership with the US in a multilateral context ; that assumption no longer holds , even if we do not yet know the extent of America 's new unilateralism .
With 10 new members joining , that pretence is no longer tenable .
Russia is no longer perceived as a military threat .
But Britain 's decision whether to join the single European currency , the Euro , was taken long ago , and it was always going to be some version of `` No. ''
The only scenario in which there could be a strong , purely economic case for Euro membership is one in which the Euro-zone is doing very well , the British economy is doing very badly , and membership looks like the best way to deliver long-term recovery .
The idea of a two-speed or variable-geometry Union , has long been debated , mainly as a way of finessing the Euro-skeptical foot-dragging of successive British governments .
The British have long resisted European integration .
In Britain , in particular , the spectacular surge of the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- can only strengthen the government 's long-standing latent Euroskepticism .
But Blair , beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in Iraq , thought he could avoid trouble at Westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 -LRB- that is , a comfortably long time in the future -RRB- , and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum .
One fundamental difference between France and Britain is that most of the mainstream political elite in France has long been broadly pro-European .
The most plausible institutional mechanism for this alternative way forward will be the existing grouping of those member states that have wanted to belong to a more united Europe by joining , or seeking to join , the euro zone .
This inequity long rankled in Britain .
During his ten years in power , Blair and his Chancellor of the Exchequer , Gordon Brown , gave Britain one of the longest periods of economic stability , relatively high growth , and low unemployment that it had ever known .
Another consequence is that Britain 's moral standing has been damaged alongside that of the US .
At long last , Gordon Brown is taking over from Tony Blair as Britain 's Prime Minister , thus attaining his life-long ambition , as if by right .
That is his first problem . He has not been elected by anyone -- not by the Labor Party , and not by Britain 's voters ; he has merely come into an inheritance that he has long thought was his due .
Blair 's government moved the Labor Party a long way to the right of its traditional priorities of protecting the underprivileged , and to justify the change he re-named the party `` New Labor . ''
The Fed folk are paid a little better , and stay rather longer .
If willing buyers and willing sellers were trading claims happily , then , as long as they were `` professional '' investors , there was no legitimate reason to interfere in their markets .
If only one of these remedies were adopted , the world would be a safer and happier place , and taxpayers would no longer be at risk of bailing out feckless financiers .
Bankers accept that , in the long run , the theorem might hold , but argue that it will take time , especially given recent events , to persuade investors that banks are genuinely safer , and that their shares should be thought of as closer to utility stocks , yielding a lower return .
The market will prove one side right before too long .
It was the right decision from the perspective of financial stability ; change at the top would have thrown in doubt the Fed 's determination to respond decisively to the crisis -- and , indeed , its long-term commitment to low inflation .
Bernanke had also supported the low-interest-rate policy implemented after the dot-com collapse , which , in the view of many economists , was maintained for too long , fueling the boom and contributing to the bust .
Bankers ' pay soared alongside profits -- indeed , it grew even faster .
This consensus has been maintained through a long period in which exchange rates between the major Western currencies have been allowed to find their own level .
They may think that , in the long run , parities will reflect developments in relative unit labor costs .
But the long run can be long indeed , and the influence of speculative capital flows can be substantial and sustained .
The London markets have waited 18 long years already for the Bank of England to appear on their screens , and I suspect their wait will continue for some time yet .
We could easily be `` stimulating '' and `` rescuing '' the economy for a rather long time , in ways that only delay the needed adjustment , before we are finally forced to allow the required creative destruction to occur .
True , cancer deaths have dropped chiefly because of long-delayed -- and still poorly supported -- efforts to curb smoking .
For example , the long-term safety of mobile phones remains unproven .
Moreover , confusion about environmental cancer risks also results from longstanding , carefully cultivated , and well-financed disinformation campaigns inspired by the machinations of the tobacco industry .
Where the poet John Keats wrote `` Beauty is truth , truth beauty , '' Bacon might have said , `` Utility is truth , truth utility '' -- as long as we take `` utility '' in a very broad sense .
EDINBURGH -- People with higher intelligence test scores in childhood and early adulthood tend to live longer .
Parents ' occupations are also related to their child 's intelligence and later risk of illness : children from more privileged backgrounds tend to have higher intelligence and better health , and to live longer .
However , there is no convincing evidence that parental background explains the link between higher intelligence and longer life .
People who react faster have , on average , higher intelligence scores and live longer .
There have not been any studies with data on childhood intelligence , lots of subsequent data on adult health behaviors , and then a long-term follow-up for deaths .
These variables are related to living longer , too .
Finally , we know that how intelligent we are and how long we shall live are caused by both environmental and genetic influences .
Among the most informative exercises we can undertake in cognitive epidemiology is to obtain a large group of twins on whom there is data on early-life intelligence and who were tracked for a long time to find out who had died .
The ultimate aim of this research is to find out what intelligent people have and do that enables them to live longer .
As long as NATO remains reluctant to enter into a dialogue with the SCO , such a cautious attitude looks set to linger , and may even intensify .
Consideration also needs to be given , therefore , to the establishment of a NATO-China Council , along the lines of the NATO-Russia Council , and to the creation of arrangements that would facilitate greater cooperation with the SCO as a whole .
More generally , we agree with Obama that `` in the long run we ... can not keep ... safe unless we enlist the power of our most fundamental values , '' and that `` we uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right , but because it strengthens -LRB- us -RRB- and keeps us safe . ''
The experience of European democracies confronted with a long-term terrorist threat shows that human rights and the rule of law are our strongest assets .
During his tenure as a union leader in the late 1970s and early 1980s , the Dutch economy experienced prolonged malaise -- stagnant growth , high unemployment , prohibitive interest rates , and low corporate profitability .
This would give the authorities room to address the country 's daunting longer-term policy agenda -- including a major reform of the costly pension system , an overhaul of the tax system , and strengthening the bankruptcy framework -- that Brazil must face in order to boost competitiveness .
Only then will Afghanistan be able to break out of its decades-long vicious circle of violence , insecurity , corruption , unemployment , drug trafficking , and aid dependency .
Lack of transparency and accountability in how money is spent in wars , and in the rebuilding that takes place after them , no longer play well with taxpayers .
Emergency or humanitarian policies may improve basic consumption in the short run , but they may also discourage investment , increase inflation , and lower prospects for economic in the long run . As a result , such policies should be discontinued as soon as possible .
Peace Through Reconciliation in Afghanistan NEW YORK -- It may or may not be coincidental , but as US President Barack Obama 's military offensive in Afghanistan gets underway , Afghan President Hamid Karzai has at long last embarked on a serious effort at national reconciliation .
Now it 's `` pay back '' time , when the world lectures America about how to fix its no-longer-perfect economy .
After lording it over the world for so long , Americans should accept today 's rebukes with grace .
But if the rest of the world really wants to help , it should lecture America along the lines I suggest .
In many other countries , fiscal policy is crippled by confusion between short-term cyclical and long-term structural deficits .
And the best way to calm down is by taking the long view .
Rather than stemming further erosion of the national commitment to educate the next generation , Obama has shifted his focus to the long-term goal of balancing the budget -- even while the macroeconomic storm is still raging .
And , in order to move forward on long-term budget balance , Obama has appointed a fiscal arsonist , Republican ex-Senator Alan Simpson , as one of his fire chiefs -- one of the two co-chairs of his deficit reduction commission .
Partisans whose commitment to deficit reduction vanishes whenever political expedience dictates simply do not belong running bipartisan deficit-reduction commissions .
Yes , the liabilities of southern Europe 's private sector were speculative and potentially insecure ; but the region was part of the eurozone , and thus its governments ' debts were backed by the European Central Bank , which in turn was backed by the governments of France and Germany , which in turn were backed by the willingness of French and German taxpayers to pay for the long-run project of closer European integration .
As long as there is a clear global excess supply of goods and services -- as long as unemployment remains highly elevated and inflation rates are falling -- they are not doing enough .
These are problems that we have long known how to solve .
When the excess demand is for longer-term assets -- bonds to serve as vehicles for savings that move purchasing power from the present into the future -- the natural response is twofold : induce businesses to borrow more and build more capacity , and encourage the government to borrow and spend , thus bringing the supply of bonds back into balance with demand .
Yes , it argues , having governments spend more money and continue to run large deficits will increase the supply of bonds , and thus relieve excess demand for longer-term assets .
It will have relieved a shortage of longer-term assets by creating a shortage of high-quality assets , and so be in a worse position than it was before .
For nothing converts cyclical unemployment into structural unemployment more certainly than prolonged unemployment .
The size and duration of the excess unemployment of ex-construction workers might be substantial and long lasting .
We might see prolonged and high unemployment in the construction sector , and in regions that had seen the biggest previous construction booms .
But depression in the construction sector and unemployment among its ex-workers would be balanced by exuberance in the manufacturing sector , rising prices for manufactured goods , and long hours and high wages for manufacturing workers
Cameron 's government used to claim that its policies would produce a boom by bringing a visit from the Confidence Fairy that would greatly reduce long-term interest rates and cause a huge surge of private investment spending .
The lending allows the necessary medium - and long-term spending cuts and tax increases to be undertaken at a more appropriate time .
No such government today , I said , could or would tolerate any prolonged period in which the unemployment rate was kissing 10 % and inflation was quiescent without doing something major about it .
The Fed can not reduce short-term interest rates below zero , so it is attempting via this policy of `` quantitative easing '' to reduce longer-term interest rates .
The working classes can vote , economists understand and publicly discuss nominal income determination , and no influential group stands to benefit from a deeper and more prolonged depression .
Shortage of demand for currently produced goods and services and mass unemployment no longer loom as the region 's biggest macroeconomic problems .
The Industrial Revolution started in the English midlands and Belgian forests -- regions endowed with coal , canals -LRB- along which barges could carry the coal -RRB- , and skilled metalworkers -LRB- who could build coal-burning steam engines -RRB- .
But the affinity between Islamic attitudes , rulers , merchants , and craftsmen that made Cairo , Damascus , Baghdad , and Samarkand jewels of High Medieval urban civilization vanished long ago .
Since long before Croesus , King of Lydia , came up with the game-changing idea of standardized `` coinage , '' what governments have done and not done to structure , nudge , and put their thumbs on the scales has been decisively important for economic development .
The decisions to build an interstate highway system -LRB- and to spend most of that money on suburban commuter roads -RRB- and to jump-start the long-term mortgage market -- reflecting the widespread belief that General Motors ' interests were identical with America 's -- literally reconfigured the landscape .
By contrast , General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt , recently appointed by Obama to lead the President 's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness , runs a company that has long since narrowed to executives , investors , and financiers .
Indeed , I believe that things are even worse : as long as aggregate demand remains low , we can not even tell which pieces are right side up .
Here is the most interesting part of Summers ' long answer : `` There is a lot in -LRB- Walter -RRB- Bagehot that is about the crisis we just went through .
From 2003-2006 , annual construction spending rose to a level well above its long-run trend .
Thus , by the start of 2007 , the US was , in essence , overbuilt : about $ 300 billion in excess of the long-run trend in construction spending .
But their profitability depended on two shaky foundations : a permanent fall in long-term risky real interest rates , and permanent optimism about real estate as an asset class .
If America does recover to the previous long-run trend , the next decade will likely witness a construction boom that puts the mid-2000 's boom in the shade .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
America faces long-run and short-run problems : decaying infrastructure , weakening educational systems , and a dysfunctional health-care system that produces sub-standard outcomes at twice the cost of any other industrial country .
Solving any of these three problems would go a long way toward resolving the long-run financing imbalance between current tax rates and America 's long-run social-insurance promises that the debt-ceiling debate 's instigators supposedly want to address .
Six months that could have been spent boosting the long-run growth potential of the American economy through infrastructure investment , educational reform , or an overhaul of health-care financing -- greatly easing America 's long-run deficit and debt dilemmas in the process -- have been lost .
Over the past century -- with the notable exception of the Great Depression -- the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
There is more : state and local budget-cutting has slowed America 's pace of investment in human capital and infrastructure , adding a third percentage point to the downward shift in the country 's long-term growth trajectory .
That is no longer true .
The world in the future will be a riskier place than we thought it was -- not because government will no longer offer guarantees that it should never have offered in the first place , but rather because the real risk that one 's customers might vanish in a prolonged depression is back .
Perhaps that would be enough to reassure everyone that policymakers ' current acquiescence in a prolonged slump was a horrible mistake that will not be repeated .
Summers could have used the same metaphor to criticize the United States , where the continued focus on the long-run funding dilemmas of social insurance is sucking all of the oxygen out of efforts to deal with America 's macroeconomic and unemployment crisis .
Rapid productivity growth is-in the long run-good news for America : a higher-productivity economy is better at enhancing human welfare .
In the long run , this is also good news for America 's trading partners : there is more value to be gained by trading with a richer economy than with a poorer one .
The continuation of rapid US productivity growth through the recent recession and into the subsequent low-wattage recovery is a very strong piece of evidence that America 's long-run rate of GDP and productivity growth has shifted upward permanently , or , if not permanently , at least for a period of time likely to be measured in decades .
How long will the rest of the world continue to finance America 's external deficit ?
I used to think that the US current account deficit would stop when the rest of the world `` balanced up '' -- when Japan recovered from its decade-long stagnation , and when Western Europe restructured its economy , boosting aggregate demand and reducing its unemployment rate to some reasonable level .
As the late Rudi Dornbusch -LRB- who preceded me as the author of this series of commentaries -RRB- used to say , unsustainable capital inflows always last much longer than economists , who tend to focus firmly on the fundamentals , believe possible .
That mass delusion , Dornbusch argued , keeps the inflow going long after it should come to an end .
The fact that so much of the risk from a decline in the dollar falls on those investing in America means that the capital inflow has already gone on much longer than any fundamentals-watching economist -- including me -- would have believed possible .
Start with economic policy and the deliberate unbalancing of the US government 's long-term finances .
But broken eggs do not necessarily make an omelet : Bush 's massive -LRB- and still growing -RRB- fiscal deficits have stimulated nothing but jitters about a prolonged slowdown in capital formation , household consumption , and economic growth .
As the University of Chicago 's Dan Drezner puts it , the logic of Bush 's National Security Strategy is to `` prevent other great powers from rising , in order to ensure the long-term growth of freedom , democracy , and prosperity . ''
What could it possibly mean other than `` try to keep China and India desperately poor for as long as possible '' ?
It is long past time for a complete change of personnel at all levels of the Bush administration .
Economists and historians will long debate the contrast between the economic policies of the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush .
The Clinton administration took office with remarkably few cards , and the cards it held were dreadful : a long-term legacy of extremely slow economic growth , huge federal budget deficits created by the Ronald Reagan\/George H. W. Bush administrations of 1980-1992 , a relatively high `` natural '' rate of unemployment , and growing inflationary pressure .
He also worked for a president who cared deeply about policy as well as politics -- and who was willing to be convinced , at least most of the time , that good policy would turn out in the long run to be good politics .
More important than short-run cycles , however , are long-run trends .
The lesson is that governments , firms , investors , workers , and parents worldwide should begin betting on the long-run trends that have become visible over the past decade .
Angell 's argument was simple : in all prolonged modern industrial wars , everybody loses .
Back in the early 1990 's , American officials like me who were making long-term forecasts for the Clinton administration cautioned that it would be rash to forecast an average long-run growth rate of more than 2.5 % per year - and that actual growth might turn out to be even slower .
During the late 1990 's , the US had an amazingly long run of economic good luck , assisted by some very good institutions and some quite good economic policies .
The late Rudiger Dornbusch - who used to write this column - used to say that unsustainable situations lasted longer than economists who believed in market rationality and equilibrium could imagine possible . They then tended to collapse more quickly than anyone could believe .
· Fourth , market bulls , encouraged by theories of a `` new economy '' that justify the extraordinarily good returns seen in the recent past , keep buying and keep the currency suspended above economic fundamentals even longer .
High oil prices also threaten to slow long-term productivity growth .
At $ 60 a barrel , expect the `` measured '' long-term rate of potential world output growth to slow by roughly 0.3 % per year .
What will the unemployed - especially the long-term unemployed with only dim memories of integration into the world of work - do with themselves and their time ?
Inflation no longer threatens anyone 's savings .
Unless a future government is bold enough to violate the pact with abandon , its only alternative will be to increase taxes , which would merely prolong the very downturn in private-sector demand that has kept unemployment high .
The Republicans magnified their economic quackery by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of America 's social-insurance system , largely to deflect attention from the fact that Bush threw away the budget surpluses President Clinton had bequeathed him - and with them what may have been the country 's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster .
In the generation after World War II , you could secure a blue-collar unionized manufacturing job or climb to the top of a white collar bureaucracy that offered job security , relatively high salaries , and long , stable career ladders .
The typical American employer is no longer General Motors .
The second highest priority problem is figuring out what to do in the long term with Medicare and Medicaid .
The third most serious problem is to put the US government 's General Fund budget on a sustainable basis , so that the non-Social Security government can finance itself and meet its commitments after the date -- around 2020 -- when it can no longer borrow from the Social Security Trust Fund .
Those of us who know that long-run fiscal imbalances are likely to end in disaster -- high inflation , deep recession , financial crisis , or all three -- scratch our heads in bemusement at the priorities of George W. Bush and his administration .
The second most serious problem is the looming long-term explosion in the costs of America 's health care programs .
Many of them will also be desirable : longer , healthier , and higher quality lives as we learn more about the details of human biology .
Why , worldwide , did median standards of living stagnate for so long ?
Two centuries later that was no longer the case : by the end of the nineteenth century , median living standards in Britain and other countries to which the Industrial Revolution had spread were , for the first time in recorded history , light-years above any neo-Malthusian benchmark of subsistence .
These two factors -- low mortgage rates , and the fact that the country has filled up so much that our cars no longer marginalize location costs -- go a long way toward explaining the surge in housing prices over the past decade or so .
This would mean a depression not just for the US , but for Asia and probably Europe as well , for the US can remain the world 's importer of last resort and guarantor of effective demand only as long as its domestic consumption is strong .
On one hand , because it covered only those countries projected to emit roughly half of the world 's greenhouse-gas emissions by mid-century , it was not an effective long-run safeguard against the dangers of global warming .
In short , the Kyoto agreement meant lots of short-term pain for little long-run gain .
First , the world 's industrial core must create incentives for the developing world to industrialize along an environmentally-friendly , C02 - and CH4-light , path .
Milton Friedman was not the most famous and influential economist in the world &#45; &#45; that honor belongs to John Maynard Keynes . But Milton Friedman ran a close second .
To Keynes 's framework , Friedman added a theory of prices and inflation , based on the idea of the natural rate of unemployment and the limits of government policy in stabilizing the economy around its long-run growth trend -- limits beyond which intervention would trigger uncontrollable and destructive inflation .
Wolf , for example , argues that financial markets have adopted a head-in-the-sand focus on the `` long run of small gains , '' ignoring the `` occasional calamity '' in advance , while losses will be attributed after the fact to `` unforeseeable bad luck . ''
But , in the 1970 's , investors in American stocks and long-term bonds lost half their principal , and even investors in short-term American debt were down by 20 % in real terms by the end of the decade .
But if the Fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead , American equities will suffer .
But , the argument went , the Fed could not say that this was what it was doing in clear and transparent language , for , if voters and politicians could understand central bankers , they would then force them into following destructive inflationary policies that would be worse for everyone , at least in the long run .
There seems to be general agreement today that this argument no longer applies , if it was ever truly valid .
Voters and politicians today , it seems , fear inflation and are willing to accept occasional economic recessions and unemployment above its natural rate as unfortunate but inevitable consequences of the necessary and beneficial pursuit of long-term price stability .
The debate about monetary policy can thus be fruitful and productive even if it is no longer restricted to those who have learned `` Greenspanese . ''
Nominal bonds are not well hedged against inflation , and , over the long run , assets that are claims to cash without effective control are highly vulnerable to financial vultures .
Deals like China 's investment in Blackstone postpone that backlash , but not for long : $ 3 billion is equivalent to what China accumulates in reserve in less than three working days .
Moreover , today 's global imbalances and misaligned real exchange rates threaten to bring on not just mild recession , but significant and prolonged depression .
Yet , so far , none of these events -- aside from Japan starting in the early 1990 's and the failures of transition in the lands east of Poland -- has caused a prolonged crisis .
Economists have proposed three explanations for why macroeconomic catastrophes have not caused more human suffering and deranged long-run economic growth over the past generation .
Today , the smart money in financial markets takes a long-term view that asset prices are for the most part rational expectations of discounted future fundamental values .
The reason is that healthy spending and production no longer depend only on the soundness of the banking system and public confidence in its stability .
He would have served the country and the world better had he been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bush 's political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of America 's long-term fiscal stability .
But Latin America and Asia will start to feel distress as well , as the decade-long US role as the global economy 's importer of last resort comes to an end .
As long as imbalances of world trade and capital flows unwind slowly and smoothly , the magnitude of any global economic distress should be relatively small . Of course , it will not seem small to exporters and their workers who lose their American markets , or to Americans who lose access to cheap capital provided by foreigners .
Four years ago , I would have said that the principal source of international economic disorder was made in America . That has passed as a result of the dollar 's decline and the ebbing political strength of right-wing populist factions in the US that seek ever-greater redistribution to the rich fueled by ever-increasing tax cuts and ever-rising long-term deficits .
A US in recession would no longer serve as the world 's importer of last resort , which might send the rest of the world into recession as well .
The large gap between US and foreign long-term interest rates that should emerge from and signal expectations of a falling dollar does not exist .
In this case , what is bad for economists is good for the world economy : we may be facing a mere episode of financial distress in the US rather than sky-high long-term interest rates and a depression .
Long-term interest rates could be pushed significantly lower if the Federal Reserve were to undertake the unprecedented step of mammoth purchases of long-term government bonds .
Looking further out , US fiscal policy 's long-run problems will become increasingly visible and urgent : there is not even a hint of a plan for reconciling the long-term costs of the social insurance state with American taxpayers ' limited patience with high taxes .
The consequence has been a loss of morale among those of us who trusted market forces and social-democratic governments to prove Marx wrong about income distribution in the long run -- and a search for new and different tools of economic management .
That way , shareholders and investors could properly judge whether the advice given and the investments made were in fact sound in the long run rather than just reflecting the enthusiasm of the moment .
Fiscal deficits so large that they put the debt-to-GDP ratio on an explosive upward trend do not merely act as a drag on long-term economic growth ; they also create the possibility that at any moment the economy might face an immediate macroeconomic and financial disaster .
A more hawkish fiscal stance may no longer be possible in future Democratic administrations , and might not be good policy if it were , given the likely complexion of successor administrations .
The Clinton Administration and the IMF educated financial markets about countries that they believed were following sound policies and that had bright long-run growth prospects .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
Less enthusiasm about housing means that manufacturing firms will no longer be squeezed when they seek capital to expand .
Rudi Dornbusch was right : imbalances can last for longer than economists believe possible .
We also had the long slide from 1977-1982 that followed a 40 % collapse from 1973-1975 .
All these arguments apply only to long-term investors who can afford to wait out another 40 % decline in values and keep their money invested until perceived risk drops . -LRB- And if perceived risk never drops than you have worse things to worry about than the performance of your portfolio . -RRB-
We liked the stocks in our portfolio a year ago for their long-term prospects . Today 's short-term crisis does not materially alter their long-term prospects .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot-com bubble in 2000-2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name `` recession . ''
· Short-run economic policy should be left in the hands of the central bank , with the legislature and the executive focusing on the long run and keeping their noses out of year-to-year fluctuations in employment and prices ;
· Central banks should influence asset prices through normal open-market operations -- by buying and selling short-term government securities for cash , thus changing the `` safe '' interest rate and the price of longer-duration assets ;
This is the doctrine that Krugman argues is no longer sufficient for our age . And he has a very good case .
Moreover , the highest priority for central banks can no longer be to maintain their credibility as guardians of price stability , but rather their credibility as guardians of the financial system 's stability and soundness .
Nor is it any longer accepted that such actions will be sufficient .
I can also understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents who believe that the short-run stimulus effect of the plan will be small , while America 's weak fiscal position implies a large long-run drag on the economy from the costs of servicing the resulting debt .
Nationalism has long been a powerful cause of political violence .
Central bankers have long recognized that it is imprudent to lower interest rates in pursuit of full employment if the consequence is an inflationary spiral .
Rather , Greenspan 's mistake -- if it was a mistake -- was his failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
And sometimes it is simply a long run of good fortune , which leaves the market dominated by unrealistic optimists .
But I do think that modern macroeconomists need to be rounded up , on pain of loss of tenure , and sent to a year-long boot camp with the assembled monetary historians of the world as their drill sergeants .
The Economic Policy Institute reports a poll showing that Americans overwhelmingly believe that the economic policies of the past year have greatly enriched the bankers of Midtown Manhattan and London 's Canary Wharf -LRB- they really are n't concentrated along Wall Street or in the City of London anymore -RRB- .
That is the only time when -LRB- a -RRB- a financial crisis caused a widespread , lengthy , and prolonged reinforcing chain of bank failures , and -LRB- b -RRB- the government neither intervened nor passed the baton to a consortium of private banks to support the system as a whole .
A stronger argument , though not by much , is that the fiscal stimulus is boosting employment and production , but at too great a long-run cost because it has produced too large a boost in America 's national debt .
Or perhaps a long run of good fortune has left the financial market dominated by cockeyed optimists , who have finally figured that out . Or perhaps it stems simply from unreasoning panic .
It is subject to what Milton Friedman called `` long and variable lags . ''
The long-term nominal and real Treasury rates continue to be absurdly low , so much so that I rub my eyes whenever I see them .
One must go back to the Qing Dynasty -LRB- 1644-1912 -RRB- and its 60-year era of `` heavenly flourishing '' -LRB- Qianlong -RRB- in the eighteenth century to find a comparable period of coherent political and economic policy .
The long-running `` economic miracles '' of South Korea and Hong Kong ended , as did surging growth in Indonesia and Thailand .
And the economic costs of restricted access to healthcare and education , on top of the scarcity of clear air and potable water , will be crippling in the mid - and long-term .
To speed the process , a new long-term strategy aimed at the underlying factors at work in North Korea -- and in relations with its rulers -- is needed .
The Balkan Stability Pact of 1999 and massive international support have helped rebuild local education , while developing innovative vocational education and training systems that should boost long-term employment .
But , in the case of Turkey , Europe has long been reluctant to provide the same sort of incentives and hopes .
The Unites States must think long-term and gently support the process , instead of toying with the misconceived notion of Turkey as part of a new `` greater Middle East . ''
Debt and inflation will reappear as medium-term problems , so it is critical that the fiscal ammunition used helps long-term productivity , growth , and sustainability .
This order was responsible for bringing more than 10,000 jihadi fighters to Afghanistan to fight alongside Taliban soldiers against the United States in 2001 .
Asia 's Questions for America 's Next President NEW YORK -- In one of the longest American Presidential campaigns in history , neither party has addressed one of the most critical issues of the day : how can the United States successfully integrate its domestic concerns with an increasingly competitive global marketplace ?
It is time for US citizens to commit themselves to working alongside the Obama administration to turn a new leaf in relations with the Muslim world .
For too long , the differences between the US and the Muslim world have been framed not in terms of diversity , but as the foundations of a permanent global conflict .
All too often , notions such as `` reserve agricultural land , '' or `` idle land , '' are manipulated out of existence , sometimes being used to designate land on which many livelihoods depend , and that is subject to long-standing customary rights .
It was just that the problem that the term was intended to solve no longer existed .
Though the Tigers can no longer destroy Sri Lanka 's democracy , fighting to the last guerrilla is in nobody 's interest .
Nevertheless , victory over the Tigers need not rule out some form of decentralization that guarantees the Tamils some political say , so long as a degree of local autonomy does not destroy Sri Lanka 's unity .
The alternative to such a political compromise may be a return to the tragic and bloody secessionist course that the Tigers sought for so long .
But if defending the status quo no longer seems possible , regime change incites its own fears .
· Reinforce anti-terrorist cooperation . The fight against terrorism , which requires short-term successes , must be differentiated from the long-term process of reform .
· Sustain long-term commitments . Initiatives such as the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership and the European Neighborhood Policy need sustained political engagement and resources if they are to work .
NATO 's attempt to change public perceptions of its objectives and operations is also in effect a long-term effort .
These have long been dominant questions in America 's strategic debate .
But as NATO 's Secretary General has said , if it is the mission that defines the coalition , then NATO - a permanent alliance - is no longer needed .
He therefore considers the revival of America 's alliances to be a key foreign policy priority , and he has proposed that US forces in Iraq should be integrated into a NATO operation , as long as this remains under US command .
Above all , the French and Dutch referendums confirmed that politics in the Union is now conducted `` on the street , '' and that it is no longer possible to `` construct '' Europe at a distance and by stealth .
It would be a mistake to believe that the deaths of thousands of civilians , along with arbitrary imprisonment and torture , do not contribute to the spread of terror in Iraq .
At the end of the 1980 's , some analysts thought rates as high as 120 might finally produce the long-sought equilibrium .
As this is constantly evolving in unpredictable ways , there is no reason to expect that the assumptions underlying any particular macroeconomic model will ever remain valid long enough for its steady-state solution to be achieved in practice .
Some expected to expand their plants so that they would no longer be counted as inefficient -- a stratagem explicitly prohibited by the regulations .
Leading companies are starting to understand how integrating these concerns into core business practices may hold the answer to sustainable long-term profitability in emerging markets .
The jury is still out on whether or not these new approaches deliver systemic change , and whether companies are adopting a `` serve '' rather than `` capture '' market strategy , but at least the issue of access to medicines is no longer being viewed at arm 's length .
It took a long time for people to notice that women 's eggs were required in large quantities for stem cell technologies : a phenomenon I call `` the lady vanishes . ''
Five other plaintiffs -- along with major medical bodies -- tell similar stories .
Although the gene 's function in causing breast and ovarian cancer was uncovered by Cancer Research UK in 1995 , Myriad , along with nearly 30 other defendants , argues that the patent is a necessary reward for its research costs .
Calm will not return to the Balkans so long as the UN and NATO fail to destroy extremism 's base in Kosovo .
Ethnically motivated murders are less common of late , but this can not be deemed a success so long as Kosovo 's non-Albanians remain isolated in enclaves protected by KFOR .
The worst of them do n't belong in Kosovo 's government but on trial with Milosevic in the Hague .
The view that the amount of energy derived from nuclear power worldwide will continue its slow decrease during the coming years is further supported by the 2008 annual report of the Euratom Supply Agency , which coordinates the long-term uranium needs of nuclear power plants within the European Union .
In his speech on February 1 , King Gyanendra said the Nepali people would have to temporarily give up democracy in order to save democracy , and many Nepalese will go along with that , at least for a while .
In the long run , however , the answer to Maoist totalitarianism is greater and more inclusive democracy , a vibrant free press , and civil liberties .
Six weeks into his war crimes trial in the Hague - a process expected to last two years - Slobodan Milosevic still casts a long shadow over Serbia .
Many think that the Serbs remain what they have so long been : paranoid , self-pitying nationalists in denial about their guilt .
Milosevic is gone , but so long as his trial is perceived as a show trial and not real justice , he will continue to distort our democracy .
The bullets that killed Djindjic may also have slain Serbian hopes for normalcy at the very moment that we were emerging from the nightmare of Slobodan Milosevic 's long misrule .
With relations in the region and with the West approaching something like normalcy , Serbs were beginning to feel , at long last , that they were finding peace with themselves and the world .
Djindjic 's murder shows that the situation is so dire that aid should no longer be strictly conditional on harsh reforms .
Appeasement cost millions of Jews and non-Jews their lives as England and France , allies at the time , negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that Hitler needed to be fought and defeated , because he could not be bound by toothless agreements .
We find ourselves faced with a conflict that will most likely last longer than any of the great military clashes of the last century -- a conflict conducted by an enemy that can not be tamed by `` tolerance '' and `` accommodation '' because that enemy is actually spurred on by such gestures .
The interpretation of sequencing data then developed along two dimensions .
The assumption was that random changes occur along all limbs of a genetic tree , but depending on the protein , only some small fraction survives .
By the time the Human Genome Initiative was launched at the end of the 1980 's , the amount of data was no longer the limiting factor in the development of new knowledge ; suddenly , managing it was .
In less than four years , President Bush and his advisers have cast aside much of the longstanding bipartisan consensus under which the United States works through and with multilateral institutions like the United Nations .
Failure to contain local outbreaks , develop tools and strategies for identifying and treating XDR-TB , and invest in longer-term improvements in TB control could transform our pharmacological magic bullets for TB into blanks .
Effective treatment and cure of MDR-TB requires prolonged use -LRB- typically two years -RRB- of a combination of drugs , including second-line drugs that for the most part are less potent than first-line agents , more toxic , or both .
In the end , Chancellor Schroder was given a fig leaf to hide his embarrassment in the form of the present managing director , Horst Kohler , whose main qualification for the job is being German , unlike his two predecessors De Larosiere and Camdessus , who were distinguished French inspecteusr de finances , i.e. they belonged to the cream of cream in the bureaucratic elite of France .
He predicted most of the crises that came along but that did not raise his popularity with the IMF 's board .
Over and over again , Turkey being the latest example , the IMF is mute for too long .
In any case , it is unlikely that Mr. Koizumi will get the chance to pursue the 5 or 10 year program of reform necessary to return the Japanese economy to normal growth . It will take that long , we know , from America 's experience in the 1980s .
Of course , not long ago the newly created Euro seemed to pose as a serious competitor to the dollar .
America 's long boom was no house of cards , no matter how hard those who scoffed at the `` New Economy '' wished it to be so .
Japan 's finances will remain stable only as long as Japanese households support the status quo by rolling over their holdings of government debt or by buying even more in the mistaken belief that such bonds remain plausible investments .
Policy responses to such economic shocks may be better nowadays than they were during the Great Depression -- for example , we know not to embark on a trade war should the Yen crash -- but no one knows how long and painful the process of correction will be .
The choice , of course , is no longer between socialism and capitalism .
Governments that operated along technocratic lines , and that viewed economic growth as a rising tide that lifts all boats , have vanished .
Unless something changes , there is little chance that the MDG targets can be sustained in the long run .
Widespread coverage has been achieved through UNITAID 's influence on the price of life-saving drugs : it guarantees a market through long-term commitments to purchase high volumes of medicines and diagnostics -- a commitment made possible by the sustainable and predictable funding of the `` air tax . ''
Besides investing large amounts of money , they hold futures contracts for a long time , which might make them less likely to react to changes in market fundamentals .
But he has long-term responsibilities - both to Mexicans in Mexico and to Mexicans in the US - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory .
The problem is no longer too much power in the president 's hands , but too much power in the hands of `` veto centers '' -- including public-sector unions -- that are blocking much-needed reforms , including in the health system .
Mexico has long considered itself the leader of Latin America , but Chile , Colombia , and the rising regional giant , Brazil , are increasingly leaving it behind .
It hid economic distortions , allowing successive governments to postpone needed structural reform as it financed the status quo . Mexico was able to float along , buoyed by billions of dollars of oil revenue , without having to swim more quickly or forcefully than its competitors in the sea of emerging markets .
For too long , government officials have tinkered with Mexico 's economic structure through piecemeal reforms that seek to ensure political stability , but that do not address the key obstacles to greater innovation and competitiveness .
The world will have to get used to the fact that Russia is no longer a feeble country .
Military bases have been impetuously established along Russia 's perimeter .
But , while much more needs to be done to meet the immediate needs of this famine 's victims , we should also be thinking now about long-term solutions to preclude food crises on this scale from happening in the first place .
We have the tools to prevent food crises by making smart , long-term investments in agriculture .
At a time of intense debate over budgets , people around the world must remember that these kinds of investments not only save lives , improve livelihoods , and promote stability , but also save money in the long run .
Countless other international initiatives are also underway that reflect a wider revolution in thinking about nuclear weapons -- a revolution that is welcome and long overdue .
This helps to explain why we are seeing new demands to start good-faith negotiations on nuclear disarmament , as has long been required by the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
It is now mainstream -- a fitting subject for even die-hard realists to consider and no longer a cause promoted by peace groups alone .
Over and over , we see that an analysis of the costs and benefits of altruism , along with the genetic relatedness of interactants , allows us to predict the presence or absence of altruism .
Amazingly enough , it was Bill Hamilton , along with the political scientist Robert Axelrod and the evolutionary biologist Robert Trivers , who formalized the models behind the evolution of reciprocity .
In 1951 , French Prime Minister Rene Pléven proposed establishing a European Defense Community -LRB- EDC -RRB- alongside the ECSC .
He described it as a means for creating a `` fusion of interests ... that will be the leavening from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by bloody conflicts . ''
Against this background , it seems inconceivable that the EU should refuse to support an EMU member in a situation similar to that of Hungary and Latvia , especially as all the countries that are currently on market watch lists are long-time EU members .
So long as a national government is not running more than a modest deficit , a current-account deficit reflects the private sector 's borrowing from abroad -LRB- or the sale of previously accumulated foreign assets -RRB- .
China 's President Hu Jintao has just returned home from his first trip to Latin America , where he sought new long-term sources of supplies for his country 's booming economy .
We are also working on a project along these lines , reaching out to target populations with two-way new media such as the Internet and mobile phones , rather than harangues in newspapers and TV .
Most of these are harmless ; the really harmful ones do n't survive long enough to show up anywhere .
Transparency.com MOSCOW -- I have just returned to Star City -LRB- Russia 's spaceflight training center -RRB- from a long weekend in Moscow , and it struck me how much -- and how little -- has changed since I first came here 20 years ago , in the spring of 1989 .
As I passed an ad in the Moscow metro promoting advertising space for sale , I remembered hurtling down one of those same long , fast escalators sometime in the mid-1990 's with a pioneering advertising man .
Their tools can be used by anyone , in any country -- as long as they can get the data . With luck , the tools will foster demand for the data .
Real criminals wo n't be deterred , but such a system would prevent the rest of us from being pulled along or becoming victims .
To help things along , someone should file a lawsuit -- not too many ! -- against ISPs who tolerate misbehavior . The targets should be ISPs that willfully serve criminal customers , refusing to deal with complaints to the point that ignorance is no longer a legitimate excuse .
In Italy , inventor Roberto Vezzi had a Smart-EV project along the same lines .
More efforts along the lines of the EU 's `` Peace Laboratories '' are needed to stabilize conflict zones .
The global economic crisis , together with the growth of emerging markets , is putting Europe 's longstanding overcapacity problems firmly in the spotlight .
In the United States , literalist Christians with engineering backgrounds have long led opposition to Darwin 's theory of evolution .
While Microsoft could have kept the traditional '' . doc '' as its default format for MS Word , this would not have served its purpose : eventually , after enough of the world pays for Office 2007 , holdouts will be dragged along , kicking and screaming .
The Nobel laureate Ronald Coase answered that question long ago .
External crises have a long history in the region .
Only if growth is significantly faster over the long run will living standards for the vast majority of the region 's voters begin to rise .
What has not been avoided is a recession that will be deep , long , and global .
Indeed , with the recession possibly lasting 18 months or more -- which would make it the longest since World War II -- Argentina will be one of the hardest hit .
Mexico and Central America will also suffer from the long recession .
There was mention of a miracle , and many argued that Brazil would grow spectacularly like China and India , and no longer be the eternal country of `` the future . ''
For a while , everybody played politely along ; but the tricky double-think involved in this was exposed when the younger brother , Ed , won the leadership , by a razor-thin margin , in a last-minute upset .
In the longer run , OPEC will shift to pricing petroleum in a basket of currencies .
The longer-term consequences will not be savory , but they will be problems for another day .
It is no longer dominated by the Atlantic economies , so those economies should no longer dictate who holds the top jobs at the two Bretton Woods institutions .
With the US no longer viewed as a supplier of high-quality financial assets , one would expect the dollar to have weakened .
Like a long-married couple who habitually bicker and fight , the two ca n't seem to live together -- but they ca n't live apart , either .
But so long as big countries , which are the main source of spillovers , show little inclination to act on the Fund 's recommendations , it is not clear that this analytical step forward will be a practical step forward as well .
And , although China is aggressively promoting international use of the renminbi in trade settlements , it has a long way to go before its currency is attractive as a vehicle for foreign investment and holding reserves .
They can adopt a longer time horizon , because , unlike private fund managers , they do not have to satisfy impatient investors .
Indeed , there are good reasons for worrying that the US and other advanced countries will now be consigned to a long period of sub-par growth .
Another worry is that the crisis will create a hard core of long-term unemployed whose skills atrophy and who become stigmatized in the eyes of potential employers .
Everywhere , long-term unemployment became acute .
It makes it easier to eliminate budget deficits , and it makes it possible to increase education spending and to fund training schemes for the long-term unemployed .
Over the long course of British modernization , the industrial classes were absorbed into the establishment .
Oxford and Cambridge , established long before the industrial era , produced eminent philosophers and historians , but too few scientists and engineers .
Bondholders can be given a choice between par bonds with a face value equal to their existing bonds but a longer maturity and lower interest rate , and discount bonds with a shorter maturity and higher interest rate but a face value that is a fraction of existing bonds ' face value .
Europe 's inflation problem was a byproduct of its central banks ' reluctance to tighten policy more aggressively , and European countries ' hesitancy to let their currencies rise , reflecting their long-standing commitment to export-led growth .
The US could no longer run balance-of-payments deficits `` without tears . ''
That means that there are no private markets for SDRs , and creating such markets would be a long , hard slog .
The bad news is that ten years is a long time . If recent history is any guide , salvation could still be three crises away .
It is conceivable , therefore , that Europe will have two currencies , the euro and sterling , in the long run .
Under the Brady Plan , an accounting rule called FASB 15 allowed restructured loans to continue to be booked at their original face value , so long as the sum of interest and principal payments on the restructured instrument at least equaled that on the original credit .
The Yale University economist Robert Shiller has long argued that national governments should issue GDP-linked bonds as a safer way to borrow , but convincing them has been difficult .
But , as John Maynard Keynes famously quipped , `` In the long run , we are all dead . '' European leaders ' continued focus on the long run at the expense of short-term imperatives may indeed be the death knell for their single currency .
One view is that their surpluses were a corollary of the policies favoring export-led growth that worked so well for so long . China 's leaders are understandably reluctant to abandon a tried-and-true model .
Even in Europe , with its long history of cooperation , surveillance and conditionality are outsourced to the IMF .
Its members , with statutory independence and long terms in office , could function like the monetary policy committee of a central bank .
This made sense so long as the IMF 's resources were limited , as the application process allowed the Fund to limit its liability .
But , with the tripling of resources , this rationale no longer exists .
If , in the long run , a supra-national unit , the Special Drawing Right , is to replace national currencies in international use , then the Fund will need to guide its development .
Italy , meanwhile , failed to use the significant windfall from the steep decline in long-term interest rates caused by the introduction of the euro and a decade of rapid economic growth to repair its debt position . Italy 's debt barely budged and stayed well above 100 % of GDP .
If it keeps its interest rate too low for too long , countries like Germany and the Netherlands will protest .
The following decade turned out to be one of , first , the war on terror and , later , the worst financial and economic crisis in almost a century -- a time when virtually every developed economy experienced a long and deep recession .
Moreover , low long-term interest rates are a thing of the past .
But even if the world economy is on course to a firm recovery , the long-term trend has been severely and permanently disrupted .
Change in the global economy , from a decade of high structural growth to a long period of low growth , is playing a major role as well .
The opposition to the Nice Treaty was and continues to be a bizarre Irish Stew of pacifism , religion , and socialism , along with some fascinating local eccentricities .
As long as such choices do not impose unreasonable or unbearable burdens on others , these democratic choices merit full respect .
One day , the country is on the brink of a double-dip recession ; the next , it is on the verge of a turbo-charged recovery , powered by resilient consumers and US multinationals starting to deploy , at long last , their massive cash reserves .
The longer the policymaking impasse persists , the greater the stall-speed risk for an economy that already has an unemployment crisis , a large budget deficit , many underwater mortgages , and policy interest rates floored at zero .
And it undermines the operational assumptions that underpin the long-standing characterization of the US economy as vibrant and responsive .
High and intractable unemployment has serious negative long-term consequences that threaten to become exponentially worse .
Substantial international research shows that the longer one is unemployed , the harder it is to get a job .
This erodes an economy 's skills base and saps its long-term productive capacities .
Unfortunately , the problem is much deeper , as it was long in the making .
As the boom turned into a prolonged bust , the longer-term inadequacies of the job situation have become visible to all who care to look ; and they are alarming .
And it must do so while better protecting the long-term unemployed , many of whom bear little responsibility for their current , once unthinkable , and unfortunately long-lasting predicament .
· The global economy overall will hobble along , continuing its gradual transition from a uni-polar to a multi-polar world .
And the longer America 's politicians take to resolve the debt-ceiling issue , the greater the risk of an inadvertent accident .
This brings us to a third , and even more unsettling possibility : a longer and more protracted negotiation , resulting in greater disruptions to government entitlement payments , other contractual obligations , and public services .
Only chaos-lovers wish for such an outcome , but it is possible if core governments continue to hesitate in engaging their balance sheets ; if peripheral governments abandon their fiscal-reform efforts ; and\/or if societies can no longer tolerate economic stagnation , high and rising unemployment , and budget austerity .
This sharp balance-sheet improvement has been instrumental in enabling emerging countries to bounce back strongly from the 2008-2009 global financial crisis , whereas the West continues to hobble along .
In this scenario , rather than stimulating domestic demand , they would fortify their defenses , positioning themselves for a long and stormy winter for the global economy .
They will hope for a short winter for the global economy , but they will plan and position for a long one .
The first was that Russia has reestablished a `` sphere of interest '' in Europe , where countries are no longer allowed to pursue their own goals without Moscow accepting them .
That it why it will continue to haunt us , continue to disturb normal relations between the countries in this region with so much unused potential , as long as we do not deal with it in a forthright manner .
What are the EU 's long-term interests vis-à-vis Turkey ?
Atrocities cast long shadows .
So long as these men remain at large , the shame over Srebrenica will stick to the international community .
They were in Tuzla awaiting the long and laborious process of identifying the remains .
So long as General Mladic and his henchmen do not join Mr. Milosevic in The Hague , we can not believe that the FRY really belongs in the company of democratic European states in respect to the rule of law .
Western Europe 's long-held position as the world 's most important concentration of military power after the United States and Russia appears to be over .
Somewhat more promising is the possible invitation to India to participate in developing , alongside France , Germany , and Britain , the new joint Euro-fighter .
Political leaders will have to tell their constituents that there are limits to how much military budgets can be cut , as the `` peace dividend '' from the Cold War 's end was digested long ago .
I have long worked to secure a `` much more common '' foreign policy within the EU . Therefore I am worried by today 's split within the EU as well as between some member countries and the US over Iraq .
The history of Franco-German reconciliation is impressive indeed . But it can no longer be taken for granted that other EU countries will automatically ratify the agreements that they reach between themselves as the lodestar for common policies .
Their deaths are easier to stomach , and to justify , so long as airmen and soldiers , and the public watching at home , believe the violence was at least directed against evil incarnate .
History offers a recipe for success , so long as Americans adhere to the lesson of 1989 .
No one could question the government 's legitimacy so long as prosperity expanded .
Twitter , which lets people send bite-size messages to large groups , allows Chinese to quickly disseminate urgent news or even uncomfortable facts . `` Twitter can create a faster information flow than any official agency , '' says Michael Anti , a journalist in Beijing who has long been at the forefront of the Chinese Internet movement .
Complex technologies , regional trends in the style and decoration of tools , use of pigments , abstract and representational depiction , burials , grave goods , and personal ornaments are among the more common long-lasting creations that attest to the complex symbolic nature of ethnographically recorded human cultures .
For example , elongated stone blades are found not only at Neanderthal sites in Europe and the Near East , but also at sites inhabited by Moderns in the Near East and Africa since at least 100,000 years ago .
If the fact that we are the only human species left on earth is the result of an historical accident rather than Darwinian competition , we can open our minds and accept that we share some of our `` culture '' with both our living and no longer living relatives .
Of course , electorates have been cheated , bribed , and blackmailed for as long as there have been elections .
This manner of governance bodes well neither for economic growth nor democracy in the long term .
Far more than Nazism , Communism belongs to our common European heritage .
And , as long as oil prices were growing faster than Russian salaries , those in power could still grab a big slice of the profits .
And , with Cold War tensions long past , it is all too easy for policymakers and publics to resist the doomsayers , be complacent about the threats that these weapons continue to pose , and to regard attempts to eliminate them , or contain their spread , as well-meaning but futile .
But the truth is that it is sheer dumb luck -- not statesmanship , good professional management , or anything inherently stable about the world 's nuclear weapon systems -- that has let us survive so long without catastrophe .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
The more positive argument -- as Rabin would certainly have understood -- is that it is overwhelmingly in Israel 's own interest to defuse this issue by accepting , once and for all , that Palestinian statehood is an indispensable requirement of its own long-term peace and security .
With progress like this , it is no longer fanciful to hope that never again will there be another Holocaust , Cambodia , Rwanda , or Srebrenica .
I have learned from long experience that to be optimistic about almost anything in international affairs is to run the risk of being thought ignorant or naïve , if not demented .
But , on the issue of mass-atrocity crimes -- where the international community has long had good reason for shame -- real optimism is now justified . That is very good news indeed .
Pessimists and skeptics have plenty to point to in Iran 's long record of obstruction and brinkmanship in addressing legitimate international concerns about its nuclear programs .
The hope was that states ' failure to protect their inhabitants would no longer be seen as nobody else 's business , as had been the case for centuries , but as the entire world 's concern .
But their practical utility , combined with long philosophical pedigree , justifies much greater visibility .
So long as nuclear weapons remain , states can justify maintaining a minimum nuclear-deterrent capability .
For a long time , however , there has been doubt in Australia about how much real across-the-board commitment there was to the underlying message that racial vilification anywhere , anytime , by anyone , in any context , is simply unacceptable .
If the EU is to progress beyond the limits of a common economic and monetary policy and develop a defense and security policy along with a common foreign policy , the UK must be on board .
In the long run , the UK risks serious isolation if the euro zone starts to exert even greater power .
The euro would , however , have to be accepted as legal tender in the UK , alongside the pound , and in the commonwealth countries , and this would demand close cooperation between the Bank of England and the ECB .
The Saturn model puts the present fierce debate on enlargement and the borders of Europe into a totally different context , because the core countries would no longer find themselves being asked to accept a Europe divided into different classes of member states .
Although an Atlantic Monetary Union -LRB- between the US and the EU -RRB- is a long-term prospect , it should be considered as a grand design for the future .
However , while General de Gaulle once spoke of a Europe stretching from the Atlantic to the Urals , defining Europe in purely geographical terms omits other criteria -- including the European social model and the scale of values on which it is based -- of what it means to `` belong '' to Europe .
Roughly 80 % of the total is going to public infrastructure such as subways , railways , and urban projects , which to a great extent should be counted as long-term public goods .
Indeed , they may be easily absorbed as long as annual GDP growth remains at 8-9 % and , most importantly , as long as local government borrowings are now contained .
If the adjustment came abruptly , Chinese companies would suffer a sudden loss of competitiveness and no longer be able to export .
Perhaps . But we need to remind ourselves that housing investment accounts for about 30 % of China 's total fixed investment , with much of the rest directed toward infrastructure -- that is , long-term , durable public infrastructure investments -- including subways , railways , highways , urban public facilities , and the national water system .
All such predictions have proved wrong , but the longer the story lasts , the more people forecast a bad end .
Moreover , investment in public infrastructure and urban facilities will not create industrial `` over-capacity '' ; instead , it will provide long-term public consumption durables that households and companies will use for years to come .
That is certainly the challenge for China in the long run .
China must recognize that high savings will not provide stable growth over the long run .
High domestic investment may for the time being prevent `` surplus savings '' from creating too much upward pressure on the external balance , but , given trends in China 's terms of trade , growth without an increase in domestic consumption is unsustainable over the long run .
Some people used to argue that as long as one factor of production -- i.e. , capital -- could move freely , the world could be equalized .
It takes a long time to bring education and better-paid jobs to everyone .
During this long period , some get rich first , which means that others lag behind .
BEIJING -- Not long after the United States Federal Reserve Board announced its second round of `` quantitative easing '' -LRB- known as QE2 -RRB- , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- , China 's central bank , announced two increases of 0.5 percentage points in the required reserve ratio -LRB- RRR -RRB- of bank deposits .
Money used by commercial banks to satisfy the RRR , which is held in accounts at the PBC , can no longer be extended as loans .
It is understandable that the Fed wants to boost demand as long as the US economy remains depressed .
For how long will this sterilization continue , and how far will it go ?
As a result , Chinese commercial banks can operate longer with a higher RRR than their counterparts elsewhere .
This goes a long way toward explaining why China 's urbanization has lagged : the system of land tenure -- which seems impossible to replicate in other developing countries -- ensures that the reservoir of labor for industrialization and urbanization remains located in country villages , rather than in city slums .
But , after long debate and hesitation , it is clear that policymakers seem ready to move into the next phase of urbanization by adopting new approaches .
But that remains a long-term strategic goal , not the stuff of presidential campaigns , especially when China seems too weak to pose any immediate threat to the US on any front in the foreseeable future .
It took China 's government a protracted sixteen years to negotiate its re-entry into the GATT\/WTO , but it soon showed its mettle by assuming joint leadership -LRB- along with Brazil , India , and South Africa -RRB- of the G-20 , a group of primarily dynamic developing countries that threw down the gauntlet to the industrialized powers at the Cancún WTO ministerial meeting in September 2003 .
We wish to see Israeli citizens living in peace and security alongside all their neighbors .
With moderates being marginalized , the long-term effect will be to undermine democratization efforts in the region .
This crisis , too , can be a stepping-stone for a long-term political solution involving all parties in the Middle East .
Rather than focusing on the major short - and long-term challenges facing the oil industry , the debate about peak oil diverts attention to the wrong problems .
But , in the long term , the challenge is how to make the transition to a new and sustainable energy path , and to evaluate the political , economic , social and climate costs associated with this transition .
The energy sector has a relatively slow rate of capital replacement because of the long lifetimes of much of its infrastructure .
Cost-benefit analysis -- balancing the cost of remedial action against the benefit of avoiding disaster -- is no longer permissible .
Today , under the terms of the ideas set out in that review , the US contemplates the first use of nuclear weapons , and seeks to integrate tactical battlefield nuclear weapons alongside conventional munitions .
As long as the US has a current account deficit , the stock of foreign-owned claims on the US economy must rise .
While aimed at reducing long-term environmental damage , cap-and-trade policies could produce significant harmful economic effects in the near term that would continue into the future .
Scientific evidence appears to indicate that the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere from the burning of fossil fuels -LRB- primarily coal , oil , and natural gas -RRB- -- mainly in electricity production , transportation , and various industrial processes -- contributes to gradual global warming , with long-term adverse effects on living conditions around the world .
A common suggestion is to impose a tax on all CO2 emissions , which would be levied on companies that emit CO2 in production , or that sell products like gasoline that cause CO2 emissions when used . Such a tax would cause electricity companies and industrial firms to adopt techniques that reduce their CO2 emissions , as long as the cost of doing so is less than the tax that they would otherwise have to pay .
More specifically , the rising unemployment rate , along with the large number of employees on involuntary part-time work , has increased the number of people who can not afford their monthly mortgage payments .
As a result , the recession has been deeper and longer than it would otherwise have been .
While the fiscal stimulus packages enacted in the past two years have been helpful in achieving the current rise in economic activity , the path of future deficits can do substantial damage to long-run growth .
Add to this the pledge not to raise taxes on anyone earning less than $ 250,000 and you have a recipe for large fiscal deficits as long as this president can serve .
There is a long history of legislating such spending cuts , only to reverse them in subsequent years .
Trade union power was permanently broken after long and painful national strikes .
Will the value of the dollar continue its long-term downward trend relative to other currencies ?
Large budget deficits have led to high inflation in countries that are forced to create money to finance those deficits because they can not sell longer-term government bonds .
The shift to a single currency meant that the individual member countries lost the ability to control monetary policy and interest rates in order to respond to national economic conditions . It also meant that each country 's exchange rate could no longer respond to the cumulative effects of differences in productivity and global demand trends .
Sustained budget deficits crowd out private investment , push up long-term real interest rates , and increase the burden on future taxpayers .
But such a strategy can work only in countries where the duration of the government 's debt is long and the interest rate on that debt is fixed .
The recent rise in the US household saving rate reversed a long-term decline that began 25 years ago .
These large foreign-exchange reserves are no longer held to buffer temporary trade imbalances .
First , some background . Japan was long famous for having the highest saving rate among the industrial countries .
The excess of national saving over investment not only permits Japan to be a capital exporter , but also contributes -- along with the mild deflation that Japan continues to experience -- to the low level of Japanese long-term interest rates .
And if Japan 's domestic net saving surplus vanishes , the current $ 175 billion of capital outflow would no longer be available to other countries , while Japan might itself become a net drain on global savings .
A significantly higher saving rate would help the US economy in the long run , but it would be a barrier to robust growth in the next few years .
So the key determinant of the dollar 's long-term value is that it must decline enough to shift the US trade balance from today 's deficit to a surplus .
The inflation differential between the dollar and the euro is now relatively small -- only about one percentage point a year -- but is greater relative to the yen and lower relative to the renminbi and other high-inflation currencies . Over the longer run , however , inflation differentials could be a more significant force in determining the dollar 's path .
CAMBRIDGE -- The tax package agreed to by President Barack Obama and his Republican opponents in the United States Congress represents the right mix of an appropriate short-run fiscal policy and a first step toward longer-term fiscal prudence .
The long-term implications of the agreement stand in sharp contrast both to Obama 's February 2010 budget proposal and to the Republicans ' counter-proposal .
What is true of the agreement is also true of the decision , as part of that agreement , to maintain unemployment insurance benefits for the long-term unemployed .
At the annual Fed conference at Jackson Hole , Wyoming in August , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke explained that he was considering a new round of quantitative easing -LRB- dubbed QE2 -RRB- , in which the Fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term Treasury bonds , thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities .
With no current-account surplus , China would no longer be a net purchaser of US government bonds and other foreign securities .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
But , even if that could be achieved , it would close the trade gap only for as long as Greek prices remained competitive .
The interest rate on 10-year government bonds fell to 3 % , and the stock market declined for six weeks in a row , the longest bearish stretch since 2002 , with a cumulative fall in share prices of more than 6 % .
All of this assumes that political leaders would select only a policy change that they think will be in their nation 's long-term interest .
Even with successful countercyclical policy , this recession is likely to last longer and be more damaging than any since the depression of the 1930 's .
The Black Hole in America 's GDP CAMBRIDGE -- The massive downturn in American 's economy will last longer and be more damaging than previous recessions , because it is driven by an unprecedented loss of household wealth .
Although long-term government interest rates are now very low , they are beginning to rise in response to the outlook for a sharply rising national debt .
The resulting increase in real long-term interest rates will reduce all forms of interest-sensitive spending , adding further to the economy 's weakness .
Or will something else come along to turn the economy around .
Some economists have said that the best way to deal with deflation is for the central bank to flood the economy with money in order to persuade the public that inflation will rise in the future , thereby reducing expected real long-term interest rates .
That advice would lead central banks to keep expanding the money supply and bank reserves even after doing so no longer lowers interest rates .
Nevertheless , their expansionary actions have helped to raise long-term inflation expectations toward the target levels .
Ironically , although central banks are now focused on the problem of deflation , the more serious risk for the longer term is that inflation will rise rapidly as their economies recover and banks use the large volumes of recently accumulated reserves to create loans that expand spending and demand .
But , by 1960 , euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom he had used to regain office but who now saw him as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime he had brought into being .
Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long-time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
Local militias achieved prominence and power in the Netherlands , beginning in 1568 during the long struggle against the Spanish Habsburgs , though they were again sidelined when the threat passed in the late seventeenth century .
Together , they have already cost more than America 's long war in Vietnam , but they have not increased public vigilance or political accountability at home .
All of this looks like classic right-wing revanchism . But within , or alongside it , is a new kind of populism , unclassifiable in traditional terms .
There can no longer be any reasonable doubt that Iran 's ambition is to obtain nuclear weapons capability .
In exchange for long-term suspension of uranium enrichment , Iran and other states would gain access to research and technology within an internationally defined framework and under comprehensive supervision by the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Even then , the international community would not have long to act .
Should Iran be attacked this year , the consequences will be borne first and foremost by the region , but also by Europe as the Middle East 's immediate western neighbor -- and they will be felt for a long time to come .
In the 1990 's , following its atrocities in Bosnia , Slobodan Milosevic 's Serb regime abolished Kosovo 's long-standing autonomy , suppressing the rights of the province 's overwhelming Albanian majority .
If the US followed its national interests , it would withdraw from Iraq as soon as possible , because the war can no longer be won .
These basic data have been known for a long time , and only a few deny that rapidly accelerating man-made climate change is occurring .
We can no longer get away with subsidizing economic growth and standards of living at the expense of the global environment .
Even Mother Nature has played along .
After a long winter and a non-existent spring , summer started promptly with the first kick-off -- and virtually overnight , Germany has flaunted its sunniest and most delightful side .
In fact , the flags of many nations fly alongside German .
It should also address questions of security , the termination of the decades-long state of war , and recognition of Israel by the Arab states .
As long as America remains the sole world power , the next US President will be neither able nor willing to change the basic framework of America 's foreign policy .
There is one certainty that Europeans can take home from the US election campaign even today : with a more multilaterally oriented US foreign policy , Europe wo n't be riding comfortably in the US world-political slipstream much longer .
Sovereignty was no longer based solely on power , but increasingly on law and respect for the rights of citizens .
With its establishment , resulting from long and terrible experience , the basic idea of modernity -- that the power of states and their rulers should be subject to the rule of higher law , thus placing individual rights above state sovereignty -- has taken a great step forward .
Before too long , Russia 's `` managed '' -LRB- read : authoritarian -RRB- modernization will also have to allow for the rule of law and a functioning separation of powers , or the country will remain dependent on oil and gas prices and mired in a brutal struggle for power , influence , and money .
Pakistan would , most likely , no longer be an isolated case .
The essential defect of the NPT is now visible in the nuclear dispute between Iran and the United Nations Security Council : the Treaty permits the development of all nuclear components indispensable for military use -- particularly uranium enrichment -- so long as there is no outright nuclear weapons program .
Solving this problem will require the internationalization of access to civilian nuclear technology , along with filling the security gap under the existing NPT and substantially more far-reaching monitoring of all states that want to be part of such a system .
The end of the Soviet Union also triggered a profound military crisis in many Arab states : without Soviet support as an external guarantor of their military capabilities , the nationalist regimes were no longer able to keep pace with military modernization .
The dominant conflict is no longer the Israeli-Palestinian struggle , but the threat of a confrontation between Iran and Saudi Arabia for sub-regional supremacy , and between Iran and the US for regional hegemony .
No matter what desperate rescue efforts will be undertaken , they can not hide the fact that the European Union has left the world stage as a serious foreign policy player for at least ten years -LRB- if not for much longer -RRB- .
Institutions , however , may be reformed if they no longer work , and this is exactly what the EU has been futilely trying to do for 20 years .
The process of enlargement will either be delayed or stopped completely , because the EU can no longer admit new members on the basis of the `` Nice constitution . ''
Germany has long seen its strategic interests from within the framework of an integrated EU .
A long-term blockade of a strong EU will necessarily change this viewpoint .
At any rate , comprehensive opt-outs are better than long-lasting blockades and disintegration of the European project .
Iranian spokesmen also indicate that there is an official awareness of Israel 's importance for a comprehensive regional solution , and that doing business with Israel is no longer inconceivable .
If Iran is serious , the result may be nothing less than the long awaited `` Grand Bargain '' -- a regional reconciliation of interests between Iran , on one side , and America , Europe , and the region 's US allies on the other .
Notwithstanding booming oil and gas revenues , its infrastructure remains underdeveloped , and successful economic modernization is a long way off .
Nevertheless , as a restored great power , the new Russia will for the time being attempt to ride in the slipstream of other great powers for as long as doing so coincides with its possibilities and interests ; it will concentrate on its own sphere of influence and on its role as a global energy power ; and it will otherwise make use of its opportunities on a global scale to limit America 's power .
For too long , the West has ignored Russia 's recovery of strength and was not prepared to accept the consequences .
A common market for goods and services could follow , along with a regional security system .
The EU needs an economic government for the deep and long crisis ahead . Germany , Europe 's biggest and most important economy , should lead the way decisively .
Faced with the gravest financial and economic crisis worldwide since the 1930 's , the Western industrial nations -LRB- including Russia -RRB- that previously dominated the world economy are no longer capable of coming up with an effective response .
And it is clear even now that this decision will have three long-term consequences .
From now on , the issues of skin color , eye shape , or gender will no longer play a deciding role for a candidate for high , or even the highest , office .
While Russia is no longer the superpower it was in the Soviet era , militarily it is still a great power , at least in Europe and Asia .
But this would require a Western policy based on long-term thinking and a self-confident and strong power position , because the Kremlin will perceive any sign of division and weakness as encouragement to return to Great Russian power politics .
The longer the crisis continues , the more obvious it becomes that the common currency and the ECB alone are not enough to defend the Common Market and European integration .
Moreover , the new EU member states in Eastern Europe , which have neither the economic strength nor the political stability of long-term members , are now beginning to take a nosedive .
The real economic recovery -- and this is the bad news -- came only with WWII and the long Cold War that followed .
The question of whether to use coal or nuclear power is simply no longer apposite : without a breakthrough in renewable energies , global energy demand can not be met , not to mention the dangers of a new Chernobyl .
It 's not just that there is fear in Berlin that any European solution would be much more expensive for Germany and take a lot longer ; this new form of German euroskepticism also shows a fundamental change of attitude amongst the overwhelming majority of Germany 's political and economic elite .
Europe today is no longer seen as the key project in German politics in which people are willing to invest an essential part of their political capital -- and thus of their own future .
But , while Europe no doubt remains important for asserting both common and national interests , it is no longer a project of the future .
In the long run , though , rule by bayonet rarely works .
Moreover , with the grand coalition gone , she will no longer be able to blame SDP 's obstructionism for her inaction .
Here , Germany and Poland will play a central role , for both belong to the EU 's six big member states and have the necessary strategic awareness of Ukraine 's importance for Europe .
The fiscal deficit must now be redressed resulted not just from internal financial imbalances , but also from a political system that for too long time has been in denial of reality , allowing the country to live beyond its means .
The populations in the countries that will have to foot the bill are unprepared for the reality check ahead of them , adding fuel to a years-long growth in Euro-skepticism , which now pervades all political camps .
If Germany no longer acts as the driving force of European integration , then European integration is a thing of the past .
If Germany no longer Europeanizes its more narrowly defined national interests , but pursues them as others do , the result will be a re-nationalization within the EU .
Turkish Northern Cyprus accepted UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan -LRB- massively supported by the EU -RRB- to resolve the long-standing conflict .
Admittedly , Turkey has a long way to go . But to endanger this process here and now , in full awareness of the possible costs , is an act of very costly stupidity on the part of the Europeans -- and stupidity is the worst sin in politics .
In European-Turkish relations , two trains are racing headlong towards each other .
Without the support of China and India , America 's Middle East policy can no longer succeed , but this support is only granted half-heartedly -- if at all .
Fortunately , this is no longer a realistic option .
After all , the evidence so far suggests that the crisis is here to stay for a long time , with unforeseen eruptions , such as the recent adversity in Greece and surrounding the euro , as well as inflation , stagnation , and populist rebellion .
Even today , the image of Turkey as the `` sick man of Europe '' is no longer accurate .
Ever since the change in government from Jacques Chirac to Nicolas Sarkozy in France and from Gerhard Schröder to Angela Merkel in Germany , Turkey has been strung along and put off by the European Union .
Many new developments have been set in motion in that entire region by the global economic crisis , and a new player , China -LRB- a long-term planner -RRB- , has entered the geopolitical stage .
These interests are unlikely to change for a long time .
For the Chinese leadership , this means that a growth rate of about 10 % per year will be essential for a long time .
Strategically , however , China and the US will have to rely on one another for a long time .
As a result , while Merkel may appear to be in charge of things in the EU these days , in reality she is no longer driving events , but rather being driven by them .
This could happen because , in the long run , the EU wo n't be able to withstand its conflicts of interest and the resulting process of `` renationalization '' in all member states without suffering grave damage .
Wherever you look , the price tag put on Europe these days is calculated in euros and cents and no longer in political and historical currency .
But the fundamental change of strategy within Germany 's European policy can no longer be overlooked .
Otherwise , they would recognize that the financial crisis has long become a political crisis threatening the EU 's very existence , and thus that a permanent crisis-resolution mechanism for debt-distressed members , while clearly needed , requires a permanent political crisis-resolution mechanism in order to succeed .
But it is n't as simple as that , because a continuation of the conflict -LRB- which is what `` forgetting about it '' would boil down to -RRB- would not only prolong what is a tragedy for both Palestinians and Israelis , but would also be too dangerous for the region .
Most ominously , the window of opportunity for a two-state solution could close for good , because realities on the ground will no longer allow it .
BERLIN -- For most Europeans , the Mediterranean is an annual object of longing -- the holiday idyll where they spend the best weeks of the year .
Add to this the fact that the Arab world 's nationalist regimes , which have calcified into militarized dictatorships , lost their popular legitimacy long ago .
Indeed , Tunisia is a stern test of the EU 's `` Mediterranean partnership '' -- a long-promoted policy that so far consists of little more than empty phrases .
Fourth , the nuclear crisis triggered by North Korea demonstrates that the US -- for the first time since the Cold War 's end -- is no longer the main player on the international scene and that its options are both limited and problematic .
If to the `` axis of evil , '' we add Afghanistan , Pakistan , Lebanon , Syria , Israel and the Palestinians , along with terrorism , the resulting picture is anything but hopeful .
Eastern Europe 's transformation after 1989 took a lot longer and was much more costly than originally envisaged .
Taken together , these constraints and analogies suggest that the West , particularly Europe , should focus on long-term assistance for the democratic and economic development of the Middle East 's reborn countries , and also on partnerships with all forces that support their countries ' democratization and modernization .
The West can no longer continue with Realpolitik as usual .
Fossil-fuel and nuclear energy belong to the technological utopias of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which were based on a belief in the innocence of the technologically feasible and on the fact that , at the time , only a minority of people worldwide , largely in the West , benefited from technological progress .
The crisis was always about much more than Greece : a disorderly insolvency there would threaten to pull other economies on the EU 's southern periphery , including some very big ones , into the fiscal abyss , along with major European banks and insurers .
But it makes little sense to insist on it as long as losses by banks that remain `` too big to fail '' could trigger a renewed financial crisis .
As long as the EU 's life-threatening political crisis continues , its financial crisis will continue to destabilize it .
For a long time , Merkel fought this new EU tooth and nail , because she knows how unpopular it is in Germany -- and thus how politically dangerous it is to her electoral prospects .
Security questions must be taken seriously , but they carry less and less weight , because a sufficiently long period can be left between the treaty 's conclusion and its full implementation to resolve them by mutual agreement .
But Israel 's current passivity -- with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country -- is likely to continue as long as Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu considers his coalition 's survival more important than a decisive peace initiative .
Given the current pace of change in the Middle East , we might not have to wait long for answers -- or for more questions .
So at stake is no longer just Iraq , but rather the future of the entire region .
Washington 's realization that Iraq can no longer be won or even stabilized unless the regional framework changes , has come late -- perhaps too late .
The political options for stabilizing Iraq , and the whole region , as well as for securing a long-term freeze of Iran 's nuclear program , have not yet been exhausted .
VIENNA -- Of the world 's almost seven billion people , about one billion are starving , owing to a long list of unfortunate local events and circumstances , together with steadily increasing demand , unpredictable weather patterns , and poor financial management .
People became aware of the need for truly global governance . And , at long last , a number of proposals emerged aimed at making such governance a reality .
Later , Phelps developed a long-term growth theory based on education and technical advances .
France needs a debate on European Union affairs , but only as long as it does not degenerate -- as is common in Europe -- into self-flagellation .
As long as urban areas are socially and economically deprived , communitarianism will only serve to mask the violation of the principle of equality .
So long as the ECB does not acknowledge the doubts now hovering around Europe 's economies , there is a risk of a crash .
The West has learned that , simply as a matter of self-censorship , not legal fiat , newspapers and other media outlets will not disseminate critical pictures of Muhammad , and the Pope will no longer make critical comments about Islam .
The prosecution in the Czech Republic of two 78 year old men -LRB- Milos Jakes , and Jozef Lenart -RRB- , both veterans of the Soviet invasion of 1968 , and the four-year-long trial in Vladivostok of Grigory Pasko , a Russian naval officer , suggest the earliest stages of a cycle where injured states respond to perceptions of betrayal with charges of treason .
But fears of `` enemies within , '' such as Russia 's Pasko , or the French , British , and other European Muslims who fought alongside the Taliban , are also gaining ground .
It is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the Secretary 's declaration that he would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if he can no longer be `` effective . ''
The longer-range consequence of this new modesty should be for Americans to become enthusiastic supporters not only of the UN but of the International Criminal Court .
At this stage , Iran still needs at least a year or longer to assemble one or two crude Hiroshima-type bombs .
So , to build a credible nuclear arsenal , Iran would need a decade or longer .
This tendency at times of economic downturn suggests that SWFs are not the long-term , stable shareholders of foreign firms that they -LRB- and some commentators -RRB- claim themselves to be .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
SAN DIEGO -- Not long ago , autism was among the rarest of disorders , afflicting only one child in every 2,000-5 ,000 .
Autism is no longer seen as an extremely disabling condition , and many creative and normally eccentric people have discovered their inner autistic self .
? A structural budget balance rule allows deficits only to the extent that the current price of copper is below its 10-year equilibrium or output is below its long-term trend .
New Zealand led the way for much of the world 's central banks with inflation targeting , along with many liberalizing reforms in the late 1980 's .
I would favor articulation of the principle that the necessary concrete steps toward long-term fiscal consolidation in advanced countries -- such as raising the retirement age or taking other steps today to reform public pensions -- need not require premature withdrawal of current fiscal stimulus ;
The problem may be that there are not many investors who want to take a long position on oil and Nigerian credit risk simultaneously .
Our research suggests that central banks pursue interventions with the greatest rigor when the exchange rate for their currency deviates strongly from longterm trends , in particular if the actual exchange rate and the purchasing power value of a currency become vastly different .
So long as these interests diverge , we should expect little coordination of foreign exchange policy between the two central banks .
Tomorrow is always treated as more important than next week , and next week prevails over next year , with no one seeking to secure the long-term future .
America 's current fiscal problems are rooted in a long period of unfunded spending .
As a result , China will not need a strong dollar in the long term .
The crisis in Europe 's southern neighborhood reflects a deep-seated transformation process that will have long-lasting consequences -- for the region , for Europe , and for the world .
We Europeans can not afford to turn our backs on our Arab friends along the far shores of `` mare nostrum . ''
Indeed , Libya has also just strengthened its relations with the EU : Seif al-Islam Gaddafi , the son of Libya 's long-serving ruler , Muammar al-Gaddafi , recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an Association agreement , giving Libyan goods access to European markets .
Nevertheless , drawing Libya deeper into international discourse , despite the possibility of roadblocks along the way , is a strategic decision that , now that it has been taken , the West must pursue with patience , perseverance , and constant nurturing .
Although many observers accept a degree of subjectivity in the literature and peace prizes , the science prizes have long been assumed to be an objective measure of excellence .
While movements in macroeconomic fundamentals may lead bulls to bid the value of a currency further above parity , they simultaneously become more concerned about a counter-movement back to parity -- and thus capital losses -- which moderates their desire to increase their long positions .
No one now denies that the past year 's sharp downswings in housing and equity prices , which followed long upswings -- far above historical benchmark levels -- helped to trigger and fuel the crisis .
Containing systemic risks , therefore , requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system , but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values . If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this , they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals .
One reason for this failure is that pillar 1 of the Basel II Agreement , which outlines how banks around the world should assess credit risks and determine the size of capital buffers , makes no explicit allowance for long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
But such revisions of Basel II are not enough , because bank portfolios -- especially those of international banks with large trading books -- are vulnerable to the risks stemming from long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
But it also recognizes that price swings can become excessive , in the sense that participants may bid asset prices far from levels that are consistent with their long-term values .
Today 's global crisis shows that we can no longer afford to ignore this vital factor .
John Locke 's `` Second Discourse on Government '' begins with a long polemic against Robert Filmer 's argument for the divine right of kings .
Democratic transitions need to be driven by societies that want democracy , and since the latter requires institutions , it is usually a fairly long and drawn out process .
They can also provide funding , advice , technical assistance , and yes , occasionally military force to help the process along .
Universities , along with churches , religious orders , guilds , and cities , were the original corporations .
A late convert to evolution , he was a lifelong skeptic about the theory 's political implications .
As with John Maynard Keynes 's notion that returns on public investment must be measured as the long-term consequence of other investments that it stimulates across the economy and society , so , too , with the knowledge generated by the humanities .
In its long history as the premier form of academic knowledge , the humanities were frequently criticized for their subversive character .
Indeed , universities may be the most consistently performing products of long-term capital investment , especially if one is inclined to think about social and economic `` investment '' in exactly the same terms .
The autonomy of these orders rested on a proven long-term ability to do more than expected with what they were given .
The Myitsone and Mekong incidents have now cast a shadow over these projects , fueling fear of a chain reaction that could wreck China 's two-decade-long effort to achieve deeper regional integration .
The Mekong incident tells another grim story . The river , which links five countries , has been long famous as a setting for trans-national crimes such as drug trafficking , gambling , and smuggling .
But China can best avoid similar tragedies not by flexing its muscles , but by building greater multilateral cooperation to combat transnational crime along the Mekong .
Otherwise , ruptures such as those at Myitsone and along the Mekong will recur , deepening China 's sense of isolation and panic .
Unfortunately , Russia 's rulers are not accustomed to leaving the country and the rest of the world for long without something surprising to gawk at .
It would be wrong to draw long-term conclusions from short-term economic information , even if this information confirms reality .
A purely bilateral settlement of the dispute may no longer be in the cards for India and Pakistan .
Along this path , many potential drugs are withdrawn , and even successfully tested drugs face the additional hurdle of regulatory approval .
Requiring longer testing periods , and possibly extra resources , could be compensated by new drugs ' greater longevity on the market , and patent coverage could be extended .
But despite the paucity of success , the typical goal in cancer therapy remains similar to that of antimicrobial treatments -- killing as many tumor cells as possible under the assumption that this will , at best , cure the disease and , at worst , keep the patient alive for as long as possible .
Yet when we treated the mice with a drug dose continuously adjusted to maintain a stable tumor volume , the animals , though not cured , survived for a prolonged period of time .
The G-20 will not achieve growth and stability without a renewed focus on long-term debt reduction .
As long as this combination of factors lasts , the governments of Latin America can maintain fiscal discipline , despite higher spending , as rapid growth translates into greater revenues .
While legal harmonization and constitution - making attest to deepening integration , Europe 's institutions have failed to generate what every political community needs in order to survive and thrive : a feeling of belonging .
As long as this is true , integration can not succeed .
Communal values and bonds evolve from a long accumulation of experience , with mythological and historical understandings that give this experience the appearance of having evolved organically .
Initially , the Convention refused to include any mention of Christianity or Europe 's Judeo-Christian heritage whatsoever , citing only the Enlightenment tradition , alongside the Greeks and Romans .
Suicide bombers , the prolonged state of tension , and the overall weakening of the hope for peace have slashed support for democratic government .
In December 's parliamentary election in Serbia , the extreme nationalist Radical Party achieved the greatest success , and people being tried before the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague , such as Vojislav Seslj , the Radicals ' founder and long-time leader , and Slobodan Milosevic , were elected to parliament .
Democracy may carry certain short-term costs , but they are always lower than the long-term damage that comes from a lack of popular participation .
The only viable course , then , is to use today 's `` pause for reflection '' to revive the existing Constitutional Treaty . This would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008 .
American officials do not seem to recognize how difficult , costly , and prolonged the task of creating a peaceful order and a viable democracy in Iraq will be .
Iraq also possesses human and material resources that should work in favor of democracy in the long term .
The long rule of the Concertación reflected its success .
Given the Middle East 's deep malaise , today 's Arab status quo can not long endure .
The Kuwaitis , along with the region 's other royal states -- Bahrain , Qatar , Oman , and the UAE -- may be the best bet to pursue a liberal approach , given the already tolerant nature of their kings and emirs .
But the potential for explosive growth has usually been seen only in the manufacturing sector . This is no longer the case .
Moreover , the long-held view that services are non-transportable , non-tradable , and non-scalable no longer holds for a host of modern impersonal services , which can now be produced and exported at low cost .
And , while much of the existing international health-care assistance is focused on sub-Saharan Africa , India , along with Bangladesh , Bhutan , Nepal , Pakistan , and Sri Lanka , are just as devastated by neglected tropical diseases .
Uneducated women then have few alternatives , and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling , leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects .
At stake was no longer a higher rate of inflation , but de facto exclusion from the single European market .
The number of potentially life-prolonging technologies offered by contemporary medicine is proliferating .
Some point to a shift in the `` quality of life '' : we live longer , have less physically stressful occupations , and have easier access to more food .
But the sheer scale of the disaster relief `` industry '' -- plus the longer-term development efforts of NGOs -- is raising serious concerns about how to measure their performance .
CARE , as both a relief and development agency , can take a long-term approach to disasters , matching emergency relief with a rehabilitation and recovery phase .
The HPG therefore recommended long-term monitoring of future humanitarian responses , and said that success or failure should be judged in a broad context rather than by a narrow focus on a specific project .
New and more sophisticated analytical tools are needed to understand these long-term effects , along with sufficient training to ensure that new methods are applied properly in the field .
Russia is living through the deepest , most prolonged crisis in modern history .
Those who work well and benefit society will get high incomes , not those who take what belongs to other people .
By contrast , limiting migration slows economic growth and undermines societies ' long-term competitiveness . It also creates a less prosperous , more unequal , and partitioned world .
Of course , there are short-run , local costs to higher rates of migration that must be addressed if societies are to enjoy the much larger long-term benefits .
Medical and public health advances have increased longevity in developed countries , while persistently low fertility levels and the end of the post-WWII baby boom mean that the number of native-born workers will fall in the coming years .
Given how long it has taken to get this far , donors must act quickly to come up with the necessary funds .
The third hurdle is the danger that the Extraordinary Chambers will be regarded as the end rather than the beginning of a long-term search for accountability and legal reform .
Before long , an effort to document and publish the truth will be necessary .
Government and rebel leaders around the globe have been put on notice that criminal conduct will no longer be given a free pass .
The long history of Africa 's exploitation demands that this concern not be dismissed out of hand .
But stereotypes can survive so long and be so influential only insofar as they serve the real interests of real people and institutions .
Most Russians reached this conclusion long before the Beslan attack .
Some military analysts saw this as the beginning , at long last , of serious reforms , as the army was capable only of executing military operations in Russia 's traditional way , i.e. , using overwhelming force , as in WWII .
He grows sideburns , wears a long frock-coat , and carries a walking stick .
Three years ago , Premier Ehud Barak proposed a possible solution for approximately 150,000 settlers : combining some of the large settlements into contiguous blocks and annexing them to Israel along with the sprawling suburbs of Jerusalem , with Israeli land handed over to the future state of Palestine in exchange .
Today , with the terrorist attacks along the roads and the insecurity , and tomorrow , with the establishment of a Palestinian state , these settlers will probably want to return to live within Israel 's borders .
The list of Taylor 's crimes is long , and the evidence against him is overwhelming .
At long last , the age of General Augusto Pinochet in Chile is over .
But the balcony of the Students ' Federation of Universidad de Chile no longer exists , having been replaced by the tall buildings and modern subway stations that have marked the intervening years of Chile 's history .
From now on , the danger of a military comeback will no longer be present to act as a deterrent .
Although full modernization of the financial sector is a long way off even in the best of circumstances , the minimal reforms that we recommend could strengthen the banking system sufficiently in the near term to support a more flexible exchange rate anchored by an inflation objective .
Only a shift in strategic focus would be needed to anchor monetary policy with a long-run target range for low inflation .
VIRGINIA BEACH -- The problem of long-term energy sources has been drifting towards crisis for decades .
If there was ever a time for a massive investment in research into long-term energy sources , that time is now .
But importing assistance may not only be less effective ; it might actually cause more damage in the long run .
Oceans belong to everyone except those near landmasses , which are managed in a similar manner to the country 's land-bound borders .
The sky must belong to the people .
The development challenge no longer solely consists in bringing agricultural water to deprived areas .
More Walls to Fall MOSCOW -- The German people , and the whole world alongside them , are celebrating a landmark date in history , the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall .
We Russians rode along on oil and gas , forgetting that these resources will not last forever .
They point to the Cold War 's `` long peace '' as proof that nuclear deterrence is the only means of staving off a major war .
As I , along with George P. Shultz , William J. Perry , Henry A. Kissinger , Sam Nunn , and others , pointed out five years ago , nuclear deterrence becomes less reliable and more risky as the number of nuclear-armed states increases .
I learned during those two long days in Reykjavik that disarmament talks could be as constructive as they are arduous .
We can no longer afford , politically or financially , the discriminatory nature of the current system of nuclear `` haves '' and `` have-nots . ''
A fissile material cut-off treaty -LRB- FMCT -RRB- , long stalled in multilateral talks in Geneva , and a successful second Nuclear Security Summit next year in Seoul , will help secure dangerous nuclear materials .
Tightening fiscal policy would go a long way towards boosting confidence in the US .
Moreover , if China decided to sell its dollar holdings , the bond market would discount US government securities , raising US long-term interest rates and canceling much -LRB- perhaps all -RRB- of whatever stimulus has been provided by the dollar 's depreciation .
To be sure , the muted impact of inflation on interest rates is not surprising in transition economies , where the mechanisms of monetary-policy transmission and financial intermediation took long periods to put in place and still need reform and regulation .
It is inevitably a long road from a starting point where credits are channeled to state-owned enterprises through state-owned banks to an economic environment in which interest rates are a proper indicator of monetary policy .
Rather than using the oil windfall to pay for long-overdue reforms in health care , education , and utilities -- and thus helping to ensure the macroeconomic stability needed to sustain rapid long-term growth -- President Vladimir Putin has chosen large spending increases for public wages and pensions .
In any case , the blow to confidence from so horrific and unprecedented a terrorist act will undoubtedly have a sharp short-term impact on real demand as well as unsettle financial markets : but it can not in itself lead to long term recession or chronic destabilization of financial markets .
Should a sharp downturn take place , it may still be argued that such a correction has been long expected , and that a sharp shock is preferable to a slow and agonizing adjustment .
Should oil prices continue to surge , however , the downturn among major oil consuming economies could be more prolonged .
Indeed , multilateral trade agreements were being eclipsed by bilateral deals , such as between the EU and various developing countries , long before the divisions over Iraq appeared .
Instead , Putin has allowed Gazprom 's management to block proposals from his own government on the long overdue unbundling of the company .
The prize is higher living standards for Russia 's long-suffering people and a recovery in the country 's international standing .
I suppose that I belong to an expat generation that has not been educated to consider voting an essential right , if not a duty , and I regret that .
The canton of Neuchatel -LRB- one of the 26 mini-states that comprise the Swiss confederation -RRB- lies alongside the French border .
His challenge will be to resist the temptation to seek short-term popularity , recognizing instead that China 's stock market must endure short-term pain to win long-term gains .
A gene for social skills , we are told , has now entered the fast growing Pantheon of genes `` for '' various human behaviors and dispositions -- taking its place alongside genes for risk-taking , happiness , aggression , and sexual orientation , among others .
Racy reports in China 's press sparked another round of righteous fury , drawing on the trope of China as a raped woman , an image long suppressed under Mao .
Today , however , Chinese are facing past atrocities from the `` Century of Humiliation '' that ended with the Communist takeover in 1948 , and a long suppressed anger has resurfaced .
Obviously , more detailed calculations and analyses are required , along with discussions with governments , existing institutions , rating agencies , and other stakeholders .
On the basis of donor countries making long-term -- say , over 15 years -- rather than annual commitments , the aim is to raise from international capital markets an extra $ 50 billion per year between now and 2015 .
Markets may generate sufficient wealth to take care of these problems in the long run , but their magnitude demands action now , because sustained private-sector growth is dependent on an effective public infrastructure .
Exempting emerging markets from any commitments , as the Kyoto Protocol sought to do , no longer makes sense .
In Europe , indigenous coal production no longer plays an important economic role .
Determined action at the global level will become possible only when climate change is no longer some scientific prediction , but a reality that people feel .
This argument seems particularly strong in the United States , which during the long boom years grew accustomed to unemployment rates of around 5 % and steady growth in consumption .
A longer-term view is required , because the US is facing a structural-adjustment challenge that will be accompanied by high unemployment .
How long will the US adjustment take ?
So long as this trend continues , only high and continuing doses of fiscal and monetary expansion will be able to sustain domestic demand .
And , given that many goods are no longer produced in the US , stimulus measures would suck in more imports , further undermining the trade balance .
Contrast this current condition of extended misery with the only sensible long-term solution : a pooling of IMF quotas by all eurozone countries . The eurozone would then have one constituency , or seat , on the Fund 's executive board , filled by a candidate nominated by the eurozone group of finance ministers .
The US -LRB- which has veto power -RRB- has now taken the stance that it will no longer approve the higher number of executive directors -LRB- 24 at present -RRB- .
As long as exchange rates were fixed under the Bretton Woods system , the nature of that privilege was clear : the US was the only country that could freely determine its own monetary policy .
As long as a boom lasts , everybody benefits .
Housing booms can last a long time , typically more than a decade .
The downside is that housing busts last equally long , because houses are such a durable good .
Once too many houses have been built , the existing overhang depresses the market for a very long time , and unemployed construction workers are usually unable to find jobs elsewhere .
Doubts about the Irish government 's solvency would then disappear quickly , and its guarantee of bank deposits would no longer look so shaky .
The yields and volatility of longer-term bonds should then fall relative to short-term securities , allowing peripheral governments to finance themselves reliably and at reasonable cost .
The key problem is simple : until 2008 , these countries enjoyed a long boom based on cheap and plentiful credit , which allowed them to finance large current-account deficits .
How long will the adjustment take ?
Governments in the eurozone 's periphery , including Spain and Italy , now face a dilemma : they must undertake structural reforms to increase their long-term potential growth , but at the cost of even greater short-term pain .
As long as the Greek people have to be asked to accept one austerity package after another , they might wonder when they will have a direct say on this matter .
As long as member states remain fully sovereign , investors can not be assured that if the eurozone breaks up , some states will not simply refuse to pay -- or will not refuse to pay for the others .
In both the US and Europe it seems that prices went 20-30 % above their longer-term average values .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
This would give management considerable de facto independence , since under the one person , one vote principle the larger member countries could no longer block issues just because they are politically inconvenient .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
Any holder of Greek debt , especially long-term debt , must calculate the likelihood that Greece 's political system will prove strong enough to push through the reforms needed to enable the country to service its debt fully -LRB- and on time -RRB- .
So long as EU leaders can not answer that question , financial markets will continue to harbor doubts about the euro 's long-term stability .
This language implies that member states will no longer be the masters of their broad policy orientations . Instead , these will be entrusted to the Union , presumably with formal Commission powers of initiative in their preparation .
This implies a fundamental reversal of the present approach , whereby social policies belong to member states and the Union has tightly circumscribed powers of intervention , which , in addition , can only be exercised with unanimity .
Today , it seems , some politicians are no longer satisfied with this so-called `` negative '' integration .
Those who lose their jobs can not find new ones because of barriers to entry , while high long-term unemployment makes those who do have jobs feel threatened .
The European Council might also recommend that any relaxation of employment protection be accompanied by the establishment of a minimum wage -- determined as an agreed proportion of the statutory wage for regular long-term employment .
More recently , both at Camp David and at Taba in Egypt , Arab negotiators again rejected proposals that would have led to the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel .
Intense and long suffering , Argentines know how to create universal heroes like Eva Perón and Ché Guevara .
His expulsion from the 1982 World Cup for illegal drug use placed him , in the public 's mind , on the path to tragedy , but the long cord of death , already tugging at him , had put him there years before .
Now that he 's no longer playing football , Argentines demand even more .
In Argentina , unlike in the US , re-election is unlimited , as long as the president does not exceed two consecutive periods in office .
The main concern is inflation , which the government has covered up and contained by precarious price agreements that will not last very long once Cristina takes over .
But what was an emergency remedy has become a long-term policy , because there is no economic activity to take its place .
In that seemingly long-gone era , common initiatives for Europe were the rule , and a Franco-German proposal usually constituted an acceptable compromise for Europe as a whole .
Fortunately , Franco-German disputes , while often seemingly fierce , do not last long , and can even serve to refocus people 's attention on the importance of the relationship .
France and Germany , along with the other EU states , must bear in mind that the Lisbon Treaty is , in effect , a European constitution , framed to lead the Union into the twenty-first century , and that its success requires broader leadership .
The Americans want full EU membership for Turkey -- a longstanding NATO member and close American ally -- while Europeans complain about the Turkish military 's domestic political role .
One read , `` Hakimiyet Allah ` indir , '' which roughly translates as `` Allah rules '' or `` power belongs to Allah , '' a slogan that could be identified with Islamist sentiments .
The premier and oldest of these unions is composed of the fourteen countries that belong to the Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa and the West African Economic and Monetary Union , which both use the CFA franc .
Likewise , trade between India and Pakistan could contribute to the normalization of ties between these long-estranged neighbors .
Sovereignty is no longer a sanctuary .
Similarly , America 's preventive war against an Iraq that ignored the UN and was thought to possess weapons of mass destruction showed that sovereignty no longer provides absolute protection .
In addition , Iraq is producing a new generation of experienced terrorists along the lines that Afghanistan did two decades ago .
Japan should no longer be denied fair treatment because of events more than 60 years ago .
Along with the economy , a dominant issue on the political agenda -- and one that has affected Republican politics in particular -- is immigration .
Networks will be needed alongside organizations .
Olympic Gamesmanship NEW YORK -- China lobbied long and hard to host this summer 's Olympics , and thousands of Chinese literally danced in the streets when the decision was made to award Beijing the games .
Under the next president , the US will no longer be a drag on international efforts to create a global regime that sets a ceiling on greenhouse gas emissions .
There would also be serious consequences long before then .
This debate between `` realists '' and `` idealists '' is intense and long-standing .
Governments will not sacrifice near - and medium-term economic growth for long-term environmental benefits . This is especially true now , given that much of the developed world is in the midst of a painful recession .
The US has at long last done some of this in adopting new and much higher standards for automobile fuel efficiency .
Focusing on steps such as these would go a long way toward attaining the often-discussed goal of halving global carbon emissions by mid-century .
As a result , the Cold War , a four-decade-long global struggle , became a reality .
Détente helped to keep the competition from spilling over into conflict as it exposed the Communist world to Western ideas of freedom and capitalism along with their benefits .
The goal should be to limit what they can accomplish in the short term ; to get them to change their policies in the medium term ; and to set in motion forces that will bring about new and fundamentally different governments and societies in the long term .
Over the longer term , we must help Iraqis rebuild their police and military forces so that they can provide their own safety and security without threatening anyone .
For too long , America tolerated a `` democratic exception '' in the Muslim Middle East .
As long as governments were friendly and backed regional stability , there was no need for outsiders to encourage representative government .
For too long , these countries watched economic prosperity pass them by .
But the partnerships that prevailed in the Cold War -- between the US , Western Europe , and several Asian countries , including Japan , South Korea , and Australia -- are no longer adequate .
The prospect of a threat to the stability of the greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support robust sanctions against Iran . But it is not clear whether China 's leaders will recognize this and act in their country 's own long-term self interest .
Successful regime change requires a long-term commitment of military force , of civilian experts trained to build a modern society , and of money and attention -- and even then there is no assurance that the results will justify the investment .
Moreover , Congress will resist rolling back any of the long-standing economic sanctions against Cuba .
Iraq , the second most expensive `` war of choice '' -LRB- after Vietnam -RRB- in American history , is for the United States reaching a level of effort that will no longer absorb substantial military and economic resources or garner significant domestic political attention .
But it will be only the beginning of an extended , gradual process of American military reduction , one that looks like it will take four years -- and quite possibly longer .
In the long run , the US needs to generate domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open world economy and slowing climate change .
Iraq and Afghanistan proved to be strategic distractions , and , particularly in Afghanistan , the US should resist pressures to prolong a substantial military presence .
It is hardly the first disruptive technology to come along : the printing press , telegraph , telephone , radio , television , and cassettes all posed challenges to the existing order of their day .
But , by the time he did say it , the mood of the street had evolved to the point that he could no longer placate it .
To be sure , it closes a prolonged era of Egyptian politics .
The Muslim Brotherhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process , the rule of law , and the constitution .
`` Sixty years of Western nations excusing and accommodating the lack of freedom in the Middle East did nothing to make us safe -- because , in the long run , stability can not be purchased at the expense of liberty .
As long as the Middle East remains a place where freedom does not flourish , it will remain a place of stagnation , resentment , and violence ready for export . ''
With the evident failure of both leftist and rightist governments to stem the rising wave of unemployment , a growing part of the French and German electorates no longer seems to believe in traditional solutions .
For them , national identity should be abandoned in favor of a European identity , even if the feeling of belonging to Europe is not deeply held among the peoples of the EU .
The problem of the link between national identity and cultural pluralism is now surfacing in nearly the same way in the United Kingdom , Holland , and Denmark -- countries that , contrary to France , long ago chose a policy of multiculturalism .
It was not that long ago that experts were predicting that our skyrocketing human population would outstrip its food supply , leading directly to mass famine .
Even with a world population that continues to add tens of millions of new mouths every year , given continuing growth in Haber-Bosch fertilizer and a surprising trend toward a worldwide decline in birth rates -LRB- if you live about 50 years longer , according to the best estimates , you 'll see humanity reach zero population growth -RRB- , it might be within humanity 's grasp to avoid mass starvation forever .
Chinese officials have said that the crisis that began in the United States will not slow down long-planned reforms in China 's financial markets .
The irony is that , to compensate for a crisis that America 's own policies have created in global financial markets , the US is now getting what it has long sought from China .
It will thus reduce state expenditure on enforcing a widely violated law ; remove marijuana growing and selling from the black market ; enable any adult who wishes to use marijuana to do so ; and introduce a tax on legal marijuana sales that will fill state coffers with revenue that formerly went to illegal growers -LRB- so long as there is no large-scale tax evasion -RRB- .
The Netherlands , which is popularly believed to have legalized cannabis use along these lines , has in fact tolerated only small-scale retail sales of marijuana in a limited number of coffee shops in its larger cities .
Delivery of financial services will be made more difficult and expensive everywhere , even though some countries ' banks are financed by stable long-term deposits rather than short-term interbank loans , with few toxic assets and local loans that are more than comfortably covered by local deposits .
But not every aspect of financial regulation and macroeconomic performance necessarily belongs in this category .
For example , it would be impractical to drop the basic framework of a bi-communal , bi-zonal federation , which was agreed by both sides as long ago as 1977 .
Should suspects be placed under surveillance because they belong to a particular religious or ethnic community ?
Freedom belongs to no particular nation or system .
For peace to take root , long-term regional interests must overcome national agendas .
Violators of international law must be made aware that the Middle East is subject to the same norms as other regions , and that the principles of democracy belong as much to its people as to those of more politically developed nations .
But sometimes we also hear the populist smears that have been applied to the Middle East for so long that nothing , it seems -- no amount of extraordinary change -- can silence them .
It can be red or green , but also black or brown . It can be clothed in religious garb , Islamic or Protestant , so long as it is fundamentalist and Manichean .
We know these creatures ' apotheosis , Dracula , as a vampire from Transylvania , a bat-like person with long canine teeth who lies in a coffin during the day and bites necks and drinks blood for sustenance .
If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver , then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us : as a projection of our fears and uncertainties , sexual desires , group and personal animosities , and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society .
Religion has led people to commit a long litany of horrendous crimes , from God 's command to Moses to slaughter the Midianites -- men , women , boys , and non-virginal girls -- through the Crusades , the Inquisition , innumerable conflicts between Sunni and Shiite Muslims , and suicide bombers convinced that martyrdom will lead them to paradise .
When Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill at long last did speak out , he flatly contradicted Rice , telling The Economist that Argentina 's crisis was caused by its lack of an export industry and unwillingness to do anything about it .
O'Neill 's policies and statements may well discourage these long-term efforts , by needlessly aggravating the short-term pain such reforms inevitably entail .
Perhaps this quest will take a long time . But that is no reason to approach Russia as if walking on egg shells .
While many other countries now also profess these values , they belong to other geographical areas and therefore -- if only for this purely external reason -- can not be considered part of the West .
Needless to say , the end of the bipolar division of the world and the progress of our civilization along the course that we now call globalization urge us to engage in a radically new way of thinking about the future world order .
Thus , the implicit perception of Western superiority and Eastern inferiority is untenable in the long run .
As long as the word `` East '' evokes a pejorative connotation , and the word `` West '' an affirmative one , it will be immensely difficult to build a new world order based on equality among the various regions .
But perhaps the problem is deeper : global corporations , media cartels , and powerful bureaucracies are transforming political parties into organizations whose main task is no longer public service , but the protection of specific clienteles and interests .
Ukraine belongs to a united European political entity ; the values that Ukraine endorses and that are embedded in its history are European to the core .
But it 's a community that is good to belong to -- provided that people want it and that it makes historical sense for them .
This spring marks the third anniversary of the wave of repression in which Fidel Castro 's regime arrested and handed down long sentences to 75 leading Cuban dissidents .
That monks are leading the protests is no great surprise to those who have taken a long-term interest in the situation in Burma .
The time has come for us to repay that debt by helping those in Cuba , whose dreams have already been deferred for too long .
Both Israelis and Palestinians must understand that the mere application of force will never be enough to achieve their long-term ends .
The suffering and wanton destruction of people 's lives , the despair and absence of human dignity in this region have gone on for too long .
PRAGUE -- The death of Eduard Chuvashov , a judge killed in cold blood on April 12 in Moscow , is another in a long and growing list of murders perpetrated on those in Russia who try to seek justice for the victims of crimes -- an essential task for the future development of the Russian society .
The Middle East 's demographic youth bulge is well known , but no one predicted that its members would mobilize social media and cell phones to topple long-established dictators .
In reality , the Kingdom 's response is centered , as its foreign and domestic policy has long been , on `` stability . '' The Saudis do n't want anti-Saudi forces , including such enemies as Iran and Al Qaeda , to increase their influence in the Middle East .
Nonetheless , today 's Saudi princes appear to recognize that something has genuinely changed in the Middle East : The younger generation of Arabs is no longer prepared to accept unaccountable , corrupt , and brutal governments .
The House of Saud has a long historical claim on rule in Arabia , and its promise of stability remains key to its durability .
In Bahrain , things are quiet now as well , but the chances of further radicalization of the country 's Shia majority have increased , possibly benefiting Iran in the long run .
Recently , my research group , along with researchers in London , provided some real hope for carriers of mutated BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes .
This treatment is unlikely to cause many side effects ; prolonged treatments with PARP inhibitors are well tolerated in mice .
It will also take longer to validate a PARP inhibitor for use as a prophylactic treatment , because the treatment can not be proven effective in a short time .
Germany seems mired in passivity , as it did in the final years of Helmut Kohls long rule .
If a chancellor is no longer popular Schröders case today he loses leverage over his parliamentary majority .
The Bundestag Barons the long serving MPs who rule the legislative committees and enjoy enormous clout within their parties can not shape politics against the governments will , but they can impede almost everything .
Once a German Chancellor becomes unpopular regardless of why these party organizations no longer view him as a vote-winner , and the parliamentary majoritys barons will balk at implementing painful reforms , no matter how necessary and beneficial .
Since the 1970s , no government has maintained a majority in the Bundesrat for very long , with the opposition in the Bundestag gaining a majority in the Bundesrat after mid-term state elections .
It means being sophisticated enough to understand that as long as China feels under pressure to stop propping up the renmimbi , it is unlikely to deliver commitments on emissions cuts .
North Korean invective and provocation against the South continued , and in November its military shelled a South Korean-held island along the northern limit line , which has served as the North-South border since the 1953 armistice .
South Koreans increasingly are coming to believe that North Korea will not be in the family of nations for long -- that sooner or later -LRB- perhaps even in this decade -RRB- , the North will collapse and its malnourished people will become future citizens of a reunified Republic of Korea .
In the coming weeks , South Korea 's government will confront one of the toughest choices that any government can face : whether the short-term cost in human lives is worth the potential long-term benefits -LRB- also in terms of human lives -RRB- that a famine-induced collapse of North Korea could bring .
When US-led forces overthrew Saddam Hussein in 2003 , far too little effort was made to understand how a peasant tyrant like Saddam was able to seize power and hold it for so long .
Human rights will not co-exist with dictatorship , or with any other non-democracy , for long .
These are absolute necessities for democratic success , but they require longer-term development of institutional capacity .
Too many people stay for too long .
Moreover , next year he will have been Prime Minister for a decade , longer than any previous Labor leader .
A little longer , and he would outlast Margaret Thatcher 's record-breaking tenure , which must have been a temptation .
So Blair 's concession that he must leave office , a decision so long postponed and so disastrously protracted , represents among other things a triumph of the mundane over the permanent temptation to believe that politics is about anything else .
The capture of Karadzic and his arrival at the war crimes tribunal in The Hague took me back to a long night of confrontation , drama , and negotiations -- the only time I ever met him .
For the only time that long night , I addressed Karadzic directly , telling him that we worked only for President Bill Clinton and that he could call Carter if he wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify .
Even though almost 13 years is an inexcusably long time , the war crimes indictment kept Karadzic on the run and prevented him from resurfacing .
· Third , after ending the grueling sanctions , from which Iraqi civilians have long suffered , the occupying forces should concentrate on rebuilding Iraq politically and economically , along the lines of the post-WWII occupations of America 's enemies .
The plight of these victims long went unrecognized , as governments and the international community alike failed to acknowledge their rights to protection and assistance .
However sudden the initial displacement , the impact can last for generations , together with a long-term need for clean water , shelter , health care , and other basic services , as victims of Hurricane Mitch in Central America in 1998 know from bitter experience .
Millions of people remain impoverished , face discrimination , and suffer long-lasting trauma even after the guns fall silent .
In the long run , the growing expectation gap would aggravate the inevitable setbacks , and political leaders who championed closer relations could even be replaced by hard-liners .
Driven by its compulsion to make war on Iraq at all costs , Washington has shown little inclination to consider the war 's long-term impact on countries lying at the periphery of the war zone .
The heightened activity , much of it concentrated along the Pakistani border , suggests that some of Pakistan 's army intelligence officers have resumed their support of the Taliban and its friends .
Along with a group of faculty , staff and students from my university in Islamabad , I journeyed to Balakot , close to the center of the Kashmir earthquake .
Nearly 31 years ago , on 25th December 1974 , a powerful earthquake flattened towns along the Karakorum Highway and killed nearly 10,000 people .
Will today 's government do better ? This will only be assured if citizens organize themselves to play a more direct role in relief and rehabilitation for the long term .
They must demand a voice in planning and implementing the reconstruction effort and , along with international donors , transparency and public auditing of where aid is spent .
Committing the political will , and a small fraction of the world 's financial resources , to biodiversity conservation -- and the scientific research that underpins it -- would bring indispensable long-term benefits , including a healthy planet for our children .
Televised images of Third World children with distended bellies no longer shock viewers .
Depressive mental disorders also have been known for as long as written records have been kept .
Writing in the fifth century b.c. , Hippocrates provided the first known definition of melancholia -LRB- what we now call `` depression '' -RRB- as a distinct disorder : `` If fear or sadness last for a long time it is melancholia . ''
The list of issues on which Europe and America now hold deeply different views is longer than it has been in a generation .
The truth is that transatlantic differences have existed for a long time .
But 1997 is a long time ago , and Albania has changed dramatically .
Until 2000 , the government tended more to rely on the advice of the OSCE , but even since 2001 , it has tried to buttress its position by claiming that it gets along better than ever with the OSCE and its mission .
Is it the OSCE 's presence , and not Albania 's government , that is now keeping the country what it has long been , a hermit kingdom ?
But Albania no longer needs the OSCE 's staff to be scattered throughout the country to monitor every aspect of its political life .
Obama 's praise of Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized Egyptian opposition groups , which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son , Gamal Mubarak , succeeds him .
Add together all the trade-offs between the West and the Arab regimes , along with the Israeli and Islamist factor , and the conclusion at which one arrives is as inescapable as it is alarming : the West can not afford democracy in the region .
News broadcasts covered his continued insistence that he did not forge his ticket , along with the lottery center 's claims that their rejection of the ticket was legitimate .
The Revolt of China 's Twittering Classes BEIJING -- Last week , Liu Xiaobo was awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize for his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China .
That award comes at a crucial moment in Chinese politics , as it may well become a stepping stone on China 's long march toward greater freedom .
With the proliferation of Twitter clones in China -LRB- all the major portals now offer microblog services -RRB- , social movements in China are getting a long-term boost .
Some , like Macedonia and Finland , belong to the Alliance 's Partnership for Peace .
A few Afghan provinces , including those along parts of the border with Pakistan and its Taliban sanctuaries , have little or no ISAF presence and no Provincial Reconstruction Teams .
That task must belong to the European Union , the one institution with the collective means , skills , resources , and -- potentially -- the leadership to relieve NATO and ISAF of burdens for which they are not suited .
Even though 19 of NATO 's 26 members also belong to the EU , leaders and bureaucrats in most of these countries have been unwilling to back the commitment of their troops with the economic resources needed .
When local elders and delegates wanted to assemble in Mogadishu for a reconciliation conference , security conditions forced them to postpone the conference for several months -LRB- though when they did meet , in big numbers and for a long time , they achieved no breakthrough -RRB- .
A plane with the UN envoy for human rights was denied landing rights in Baidoa -LRB- seat of the Somali parliament -RRB- not long ago , and pilots sometimes refuse to fly foreigners to Mogadishu , because it is too dangerous .
It may sound strange , but from the point of view of a humanitarian relief agency , it is not important on whose territory civilians in need are , as long as there is access to them .
Protecting the humanitarian effort now underway is essential to the sheer physical survival of the Congolese displaced in North Kivu , but the only lasting solution is a ceasefire followed by a peace treaty , possibly along the lines of the `` Goma agreement . ''
Their cause could no longer be ignored .
If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life-long cause .
Statements by Tony Blair , Jacques Chirac , Kofi Annan and others on the occasion of Arafat 's death have been forceful in demanding a speedy and long overdue resolution of the conflict .
But recent democratic trends worldwide have now reached the shores of this medieval desert kingdom and can no longer be ignored .
The first Gulf War -LRB- 1990-91 -RRB- , brought nearly one million foreign fighters from 35 countries to the Arabian Peninsula , along with their modern weapons systems , communications gear , and different lifestyles .
To a long-time activist , today 's climate feels like spring .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
I despaired over how long it would take to build the infrastructure needed for Estonian businesses to compete internationally .
Now that Estonia 's competitiveness can no longer count on a low-cost labor force , it needs to generate new technologies .
With selective reporting , we would end up with a long list of all the false discoveries made across all research teams , with only a few true findings buried among this pile of non-replicated waste .
Meeting emissions targets in the transport sector would require , alongside reductions in car use , modest increases in walking and cycling .
But car use and food prices were linked long before bio-fuel policies .
CJD belongs to the family of what are called prion diseases , a unique group of neurodegenerative diseases that can be transmitted .
Europe Should Dump Anti-Dumping Stockholm -- Defending Europe 's economy against unfair international trade practices has long been a key element of the European Union 's external policies .
This fact has long been ignored by firms seeking trade defense .
The monetary analysis pillar comprises all information coming from various monetary and credit aggregates and serves to figure out the risks to price stability over the medium - to long-run .
This two pillar approach constitutes a framework for cross-checking indications from the shorter-term economic analysis with those from the longer-term monetary analysis in order to obtain a robust view about the risks to price stability .
While such decisions must not ignore longer-term developments , the time horizon for inflation forecasts is usually only one to two years , beyond it gets highly uncertain .
The long-run connection between money and price developments is among the most robust economic relationships .
As long as such a `` one-pillar-approach '' is unavailable , there is no convincing reason why the ECB should change a strategy which has served it well and allowed it to establish a remarkable track record .
In EMU 's early years , long-term interest rates in euro-zone countries more or less converged to the low levels seen in countries like France , Germany , and the Netherlands before the euro 's introduction .
For many people , the introduction of the euro meant not only that currency risk -- i.e. , the risk of devaluation -- had disappeared , but also that all euro-zone members now belonged to an economic area of monetary stability and , thanks to the discipline of the Stability and Growth Pact , of fiscal stability .
Moreover , before the crisis , differences in long-term interest rates among EMU members were around 25 basis points , despite unfavorable fiscal developments in some EMU countries .
But today , countries with rising budget deficits , like Ireland , along with countries with high levels of public debt , like Greece and Italy , are at risk to pay substantially higher rates on their government bonds .
On the other hand long-term interest rates in countries with stronger fiscal positions -- France , Germany , and Finland -- have enjoyed low rates as a consequence of a `` flight to quality . ''
This rise in long-term interest rates has hit the countries with sharply deteriorating fiscal positions hardest .
Encouraging weak countries to prolong their reliance on budget deficits by holding out the hope of a de facto bail-out would be very costly for EMU 's more solid countries , while undermining EMU 's hard-won credibility as an area of stability and fiscal soundness . And this latter cost would have to be paid by all euro-zone countries .
At long last , it can be said that an Iraqi legislature understood that it was constrained by constitutional principals and the rule of law .
What McCain was referring to was a peaceable presence of US forces in the country for a long period , rather like their continued presence in Japan since 1945 .
McCain 's advisors would do well to consider a historical precedent : the failed British attempt at World War I 's close to maintain a long-term military presence in Iraq .
They must recognize that a long-term presence by US troops is out of the question , but that US combat forces will be needed in Iraq -- albeit with a diminishing role -- for the next five years .
Iraq 's militias will not go quietly , yet their dissolution is essential for long-term stability , itself a sine qua non for stability in the region .
True , they might not be able to topple the new regime , but they will be able to de-stabilize Iraq over the long term , in the hope of forcing a negotiated settlement of their grievances .
Politics aside , the long-term damage to Iraq 's legal institutions caused by these maneuverings should not be underestimated .
Iran exerts significant influence on both state and non-state actors whose support is indispensible to any long-term peace in the Middle East .
In Greece , the problem is with sovereign deficits -LRB- much of it long concealed -RRB- , while the problem in Asia was unmonitored private-sector debt .
TOKYO -- A specter is haunting China 's exchange-rate regime : the long-running dispute between the United States and Japan throughout the 1980 's and early 1990 's over the value of the yen .
Indeed , the economists Ronald McKinnon and Kenichi Ohno have singled out US pressure for yen appreciation as a key source of the Japanese economy 's long-term deflation and stagnation -- the so-called `` lost decade '' of economic malaise that is now well into its second .
It will be prolonged and occasionally very tense , but eventually result in appreciation of the renminbi .
Fifty years earlier , Jean-Baptiste Lamarck had suggested that living things are products of a long historical process of transformation . But the evolutionary mechanisms he proposed , which included the inheritance of characteristics induced by the environment , never found favor .
It is Darwin 's second powerful idea -- the idea that even the most complicated features of organisms are the outcome of natural selection -- that has been the key to his theory 's long-term success .
Moreover , the cells ' features are inherited in their respective cell lineages , even though the stimuli that triggered the differences between them during embryonic development are long gone .
For too long , the debate has been framed around the concept of `` burden-sharing . ''
Because the financial crisis has lowered greenhouse-gas emissions , the -20 % reduction target set before the crisis is no longer challenging enough to catalyze a structural shift in the European economy .
These countries can no longer afford to wait .
Indeed , the region 's population explosion and rapid urbanization , along with the accelerating pace of tourism development , already means water scarcity is holding back growth .
Liu won the prize because his lifelong commitment to political activism makes him exceptional .
But some of the children urinated blood , others have suffered long-term health problems , and at least six died .
Nobody worried about foreign ownership of US ports as long as the owner was a British company ; the new fears reflect the belief that Dubai might be a channel for Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism .
In the eighteenth century , cheap and washable cotton undergarments produced a revolution in hygiene , but soon this had become so commonplace that the cotton revolution no longer generated any excitement .
But , like the cotton revolution , the true measure of the social and political transformations wrought by the PC will become clear only after a much longer time .
Any of the basic proclivities that drive capitalism , on their own , are destructive of long-term success .
Where there is a legacy of violence and suspicion , it is hard for people to feel secure enough to enter into long-term contracts .
Because the past is knowable , the best way of understanding a current crisis is to search for a model in past experiences , even those that are long past .
The obvious lesson of 1907 that Americans learned was that central banks were the best placed institutions to restore liquidity in a financial panic , and , in the longer run , monetary reform gave the US its own central bank , the Federal Reserve , by 1914 .
So 1907 became a comforting mantra in times of financial stress : a crisis can not happen as long as the central bank understands the problem of liquidity .
But so long as the anti-trust case remained a threat , IBM was nervous , and began to back away from its business model .
Of course , Microsoft ran into its own legal troubles when it took over IBM 's former dominant position , waging long drawn-out court cases on both sides of the Atlantic .
In our own time , air travel has become much cheaper , but airlines lose money ; telephoning is no longer unaffordable , but the telecommunications companies lost fortunes by over-bidding for mobile telephony rights .
But in order to be sure of the reliability of this function , the purchaser must be convinced of the long-term valuation of the object of desire .
Innovation is likely to be the long-term answer to banking problems as well .
Harvesting machines were supposed to lower the quality of grain , as it was no longer subject to immediate inspection by the human eye .
British train drivers long insisted that two drivers were needed to ensure safety , whereas some mass transit systems now operate with driverless trains .
Likewise , a personal banker is not longer a necessity , and has become nothing more than a status symbol .
The major problem in the aftermath of today 's financial crisis is that banks are no longer providing credit for many transactions needed in the basic operation of the economy .
The 1980 's solution saved the banks -LRB- and the bankers -RRB- from the debt crisis , but in the long run increased burden of repayment , and in this way decreased living standards in Latin America .
Second , it lends itself much more effectively to long-term strategic thinking about the overall direction of the national , or even the international , economy .
Even if the result would have been longer-term stability , the immediate political consequences were too unpleasant .
Recriminations after financial crises have a long history , and they recur in regular cycles .
When incomprehension no longer produces new heights of prosperity , but rather economic collapse and failure , it is not surprising that it turns to anger .
But that stability is now disappearing fast -- along with the fundamental consensus on which it rested .
For example , long before the financial collapse , experimental economists joined psychologists in attempting to measure varying propensities to greediness .
Merkel 's new coalition will sit neatly alongside the new Japanese government of Yukio Hatoyama , which is also dedicated to finding a new and peculiarly Japanese model of economic growth .
As a result , central banks ran the risk of no longer appearing to follow a clearly formulated policy guideline .
The response to the crisis will be a hastening of the movement toward on-line purchases , in which physical location is no longer a preeminent part of shopping decisions .
Why Big Banks Will Get Bigger FLORENCE -- Severe banking crises bring painful and long-lasting disruptions . But they also lead to surprises .
But the banks that were most affected were elsewhere , and the long-term winners will be a few American banks -- including some of the most notoriously weak banks -- which will get bigger as a result of the crisis .
It is no longer best to be subject to the most favorable regulatory regime , but to be where the state has the deepest pockets .
But , whereas we only recently learned that financial behemoths create financial instability , foreign-exchange markets for a long time were characterized by volatility and uncertainty .
That would run counter to almost every argument of modern economics , but , at a moment when we are looking to the past for financial solutions , it is no longer unthinkable .
But in the aftermath of a crisis , countries put national interests above their willingness to go along with international rules .
The French argued for European economic governance alongside the monetary union , but that looked to others as imposing too much French planisme .
The most immediate and most obvious is that it is difficult to hold out long against the US , especially when the American government is under pressure from major domestic interest groups whose strong lobbying power might be used to lead a push for new trade protectionism .
But America 's large fiscal deficit , along with continuing uncertainty about its financial markets , mean that the dollar is also potentially vulnerable .
None of these favored categories of credit allocation produce the dynamism and innovation that is needed for long-term , self-sustaining growth .
Indeed , it was to be the first act in a long exercise of futile mega-diplomacy .
The recommendation , which contains a long section trying to show that Japan 's 1987 and 1988 experience was not damaging , will be read in China simply as a statement that the US wants China to follow Japan in committing what amounts to economic hara-kiri .
The country was no longer subject to imported deflation via the fixed exchange rate .
In the late summer of 1931 , the dollar , alongside the French franc , appeared to be the strongest currency in the international system .
The British response should prompt other industrial economies , above all the US , to tackle their long-term fiscal weaknesses .
Sovereign debt no longer looks stable .
There was no institutionalized write-down of Latin American debt until five years after the crisis , when a haircut no longer threatened banks ' stability .
A long-term alternative requires some capacity to write down debt where it has reached excessive levels .
And , in the longer term , we would have a viable international model of how to tackle severe sovereign-debt problems .
It is no longer seen only as a story of the capital-market-driven integration of the last two decades of the twentieth century , or even of an `` early wave of globalization '' in the nineteenth century , when the gold standard and the Atlantic telegram seemed to unite the world .
Inflation fear was already present before the new challenges of 2011 raised questions about long-term energy prices .
Some econometric attempts have been made to identify long-term cycles in both inflation and monetary growth .
He also has found evidence of a pick-up in long-term underlying inflation in the UK and the US since the early 2000 's .
A better approach is to think of the longer-term story as being one of changes in relative prices , which are not well handled by a consumer price index .
There is certainly plenty of frustration about the implementation of austerity , and no real indication of the long-term sustainability of reform efforts in southern Europe .
Their defenders point out that such companies often have a much longer-term vision than is true of managerial capitalism , which enables them to establish strong and enduring relationships with their customers and suppliers .
At least in the case of the Murdoch empire , it now appears that they pursue long and binding relationships with politicians and the police as well .
In the first half of the 1990 's , many observers of the alleged Asian economic miracle emphasized trust and families ' capacity to cooperate with political authorities in order to realize long-term growth plans .
American mortgages were no longer held at the local bank , but had been repackaged in esoteric financial instruments and sold around the world ; likewise , Greek government debt is in large part owed to foreigners .
The Dutch model was exported to Britain in 1688 , along with the political revolution that deposed the Catholic James II and put the Dutch Protestant William of Orange on the English throne .
Such a system worked as long as events in one country did not have a negative impact on other borrowers and there was no systemic risk or systemic contagion .
Crises were no longer moderate .
Since there were no substantial capital flows for a long time , this did not matter at first .
Our aim should be to invent financial mechanisms for segmenting and spreading risk , so that one bad case no longer has the potential to destroy the whole system .
And there is no longer-term vision of how the fiscal integration needed for the effective operation of a monetary union could be achieved in a practical timeframe .
In fact , there is a rather surprising parallel for stable coexistence of two currencies over a long period of time .
Nowadays , the equivalent of the adjustment mechanism in the early modern world of bimetallism would be a fall in , say , Greek wage costs paid in the national currency , as long as it was traded at a discount .
Much of the world began to turn away from the American way of doing business . Europeans and Asians claimed with renewed vigor that their capitalist model involved a greater commitment to long-term values and a long-term vision .
In continental Europe and parts of Asia , there has always been a vision of core business values centered on long-term institutions , especially the family .
Mediobanca , the financial institution long at the heart of Italian family capitalism , was struggling since the death of its founder Enrico Cuccia and the removal of the man he had designated as his heir apparent .
It tried to redefine itself as a more normal financial institution , less committed to holding long-term strategic stakes in companies .
In the corporate landscape , there is the old , say , Coca Cola , but also alongside it the new , say , Microsoft or Amazon .
Enron aimed at getting a dominant position as the premier energy trader . Parmalat wanted to do the same for the long-life milk market .
In the past , the concern with long corporate life was criticized for restricting growth .
Family ownership builds trust and promises a commitment to long-run income and employment .
Of course they were told that there was no intention of abandoning Britain 's link to gold , and that the strong pound represented a deep and long commitment -LRB- in the same way that US Treasury Secretary John Snow today affirms the idea of a `` strong dollar '' -RRB- .
The sterling balances proved to be the starting point of vast and inefficient state planning regimes that did long-term harm to growth prospects in all the countries that took this course .
Thanks to German manufacturers , pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class , but began appearing in respectable working-class homes .
Because good health accompanies higher levels of national economic welfare in the long run , the economic benefits are worth $ 30 billion .
But Russia , owing to a rise in its national income , no longer is eligible for HIV\/AIDS Global Fund grants .
In the first Gulf war , this resulted in `` rolling '' sand dunes , sometimes ten meters high and several kilometers long , that covered roads and buildings .
Concern about the environmental consequences of war probably started after the first atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at World War Two 's end , when no one knew how long lasting the radioactive contamination would be or what clean-up measures could be taken .
Moreover , mines , bombs , and grenades that failed to explode during combat often continue to render areas inaccessible both for humans and larger animals long after a war ends .
The risk was that the seed might grow moldy during the long , humid ocean transport to Iraq if it was not dressed with some fungicide .
By then the sowing season was long over .
So the farmers dumped grain wherever they could -- along roadsides , in irrigation canals , in rivers .
They arrived at this conclusion when trying to reconcile a contradiction that has long puzzled those who study both biology and physics .
So life , at long last , has a higher meaning in the eyes of science - even if serving the second law of thermodynamics is not exactly what the religiously faithful had in mind .
During the past several decades , these ecosystems have been damaged and reduced in most countries along the Indian Ocean .
Along the coast of the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu , some 30 % of the fishery capacity was lost .
For example , freezers that require CFC 's can be freely exported from , say , Sweden , where they can no longer legally be refilled when required , to Egypt , where refilling is allowed .
If someone can do difficult things , not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lion mane , but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival , and yet stay alive , that individual must have especially good genes .
But this is just one of many environmental debts that will somehow have to be paid in long after the fighting has stopped -- by the victims , if by nobody else .
In an even larger area -- and for a much longer time -- consumers reject the products .
Quitting works : even those who stop smoking in their 40 's lower their risk of death remarkably , and those who quit in their 30 's have death risks close to lifelong non-smokers .
Developing countries must not be fooled by the empty economic arguments that paralyzed control efforts in the West for so long .
Moreover , an increase in the demand for broadband connection has triggered the launch of an $ 800 million `` Jin Dun -LRB- Golden Shield -RRB- Project , '' an automatic digital system of public policing that will help prolong Communist rule by denying China 's people the right to information .
But once someone 's fingertips touch the keyboard , the `` Kitchen Table Democracy '' of the Web no longer exists -- he or she may find themselves stepping into a trap , because the Internet Police monitor every word that is typed .
And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Havel for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
But both Japan and China recognize that further tension will serve neither country 's long-term interests .
So , although both sides endorse the idea of a `` mutually beneficial strategic relationship , '' and despite progress bilateral on military exchanges , mutual trust and confidence-building have a long way to go .
Emerging more united from this tragedy , the country welcomed the world to the long-anticipated Olympics , which were remarkably successful , but were soon superseded by the tainted-dairy-product scandal in which many babies became ill , and some died .
As the 90th anniversary approaches , China has made great strides in science , but still has a long way to go in terms of democracy .
It is no longer competitive in manufacturing , but blames others for its huge trade deficit .
The Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Bill , which is about to pass the US Senate , does something similar -- and long overdue -- for banking .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The United States has a significant budget deficit , likely to be $ 1.3 trillion -LRB- 10 % of GDP -RRB- this year , and the long-term forecasts are worrying .
According to CBO data , the ACA will reduce the long-term fiscal deficit by two percentage points of GDP per year .
It remains , more than any other single factor , the key to long-term fiscal sustainability .
Either banks need to default on their senior obligations , or the government will need to default alongside the banks .
The trick was to offer banks the opportunity to swap their claims on -LRB- insolvent -RRB- Latin American countries into long-maturity , low-coupon bonds that were collateralized with US Treasuries .
From the perspective of international investors , banks that are `` too big to fail '' are the perfect places to park their reserves -- as long as the sovereign in question remains solvent .
How long does default last before the country can reach an agreement with its creditors ?
Does this sudden outbreak of the long-desired bipartisan consensus indicate that a new , stronger America is just around the corner ?
The US Federal Reserve promised to hold down longer-term rates , but its commitments in that direction now seem ineffective .
But longer-term US interest rates are very much affected by what happens in the rest of the world -- and how private-sector investors view US government debt relative to other countries ' sovereign debt .
To be sure , the US has long provided subsidies to owner-occupied housing -- mostly through the tax deduction for mortgage interest .
As long as US assets were attractive to residents of surplus countries -LRB- or there was an acceptable chain of investments from surplus countries that ended in the US -RRB- , these accumulations of reserves were sustainable .
The dollar has depreciated in a way that helps global adjustment and fortunately does not disrupt the US government securities market ; long-term rates are in fact down from July , so adjustment has been `` orderly . ''
The lack of adjustment of surplus countries with inflexible exchange rate-regimes means that as the US deficit falls , a counterbalancing deficit develops elsewhere in the world -- along with real effective exchange rate appreciation .
The risks to global growth will increase as long as adjustment remains uneven .
There would be a massive run into cash , on an order not seen since the Great Depression , with long lines of people at ATMs and teller windows withdrawing as much as possible .
The IMF might reasonably take the position that ECB policies have been overly contractionary -- resulting in a strong euro and very low inflation -- and are no longer appropriate for member countries in the midst of a financial collapse .
The only means to refinance Greece 's debt at an affordable level would be to grant long-term , subsidized loans that ultimately would cover a large part of the liabilities coming due in the next 3-5 years .
The bill 's proponents argue that this approach builds on the success of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- , which has a long track record of closing down small - and medium-sized banks in the US with minimal disruption and no losses for depositors .
Kaufman understands that successful reform requires three ingredients : arguments that persuade , the ability to bring colleagues along , and a good deal of luck in the form of events that highlight problems at just the right time .
On two fronts , Kaufman has -- against long odds -- actually managed to make substantial steps .
Senator Carl Levin , chairman of the subcommittee that heard their testimony , evidently seeing eye to eye with Kaufman , was just as tough after a year-long investigation of Washington Mutual , Goldman , and the abject failures of bank regulators and credit rating agencies .
A collapse in fertility rates , coupled with longer life expectancy , is driving a rapid and pronounced aging of populations .
This type of extreme financial incentive is particularly true in some countries like Belgium or the Netherlands with easily accessible early retirement schemes - schemes which , to boot , often fail to adjust benefit levels to offset their longer duration .
An increase in the official retirement age - currently close to 65 in most countries - is pointless to the extent that many people no longer exit the labor force directly into official retirement systems .
Iran could easily do what Japan does -- hold enrichment facilities in readiness to make a bomb without actually doing so . Or , like India in 1974 , it might wait a long time , then dash to the finish line and conduct an atomic test .
President Bush now argues that all along it has been the above-board enrichment of uranium , not some other , secret program , that carries Iran ever closer to having nuclear weapons .
I said that I did , but that it was in longhand .
By this the standard , the right in the United States -- the party of Fox News , the Tea Party , and , increasingly , of the Republican Party itself -- are no longer conservatives .
Indeed , Pakistan aspired at one point to becoming something of a modern extension of India 's long-ruling Mughal dynasty .
Analyzing the failed Times Square bombing , Ambassador Zafar Hilaly , a well-respected former Pakistani diplomat , wrote `` that nowhere else today have so many armed foreign outlaws been able to use the territory of a sovereign state to wage war for so long , and with such impunity , against other countries .
Although many people seem amazed that India has maintained rapid growth for so long -- even in the face of the global downturn -- surprise is unwarranted .
India is no longer primarily an agricultural economy ; indeed , agriculture accounts for only around 20 % of GDP .
Local actions that are then developed as part of an exchange between cities could have a global impact in the long term .
Moreover , some informal institutions based on longstanding cultural traditions lead to discrimination and violation of human rights , while undermining the authority of formal institutions like the judiciary , police , or military .
An integrated , continent-wide energy strategy , linked to national policies for growth would , indeed , go a long way toward addressing this important need .
In addition , work has also started in preparing a medium to long-term action plan in close collaboration with the regional economic communities and in cooperation with the World Bank and the European Union .
TUNIS -- Like a long dormant volcano that suddenly erupts , the revolutions that have swept across North Africa -- against a backdrop of strong economic performance -- took all by surprise .
Prior to the explosion , average annual GDP growth in the region had been humming along at 4.6 % for a decade , with strong improvement in human development indicators .
But this growth was in some ways deceptive , for it masked problems that had long simmered beneath the surface : burgeoning unemployment , especially among the region 's youth , and political repression -- the issues that eventually brought things to a boil .
The events of recent months have exacted a heavy short-term economic toll , but they have potentially far-reaching long-term implications .
On the other hand , we can be confident that the longer-term gains of social and political change will be positive , as the drag of predatory corruption and limitations on individual and economic liberties are eliminated .
No country or region can truly aspire to full , broad-based economic growth without pulling along all segments of its population and without giving a voice to all .
The behaviorist psychology it drew upon has long expired , and the fear that science will be used to make , or even force , people to be morally better now sounds old-fashioned .
Science fiction ages fast , but it has a long afterlife .
My father was born in Rangoon long before the 1962 coup that brought the current regime to power .
India and China are simply doing what the US and European countries have done for so long : trump rhetoric about democracy and human rights with policies that serve their strategic and energy security interests .
Whether a more populist government would be able to break radically with India 's flawed fiscal policies and create an environment favorable to a dramatic improvement in India 's shamefully poor human and physical infrastructure -- which would give a solid boost to India 's economy over the long term -- remains to be seen .
India 's list of misguided responses to terrorism is almost as long .
But , for better or worse , we are no longer in the modern era .
Sentences for non-Han Chinese are typically longer than those imposed on Han Chinese .
Li Wenshan and Chen Shiqing , leaders of the Chinese Nation 's Democratic Party , which has nearly 1,000 members , are serving long sentences in Gansu Province 's Linxia Prison .
Last month , Huang Qi , an Internet entrepreneur arrested for posting articles criticizing the Communist Party , and four young intellectuals who made up the `` New Youth Study Group '' to hold online discussions about political reform , were sentenced to long prison terms .
No one knows when the long-promised visit by the UN Rapporteur on Torture will take place .
Neat binary concepts like `` peacetime '' and `` wartime '' are no longer viable .
Nor are the Self-Defense Forces ' operations and obligations any longer restricted to Japanese territory and the adjacent seas .
The question is whether Japan 's Self-Defense Forces work alongside America and the world in defense of world peace now , or eventually do so alone in defense of Japan .
Yasuhisa Shiozaki , who occupies the key position of cabinet secretary , is a long-time ally , while the foreign minister , Taro Aso , though a rival within the Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- , shares Abe 's policy priorities .
All are long time allies of the US .
The paradigm of international security that had long dominated Japan 's defense thinking had shifted and policymakers realized that they had to shift with it .
Will Japan 's humanitarian and restoration aid in Iraq secure a long-term national interest ?
Japan seems to be departing from its conventional low-profile diplomacy toward China , and readying itself to construct a comprehensive long-term national and regional security strategy .
Today 's complex security environment , with terrorist attacks by non-state actors occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars , demands a nimble , integrated strategy .
Rather , North Korea 's aim was to postpone the six-party talks as long as possible in order to force direct bilateral negotiations with the US , in which it would presumably extract energy assistance and other aid while demanding a security guarantee for `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il .
The decision , coming at the cabinet 's regular meeting on February 15th , was not intended to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's 63rd birthday the following day . But it did show that Japan 's government , having long suspected that North Korea already possessed nuclear weapons , would not be intimidated into a fundamental policy change by confirmation of the threat .
The United States Defense Department views China 's goal as being to build a series of military and diplomatic strategic bases -- a so-called `` string of pearls '' -- along the major sea lanes from the South China Sea to the oil rich Middle East .
On the Spratley and Paracel islands -- seized from Vietnam and the Philippines respectively -- China is building port facilities to moor large surface ships and runways large enough to handle long-range bombers .
Instead , they reflect China 's long-term strategic goal of establishing hegemony across Asia .
Moreover , it continues to build its '' string of pearls '' of military bases at every key point on maritime transportation routes along the `` arc of instability '' from the Middle East to China 's coast .
By granting him political asylum , we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within Europe 's borders .
Yes , there are bubbles here and there , whether it is real estate in Shanghai and Dubai or stocks in Mumbai , but there has also been serious long-range planning that is likely to give these countries a strong position for years to come .
The talk now is of a global recession that will be steep and prolonged .
Of course , settling this long-festering dispute is to be welcomed , but the cost is that ceding territory has become a precedent .
None of these countries needs NATO , but the smell of PATO , CENTO , SEATO , and other long forgotten pacts and pseudo pacts is again in the air .
But the West would also suffer , for a new `` instability arch '' along the Russian-Ukrainian border would kill the idea of establishing an alliance of the world 's large powers against new threats and revive rivalry between blocs of a different kind .
Of course , Russia partly belongs to this region .
The idea of a `` Union of Europe '' between Russia and the EU should be put on the long-term agenda .
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
They must at least pretend that they intend to build it , in order to appease America 's powerful nuclear `` isolationists , '' who long for the past golden age of US strategic invulnerability .
Talk about creating regional , cooperative ABM systems might be helpful in preventing the development of long-range missiles by Europe 's neighbors .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
It was not as bad as during Soviet times , when we used to side with the Third World against both America and Europe , but it was still not in Russia 's long-term interest .
But do Russians really want to tickle their vanity at the expense of the long-term interests of our economically devastated country ?
More generally , Russia must play the oil card , which still gives the country a powerful trump in international relations , especially in light of long-term destabilization of the Middle East .
Wise use of oil resources will not only provide a long-term foundation for Russia 's modernization , but will also enhance Russia 's geopolitical influence .
The UN is in the midst of a serious , long-term crisis .
This will inevitably prove to be the source of long-term political and military instability in large parts of Africa , the Middle East , Central and South Asia , as well as a number of former Soviet republics .
The second cause at the root of the UN crisis is the fact that the US is no longer interested in observing the old rules of international relations .
Restructuring must start with the UN Security Council , whose 1945 mandate is no longer viable .
Much has been accomplished along the way , for Afghanistan and for the world .
Unfortunately , for the past two years , Pakistan has been suffering as much or perhaps more than Afghanistan has suffered . Almost the entire tribal belt along the Pakistan\/Afghanistan border is suffering .
Villagers are killed or ordered to pack their belongings and leave .
But will the Fund now abandon its long-held emphasis on government cutbacks , monetary contraction , and overall austerity , policies that -- in the opinion of many development economists -- do considerably more harm than good ?
The age of the Renaissance man is long gone .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Leaders around the world are vigorously debating the advisability of establishing a no-fly zone to stop the violence unfolding in Libya . Some cite Bosnia , where NATO took too long to protect civilian populations in the mid-1990 's , as a reason to act .
In the longer term , however , the Chinese authorities have every reason to be worried : Xinjiang will grow to be a problem like Tibet .
Indeed , though the UNPO , to which both belong -- alongside Assyria and the Buffalo River Dene Nation -- has a vaguely Marx Brothers ' air to it -LRB- one expects Freedonia , the mythical country of which Groucho Marx was prime minister , to be on the roster -RRB- , six member states already have left it to join the UN , and Kosovo , now independent if lacking UN recognition , will eventually follow .
Throughout Iran 's long history , Shiite seminaries exercised great influence on Iranian society and politics , but they had been considered civil institutions .
Accordingly , the seminary establishment was no longer a civil structure managing only religious affairs , but instead developed into a unified , ideological party serving the interests of the regime .
Since Shiite fundamentalism is itself a recent phenomenon , the early Iranian revolutionaries inevitably rebuilt the religious seminaries along lines suggested by the Iranian opposition 's most powerful pre-revolutionary discourse : communist ideology .
With the seminaries politicized and their independence greatly reduced , the religious establishment is no longer in a position to confer political legitimacy on the regime .
But now Ahmedinejad 's opponents are moving to reassert longstanding constraints on the presidency .
Over-reliance on oil revenues , the effect of longstanding international sanctions , and the reluctance of foreign companies to invest in Iran have exacerbated the economy 's structural problems .
Parties that call themselves democratic are not only going along with Musharraf in this fraudulent election , but are also helping to restore the status quo .
Some were talented and believed that the new subsidies and incentives rendered long-term investments in the industry highly attractive .
Russians no longer care about slogans and symbols because paying bills and feeding their families does n't leave time for indoctrination and ideology .
Perhaps this is something the West should have realized about the Soviet economy all along .
In Western Europe , Japan , and the United States , places where individuality lost its novelty long ago and where the managerial spirit and mass commerce flourish , this sameness may be something to debate .
Korolev was offended ; his rocket was n't just a piece of metal , and , after his success with Sputnik , he no longer considered Glushko his equal .
In the late 1980s , these talkative `` liberal Soviets '' presented a stark contrast to the dour hard-liners of the Brezhnev era , as they incited -LRB- mostly inadvertently -RRB- the collapse of the Soviet empire and began the long transition to democracy .
A professor of French at Tbilisi University says that `` 75 % of high school graduates who enter the university no longer know even the multiplication table , let alone French or other foreign languages . ''
Moreover , teacher salaries have plummeted to 25-40 larys -LRB- 12 - 19 $ -RRB- a month , so that `` learning is no longer separable from a bribe . ''
Today 's Russia is no longer a two-tier society .
Kim seemed to reason that , while Russia was no longer Soviet , it retained enough socialist overtones to work with his country .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
For too long Russia practiced either the diplomacy of the thug or that of the Byzantine .
Until the Aliyev 's came along , only North Korea 's utterly loony Kim Il Sung managed to anoint his son atop a red throne .
So Putin 's authoritarianism creeps along , but by Russian standards it is far from being hideously creepy .
But the old ideas , the mimicry and symbols Putin employs to achieve his goals , no longer correspond to today 's realities or Russia 's present capabilities .
His embittered attempts to counter American power are equally short-sighted : helping Iran develop its nuclear program and selling high-tech weapons to China are hardly in Russia 's long-term strategic interest .
But the fact that Russia 's social and economic diseases are going unaddressed has consigned the country to the long-term decline that his presidency was supposed to reverse .
The election of Putin 's longtime acolyte and handpicked successor , Dmitri Medvedev , as Russia 's president means that Putin is formally surrendering all the pomp and circumstance of Kremlin power .
For 1,000 years , Russia has belonged to such a category . ''
Moreover , with animosity between East and West at their highest since the Cold War 's end , Russia 's trading partners are anxiously looking for other options , which may mean that Putin has damaged Russia 's long-term prospects for an export-led recovery as well .
Now that America is no longer saddled with a president loathed around the world , Putin has lost one of the key tools that had helped him boost Russia 's international standing .
When General Yevgeni Malashenko declined in fear that he might be arrested , the 94-year-old Király flew to Moscow , where he spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired Red Army generals .
By 1968 , the Polish regime could no longer tolerate his presence .
In addition , Gazprom is now overpaying its suppliers , because its long-term contracts are for prices that are now far above market prices .
Similarly , while the world today searches for ways to confront dependence on fossil fuels and seeks other , cleaner energy sources , Russia continues to live off its oil and gas , which only encourages it to delay the economic and political restructuring that it will need to succeed in the long term .
The world 's changing before them and they 're clinging to something in the past that 's not sustainable . '' So long as the façade holds , Russians will continue to cling to Putin 's illusion of power .
At considerable domestic political risk , Tymoshenko concluded a long-term gas transit and purchase agreement with Russia that is transparent and market-oriented , as well as a far-reaching agreement with the European Union , the World Bank , the EBRD , and the European Investment Bank on reform of Ukraine 's gas sector and gas-transit system .
A victory for Yanukovich now may be the last free vote Ukraine sees for a long time .
The irony -LRB- if there is an irony at all -RRB- is that this tragedy came at a time when mistrust seemed , at long last , to be giving way to better , more businesslike relations and greater understanding between the two countries .
Although the Nazi-Soviet Pact did not last long -- Germany invaded Russia in 1941 -- for Poland there was no way out .
In fact , the animosity ran so deep that when both countries were no longer communist , and Russia was looking to replace its November 7 Bolshevik Revolution holiday , it came up with November 4 , the anniversary of the Russian boyars ' victory in 1612 over Polish King Sigismund 's short-lived occupation of Moscow .
MOSCOW -- Russian President Dmitri Medvedev 's decision to fire Moscow 's long entrenched mayor , Yuri Luzhkov , is the most decisive move he has made in his presidency .
With the presidential term now extended to six years , we can expect an encore lasting up to 12 years -- longer than Putin 's original performance .
After 12 years in power , and grasping for 12 more , Putin can no longer sustain the pretense of adhering to democracy and promoting modernization .
More personally , I wanted to see for myself the divide that for too long had kept Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots apart .
A settlement would also send a message to the world that disputes as long-standing and complex as that in Cyprus can be resolved peacefully . That is why , despite all the obstacles , the negotiators must persevere along the road to peace .
Women such as Leonora Pocaterrazas , 21 , who died in childbirth not long ago in the mountain village of Columpapa Grande , Bolivia , leaving her husband to raise three other children on his own .
They may struggle to find proper nutrition and work long hours in factories and fields until the day they go into labor .
At the same time , our response must be viewed within the broader context of recovery and long-term development .
Along the way , we must help strengthen Haitian institutions .
The recent elections were a milestone in the country 's long and very hard road .
The `` CD , '' as it is informally known , has long served as the world 's only multilateral forum for negotiating disarmament .
After all , the deadlock has ominous implications for international security ; the longer it persists , the graver the nuclear threat -- from existing arsenals , from the proliferation of such weapons , and from their possible acquisition by terrorists .
The 66th session of the UN General Assembly is a renewed opportunity for the countries of the world to set aside narrow , short-term interests and commit to cooperative efforts to address humanity 's long-term imperatives .
Nations can no longer protect their interests , or advance the well-being of their people , without the partnership of the rest .
Wealthy countries worry about recession , while the poor can no longer afford to eat .
Only sustainable development -- a global embrace of green growth -- offers the world , rich countries as well as poor , an enduring prospect of long-term social well-being and prosperity .
Despite a longstanding taboo against using nuclear weapons , disarmament remains only an aspiration .
They could agree on a framework of separate , mutually reinforcing instruments . Or they could consider negotiating a nuclear-weapons convention , backed by a strong verification system , as has long been proposed at the UN .
Yet , while I welcome this debate and fully recognize the need for long-term measures , I am acutely conscious of time .
Aid programs for developing nations should be considered a part of any global stimulus and long-term economic recovery plan .
But it will take leadership to translate that vision into action , just as it will take leadership to balance our larger long-term interests against the fierce urgencies of now .
They live longer , go further in school , and tend to bear fewer and more prosperous children as they invest more in the children they do have .
Particularly in South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa , cultural norms and economic hardships stop parents from sending their daughters to school or from keeping them in school for as long as they enroll their sons .
The isolation of the Turkish Cypriots , who opted in favor of an internationally acceptable solution , can not be sustained any longer .
So I am amazed to see people going along with the currently fashionable political argument that policies like cap-and-trade , government mandates , and subsidies for renewable energy can actually benefit an economy .
This means that over the longer term , everyone will be competing for a piece of a pie that is smaller than it would have been without energy rationing .
Out of the Asylum Serbia &#45; &#45; long castigated as the land whose late president , Slobodan Milo¨evi? , launched a genocide in Yugoslavia &#45; &#45; is not accustomed to finding itself lauded for safeguarding human rights .
But our emotional reactions , from frustration and anger to sadness , have been cushioned and sublimated by our work , the long rhythm of our days together , and , above all , by the support of family and close friends .
Sadly , when we meet again in ten years , this will no longer hold true .
Since then , the countries of Central and Eastern Europe have come a long way . Many are now members of the European Union .
Instead of focusing on treatment that works , the Polish government chooses to give priority to long-term rehabilitation centers located in the depths of the countryside that have little , if anything , to do with evidence-based medicine .
Simply put , governments can no longer afford to drain precious time and money that could be better spent elsewhere by locking up people for drug-related offenses .
Such changes have been fairly rare in a region long dominated by `` big men '' such as Omar Bongo , Obiang , and Cameroon 's President Paul Biya .
The potential for social unrest has been demonstrated on several occasions in recent years , while divisions along ethno-regional , linguistic , and civil-military lines suggest that any power vacuum at the top could be potentially destabilizing .
Nchama 's appointment was a success for Equatorial Guinea in its long quest to boost its influence in CEMAC .
Along with the 12 states -LRB- and Washington D.C. -RRB- that bar capital punishment altogether , a clear majority of American jurisdictions now ban the practice .
The DPJ 's only reason for being , however , is its anti-LDP stance , while the SDP has long opposed the Japan-US Security Treaty , and the PNP strongly opposes the privatizations of the Koizumi era .
Hatoyama 's administration , however , is attempting to reverse the current plan , which the LDP administration and the US had agreed upon after long and intense discussions .
Indeed , China no longer even tries to hide its desire for hegemony in the Pacific .
Vietnam 's strategic position -- as a neighbor of China , situated parallel to the great sea trade routes of Asia -- always made the country tremendously important , which may be one reason why its anti-colonial wars lasted so long .
By acting to invigorate an Asian order that rejects hegemonic dominance , even to the extent of improving its military ties with the US , Vietnam has shown that it has learned its own lessons from the blood and treasure that it lost in its long wars of independence .
Others view the attack as simply another in a long line of provocations , and thus not to be taken all that seriously .
Japan no longer focuses on exporting finished goods to Europe and North America , but on exporting parts and components for assembly in China .
The alternative is a China that becomes part of a cooperative effort to bind Asia in a rules-based system similar to that which has underpinned long-term peace in Europe .
Most immediately , Kim 's aim is to pressure Barack Obama 's administration into weakening the US-led sanctions against North Korea , having evidently decided that his dynasty has no future so long as the sanctions remain in place .
Similar scenes can be found throughout the T?hoku region , along Japan 's northeastern Sanriku Coast .
But Japan 's long history of earthquakes and tsunamis -- and now advanced forecasting technology -- had made people complacent .
One is the beginning of the end of the nearly decade-long struggle in Afghanistan -- the longest war in United States history -- with President Barack Obama announcing the withdrawal of 30,000 US troops from the country by next summer .
Gates , however , is due to step down from his post shortly , which is unfortunate , because the Obama administration 's apparent lack of any explicit Asia strategy means that Gates 's reassurances might not reassure for very long .
In Afghanistan , their long-term interests are essentially in harmony , as none -- including China -- wants to see Afghanistan become a haven for terrorism once again .
The DPP has long been the Taiwanese party keenest on securing independence for the country .
But now that his party is in power and must face the reality of running the second largest economy in the world , and coping with its huge debt burden , he is tossing aside his long-held views , broaching the subject of tax increases to help close the government 's gaping budget deficit .
To stop the country 's fiscal rot , Japan must achieve a consensus on the type of social services that national and local governments should offer , for how long , and at what cost .
Instead of overseeing the government 's management of the outbreak , Hirotaka Akamatsu , the minister of agriculture , forestry , and fishing , took a long trip to Cuba to meet Raúl Castro -- a very strange decision given strained US-Japan relations .
But in 1993 , having failed to gain control of the party , he bolted , along with 45 other Diet members to create the Shinsei Party , supposedly to press for electoral reform .
But , as the LDP retained the most seats in the upper house , it soon forged a coalition with its long-time rivals , the Social Democrats , forcing Ozawa back into opposition .
Ozawa 's fall can -- but may not -- return Japanese politics to where it belongs : in the hands of its elected leaders .
Yet , despite this , it is hard to escape the conclusion that the EU 's role in Pakistan bears all the hallmarks of the pre-Maastricht polity that it no longer wants to be : technocratic , apolitical , and marginalized by the United States .
Finally , the US no longer has a string of relatively stable clients in the region .
The Saudis made it clear in 2003 that they could no longer host US military installations .
Since mid-2007 , expectations regarding long-term sustainability have been weakening . Indeed , the efficiency of public spending is doubtful , with scant positive results to show for it .
The threat of crisis in 2011 has eased , but doubts about the longer term remain .
Argentina 's high levels of social exclusion and poverty remain unsolved problems that must be addressed if long-term growth is to be sustained .
Because the dollar is the dominant world reserve currency , and America 's Fed controls the supply of US dollars , as long as China sticks to a fixed exchange rate , it can not control its own money supply .
Similarly , any attempt to increase the money supply by lowering interest rates would fail as long as the exchange rate between the renminbi and dollar remains fixed .
As long as US policy supported stable prices in world markets , the system worked well , notwithstanding the asymmetry and built-in conflict over the control of monetary policy .
Moreover , they no longer know how their economies will be able to grow in post-crisis Europe .
Has the Italian minister thought for a minute how his government would pay for all its public spending on welfare , and other items , if Italy 's interest rates no longer were subsidized by the ECB ?
Some on the Governing Council have grown uncomfortable that euro-zone interest rates have stayed so low , at 2 % , for so long -LRB- more than two years -RRB- .
It is doubtful that the ECB would raise interest rates to curb excess liquidity so long as economic recovery remains in question .
The public should be relieved if the ECB raises rates , because this would most likely signal that the long-awaited economic recovery is well under way , and that inflationary repercussions are being addressed .
Now , to his credit , Trichet has done something about this long-standing problem , although not without ruffling some feathers in the process .
Ironically , the `` inflation targeting '' advocated by Greenspan 's nominated successor , Ben Bernanke , lies closer to ECB monetary policy than to the discretionary activism that the Fed has practiced during Greenspan 's long tenure .
Second , Europe 's economic recovery is progressing to the point where exports are no longer the sole source of growth .
The recently rising euro also has helped keep down European long-term interest rates -- a key determinant of economic activity -- as inflationary expectations deteriorated somewhat in the euro-zone area .
In June , the ECB jettisoned its long-standing practice of not changing rates outside of Frankfurt , increasing them by 25 basis points in Madrid .
Without fanfare , German workers accepted longer hours without increases in pay .
This is no longer possible .
Trichet is a tough guy with a long history of standing up to the French politicians .
Given US President George W. Bush 's extreme unpopularity in Europe , the emergence of an anti-American right should no longer be considered a remote possibility .
The United States long has been Europe 's protector .
Every soft number -- and there have plenty lately -- is given a positive spin -LRB- `` euro-zone economic fundamentals remain strong '' or `` the economy remains robust '' -RRB- &#45; &#45; and the media goes along with the deception .
The longer the ECB maintains its inflationary bias , the steeper the consequent economic decline as the economy crumbles under the weight of the skyrocketing euro and interest rates that are too high for current economic realities -LRB- though lower than where the ECB hawks had planned to go before the current financial crisis hit -RRB- .
The first misstep was the ECB 's delay in tightening monetary policy , long after it had become obvious that interest rates had been held too low -LRB- at 2 % -RRB- for too long -LRB- from June 2003 to December 2005 -RRB- .
Many in the Governing Council wanted to go faster , because they knew they had a long journey in front of them , but Trichet refused .
The essential economic reality confronting the ECB today is that the American economy is falling headlong into a serious slump -- Bernanke 's surprise cut speaks volumes to this .
-LRB- The Dutch never would go along with this . -RRB-
Therefore it can not be dull for long periods because people will then begin to doubt democracy itself .
In a world of incompetence and corruption , liberals must no longer support weak government .
Besides , heroes are no longer needed here .
Then , instead of buying Polish farms and modernizing them , Dutch and Germans and Danes and others will visit the farms as a type of rural Disneyland , a place where you see what the long-ago past was like .
Serbia 's dynamic and mainly youthful mainstream political elite appears prepared to turn a corner and make sacrifices to secure Serbia 's long-term future in the EU -LRB- and possibly NATO -RRB- .
The status quo is untenable in the longer term .
And Kosovo officials should consider that if the impasse continues for much longer , the West 's massive financial support for their state will become increasingly difficult to defend , especially given fiscal austerity at home .
They reflect the instincts of Polish voters . People vote for all kinds of parties , from the far right all the way to the left , so long as they are convinced that the parties will deal with their social concerns and grievances .
Yet the strong link between the fate of the coalition -LRB- and that of the Fourth Republic -RRB- and a fickle electorate addicted to social benefits will block the serious reforms that are needed to put the economy on a sound footing in the long term .
In Moscow , development organizations and recipient countries , both long-standing and newer partners -- including Russia , China , Korea , Turkey , and Poland -- will meet to share best practices , consider innovations in development , and find ways of using aid more effectively to respond to shared global challenges .
Before long , allies in the war against fascism split apart in a Cold War .
American relations with North Korea , and the ongoing six-party talks , certainly belong at the top of the list .
Not long after President George W. Bush came into office , his administration took a hard-line stance against the North Korean regime , calling for a review of the Clinton administration 's policy , and eventually tagging North Korea as a member of the `` axis of evil . ''
But Asia not only has the type of stable common ethical foundations that were so important to European integration ; it also has a well developed set of moral principles , some of which were an established part of Asian culture long before similar principles were adopted in Europe .
Although Asia seems to lack Europe 's cultural core , there are core ethical constants that have long governed Asian societies and indicate common ethical foundations .
In the first century C.E. , it continued its advance , spreading along the Silk Road to Central Asia and China , and finally made its way to Korea and Japan centuries later .
If a sufficient number of Arabs reached that threshold at the right time , the long-docile Arab street would explode in anger , with each group of new protesters encouraging more to join in , giving people elsewhere in the Arab world the courage to initiate protests of their own .
In 1989 , the fall of repressive East European regimes in quick succession stunned the world , including dissidents who had long recognized communism 's vulnerabilities .
All of these cases involved the mushrooming of public protest by long-quiescent constituencies with no prior record of coordinated action .
President Bush 's vision of a state of a free and independent Palestine established in 2005 alongside a safe and secure state of Israel could also be used as a benchmark for fresh talks .
Yet , despite history 's long train of failures , Hamas 's June 2007 seizure of control of Gaza , and its pariah status in the West , we are repeatedly told by the US that 2008 will be the year of a peace agreement .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
The US has also opposed Israel 's unilateral annexation of East Jerusalem , and -- along with every country on the planet -- refused to recognize the application of Israeli law to residents of East Jerusalem .
Time is no longer on the side of those who favor two states .
The conference , it appears , succeeded in reuniting and reinvigorating the movement , which has suffered since the death of its founder and long-time leader , Yasser Arafat .
Dahlan , accused by some of being responsible for the loss of Gaza to Hamas , gave a strong speech accusing the previous Fatah leadership of having lost Gaza long before it actually fell to Hamas in June 2007 .
The Fatah movement has a long way to go before it becomes a full-fledged political party .
So long as Israeli soldiers control the occupied territories , the idea of a settlement freeze will not take root .
Along that tortuous route , the world 's major powers are bound to be offended , probably quite regularly .
The main component of the PLO 's agreement with Israel was a five-year interim period during which negotiations were expected to lead to an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel .
In 2002 , he was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that he led the Second Intifada , which had begun two years earlier , and ordered some of its military attacks .
Hundreds of Israeli peace supporters , along with some international activists , have joined evicted Palestinians to protest the actions of these radical settlers , which have been supported by municipal and government officials .
Israel has yet to produce a single written document outlining its position on the territory that will become a Palestinian state alongside Israel .
After all , Palestinians and Israelis are no longer interested in the peace process .
Arab youth had finally moved , and Obama and his team made the right statements to encourage them , while also making it clear to the Egyptian and Tunisian regimes that they could no longer hide behind the claim that they were fighting America 's war in north Africa .
Clearly , the Arab world was changing , and the US was suddenly no longer an enemy , but a friend .
In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation . Until liberation , there could be no business as usual .
Alongside this effort , vigorous negotiations on a permanent settlement should start immediately .
Improving the daily conditions of life , particularly increasing Palestinians ' freedom of travel both between Gaza and the West Bank and within the West Bank , will also go a long way in helping to create a positive atmosphere .
That process , now as before , must culminate in an independent and democratic Palestine alongside a safe and secure Israel .
Although ordinary Lebanese have paid a huge human , economic , and infrastructural price , Hezbollah has made it clear to the Israelis that they can no longer take their military predominance for granted .
Holding Arab land and prisoners indefinitely will no longer be an asset but a terrible burden .
Soldiers are the first to recognize that military power is of limited value in achieving long-term peace .
But this changed dramatically after 9\/11 , when it became clear that Iraqi and Afghan civilian victims of US bombs -LRB- as well as prisoners of war -RRB- would receive more coverage than was being provided by the embedded western media machine -LRB- Al Jazeera 's one embedded journalist did not remain so very long -RRB- .
As it celebrates its tenth anniversary , Al Jazeera is no longer new , but it remains a trendsetter .
All this changes now that the National Front no longer has a two-thirds majority -- which had allowed it to amend the constitution 40 times in 50 years .
Even accounting for the costs to short-term losers -LRB- say , particular industries or workers with certain skills -RRB- , the overall long-term benefits can be large .
Estonia did not need to ponder long about the options it faced .
A sense of belonging to Europe , to Western civilization , always dominated the Estonian mind .
Mubarak and Qaddafi , along with Tunisia 's Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali and Abdelaziz Bouteflika of Algeria , are among the world 's oldest and longest-serving heads of state .
France , the United Kingdom , Australia , Sweden , Norway , and Switzerland all support this urgent agenda , and agree that impunity for this type of global crime can no longer be tolerated .
In these circumstances , we need collective action for global recovery along four main policy lines : repair , reform , rebalancing , and rebuilding .
Japan 's Malaise Was Made In America The long bureaucratic struggle over whom to name as the next Governor of the Bank of Japan is over .
As long as US interest rates were high , Japanese interest rates remained fairly positive , allowing the BOJ to moderate the effects of the yen 's appreciation by easing domestic monetary policy .
Before long , monetary tightening accompanied renewed trade friction with the US , prompting more yen appreciation and another recession .
As long as America borrows Japanese savings to fuel its domestic investment , a trade deficit is inevitable .
From a purely economic point of view , pulling Japan out of its long slump would be simple .
Hu , a life-long Party functionary , was able to fool most observers during his first year in office .
Clearly , investment in food production must be increased in the medium and longer term .
A conclusion to the Doha Round of global trade negotiations could constitute part of the medium - to long-term response to food-price crises , by removing many of the restrictions and distortions that have muddied the supply-side picture .
To help settle this long-standing dispute , I studied why the number of recognized psychiatric disorders has ballooned so dramatically in recent decades .
In the long run , Russia and China are likely to be rivals for power and influence in Central Asia .
Iran could also view the transitions in Central Asia as an opportunity to expand its regional influence , particularly given its close ethnic and cultural ties with Tajikistan and its long border with Turkmenistan .
As long as the US remains involved militarily in Afghanistan , access to facilities in Central Asia will remain important .
America , India , Europe , and Japan will face increasing tension between their short-term military needs in the region and their long-term goal of promoting political reform in order to create more stable and reliable partners .
They assumed that Czech and Polish leaders -- who were strongly pro-American -- would willingly agree to deployment , and that public opinion in both countries would go along with whatever the governments decided .
The extension of the basing accord until 2042 was accompanied by an agreement permitting the return of Russian intelligence officers to the Sevastopol base and the termination of Ukraine 's long-term intelligence cooperation with NATO .
It would also have a dampening impact on the long-term prospects for reform in Belarus by creating an eastern bloc of Slavic nations suspicious of the West .
Iranian officials had to shift gears quickly once their own population began to call for the same democratic rights , suggesting that Iran could face stronger pressures for democracy and political change over the medium and long run .
After all , officials can not easily devalue a currency whose exchange rate is set by law , as with currency boards -- much less one that , through official dollarization , no longer exists .
Institutional reforms meant the government could no longer use public resources with the same discretion as before .
The promises to care for the poor and disadvantaged that are being made by all the candidates will turn out to be as empty as all the other rhetoric about justice and equality that Bolivians have heard in their long , sad history .
Since 2005 , Bolivian exports have increased six-fold , along with fiscal revenue .
A long strike by public transport workers was followed by another , just as long , staged by the Central Obrera -LRB- Bolivia 's trade union federation -RRB- and state employees .
The absence of big , old individual cod and other fish is worrisome from the standpoint of the short-term ecological health of the stock , as well its longer-term genetic health .
The long-term concern is that fishing is intended to be selective ; fishermen aim to harvest the most profitable species and the most profitable sizes within species .
Skin cancer , long thought to be a disease of little public health significance , has now become epidemic .
As young people consider themselves immortal , not even appeals to lifelong vanity , let alone warnings about cancer , are sufficient to deter them from the tanning booths .
Many Americans can only shake their heads at the energy lobbyists who surround Bush and Vice-President Dick Cheney , and for a long time now a majority has been in favor of signing multilateral agreements , particularly in the area of climate protection .
Those who disdain environmental concerns have been ousted at the polls in large numbers , companies invest huge amounts in environmental technologies , states are suing car producers for their climate-adverse policies , and the requirements of the Kyoto Protocol have long been surpassed by some states -- a lesson for German and European cities and municipalities .
In this framework , the old G-7 \/ 8 can no longer function as a hegemonic center , but rather as a kind of broker and preparatory body .
This flexible -LRB- and , alas , fragile -RRB- architecture of multi-level negotiation can function only as long as it is oriented towards clear moral bases for negotiation , has sufficient democratic legitimacy , and is supported in national and local arenas of action .
In 1963 , when the world narrowly escaped nuclear catastrophe , the physicist Max Born wrote : `` World peace in a world that has grown smaller is no longer a Utopia , but rather a necessity , a condition for the survival of mankind . '' Those words have never been truer .
But now that America and its coalition have proven themselves to be incapable of bringing stability to Iraq on their own , the French and German governments can no longer rest and smugly say , `` I told you so , '' as the situation deteriorates even further .
Yet , however desirable this outcome , it is no longer likely -LRB- if it ever was -RRB- .
For their part , EU governments should provide the UN - on whose involvement in Iraq they have long insisted - with the protective force it needs to prepare nation-wide elections in Iraq later in the year , and ask others to join .
When France Says No Not long ago , an American political analyst compared France 's loss of influence in Europe following its `` No '' vote in the 2005 referendum on the EU constitutional treaty with France 's surrender in 1940 .
France 's loss of influence in Europe is no longer at stake today , because the notion of influence presupposes that the overriding preoccupation of EU member states is to advance their own national interests .
On the one hand , he needs to maximize his control of the economy and society in order to raise wages and pensions and to keep opponents down , while nourishing the long-tail of patronage that keeps him in power .
The possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
On energy , it is picking off individual EU member states and signing long-term deals that undermine the core principles of the EU 's common strategy .
So long as the EU continues to sway between integration and containment , it will continue to appear to the Kremlin as weak and directionless . That , in turn , will merely encourage Russia to become even more assertive .
One 1989 study showed that women with metastatic breast cancer who attended support groups survived longer , but these results have not been duplicated .
Although it is likely , the short - and long-term outcomes of such changes may not always suffice in the fight against work-related stress .
Yet it makes clear the basic philosophy of `` Kemalism '' -LRB- the ruling ideas of Kemal Ataturk -RRB- which say that to survive and prosper a country must become part of modern civilization , accepting much of what is distinctively western , including equal rights for women , teaching modern science , and disestablishing religion so that it no longer plays a part in government or the legal process .
He was no longer able to work , travel , choose his place of residence , buy or sell property , or even marry .
The court ruled that total guardianship was a `` disproportionate '' response in Shtukaturov 's case , and its judgment recognized the importance of supplying tailor-made alternatives for people who require temporary or long-term care .
The district is poor by any reckoning , with 100,000 people crammed into shabby corrugated iron and tarpaulin-covered huts along miles of dirt pathways and hillsides .
For their part , producers of news have long since ceased to believe that news is propaganda .
Thus , even without any change in the current system of regulation , extensive coverage of disasters , judicial abuses , and citizens ' pursuit of their statutory rights , along with the questioning of policies from public perspectives , is now common .
Consulting at an early stage would help manage misperceptions -- often fueled by reports in the media long before deals are concluded -- and thus strengthen convergence and unity among EU member states .
Four decades ago , Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer approved the creation of new textbooks that children in both countries would use to help heal the century-long Franco-German antagonism .
Some values , long espoused by the Union , should be relatively easy to convey .
Indeed , all 13 economies with an average annual growth rate of 7 % or more for 25 years or longer , identified in the Growth Commission Report led by Nobel laureate Michael Spence , are market economies .
The world is now so far down the path of integration that turning back is no longer a viable option .
The euro represents the dollar 's strongest competitor , so long as the eurozone successfully addresses its current sovereign-debt crisis through bailouts and longer-term institutional reforms that safeguard the gains from a long-running single-market project .
But developing countries ' currencies will undoubtedly become more prominent in the longer term .
Although internationalization of the economy has served China well , it is unlikely that the current 35 % share of GDP claimed by exports and the heavy reliance on foreign technology are sustainable in the long run .
Corruption is difficult to reduce drastically so long as politicians and bureaucrats have much `` to sell '' to firms and individuals -- including rationed loans from public-sector banks and regulatory permits of various types .
During this century-long period , Sweden moved from being one of the poorest western countries to being the third richest country in terms of GDP per capita .
But such an insignificant rate hike will do little to relieve long-term pressures , because investors will expect more rate hikes and move money into China , increasing upward pressure on the yuan 's exchange rate .
So , the dollar will continue to weaken until the rate of increase in new money into the US economy no longer exceeds that of domestic economic growth and corresponds to the pace of monetary expansion followed by central banks in the rest of the world .
For the last couple of years , the FARC , many of whose leaders believe that they `` win '' simply by prolonging the conflict , has been seeking ways -- for example , a humanitarian exchange and political recognition -- to ease the military pressure that it has faced since Uribe came to power .
There was never any public explanation for this message , either , just rumors - that `` Roma '' was Roman Abramovich -LRB- this was long before the tycoon bought the Chelsea football team , becoming a world celebrity -RRB- , and that he had close ties with then President Boris Yeltsin 's inner circle , known as `` the Family . ''
Today , with oil prices dramatically reduced , this largesse is no longer available , and economic experts agree that the growth potential of Russia 's petro-economy has been exhausted .
The Kremlin may have monopolized decision-making , but it is largely non-intrusive and enables citizens to live their own lives and pursue their own interests -- as long as they do not encroach on the government realm .
The Chinese people will no longer know what is personal honesty or historical truth , and they will repeatedly abuse , miss , or forsake historic opportunities .
As long as the Cultural Revolution remains unaccounted for , it will not have ended .
Any realistic agenda for change in Cuba inexorably requires opening up to the world , along with ensuring full freedom within the country .
For example , visitors and residents alike have long thought of Hong Kong as a beautiful city clinging to the South China coast .
Furthermore , new coal-fired power plants may no longer be allowed on either side of the border , necessitating greater use of natural gas and renewable energy sources .
But , while it is right to believe in the power of education -- indeed , many scholars are convinced that it creates healthier , more prosperous citizens -- such enthusiasm does n't tell us how to get more children to stay in school longer , or how to ensure that they learn useful skills while they are there .
First , there is credible evidence that children who are better nourished in their first years of life stay in school longer and learn more each year that they remain there .
This question was addressed in a groundbreaking project involving a long list of the world 's top economists at the Copenhagen Consensus last year .
Placing an emphasis on automated , computer-based systems for procurement and revenue collection will go a long way to limit corruption .
More people with more belongings live closer to harm 's way .
In January , Hong Kong was gripped by its second-longest cold spell since 1885 .
The last ¤ 500 million could fund an eight-fold increase in research and development aimed at improving CO2-efficient energy technologies , enabling everyone in the long run to reduce emissions much more dramatically , and at much lower cost .
As a result , we risk losing sight of tackling the world 's most important problems first , as well as missing the best long-term approach to global warming .
In the long run , such actions are likely to make a much greater impact on global warming than Kyoto-style responses .
We have to stop being scared silly , stop pursuing stupid policies , and start investing in smart long-term R&D . Accusations of `` crimes against humanity '' must cease .
In reality , the talks collapsed because nobody -- not Europe , not the United States , China , India , or the other main developing countries -- was willing to take the political short-term hit by offending inefficient farmers and coddled domestic industries in order to create greater long-term benefits for virtually everyone .
Ironically , the Associated Press , along with many other news outlets , told us in 2007 that the `` Arctic is screaming , '' and that the Northwest Passage was open `` for the first time in recorded history . ''
It is rather obvious that if you invest massively in inefficient solar panels , most of your money will go to buy the physical panels , whereas only a very small part will go to R&D . If you want more R&D , you should spend your money directly on R&D . This could tackle global warming in the longer run .
Clearly , a policy of reducing CO2 emissions would have had zero consequence on Katrina 's devastating impact on New Orleans , where such a disaster was long expected .
The list of urgent challenges facing humanity is depressingly long .
AIDS , hunger , armed conflict , and global warming compete for attention alongside government failure , malaria , and the latest natural disaster .
Making green energy cheap and prevalent will also take a long time .
The costs would also come much sooner than the benefits and persist much longer .
Instead , the panel recommended focusing investment on research into climate engineering as a short-term response , and on non-carbon-based energy as a longer-term response .
Millions of inhabitants would be imperiled , along with trillions of dollars worth of infrastructure .
Fear may be a great motivator in the short term , but it is a terrible basis for making smart decisions about a complicated problem that demands our full intelligence for a long period .
When Nobel Laureate economists weighed up how to achieve the most good for the world in a recent project called the Copenhagen Consensus , they found that focusing on HIV\/AIDS , malaria , malnutrition , and trade barriers should all be tackled long before we commit to any dramatic action on climate change .
Taxpayers could have recovered more of their losses if we had been more patient , as prices continued to rise for a long time .
If Europe is to gain a more important role in global leadership , it must reverse its long-term economic decline .
Europe 's citizens are unlikely to support measures to strengthen the EU if this means that working conditions can no longer be decided locally .
In fact , the analogy of holding victims at gunpoint is misleading , because in public decision-making we can hardly claim that everything is all right as long as we do n't pull the trigger .
Nevertheless , as long as we see a chance to escape death , we run from it , and we expect those who take care of us to look for the escape routes .
In short , the EU will no longer be able to offer attractive membership prospects to neighboring countries , nor will it be able to allocate adequate resources for surrogate membership schemes like the Eastern Partnership .
Baghdad 's long suffering population , with its majority of alienated Shi'ites and a million disaffected Kurds , is unlikely to remain unmoved by the imminent arrival of US and British troops .
An uprising that would give the allies the city without a fight , however , is too much to expect so long as they fear that Saddam might survive to punish them .
But the possibility of attack was of course anticipated , and military planners determined that the only possible response was to counterattack as heavily and for as long as might be needed , until Palestinian attacks would stop , whether from exhaustion or agreement .
Over the years , Hezbollah has received and stored several thousand rockets and some one hundred longer-range missiles from Iran .
But the jailing of Liu also demonstrates in the starkest terms that China 's neglect of human rights is flowing to the rest of world alongside the mass of Chinese goods .
Though many people seem to be in denial about this , politics has retreated to a renewal of the last century 's long struggle for democracy and freedom .
So continued silence when poets , writers , or lawyers -- people like Shi Tao , Yang Tianshui , and Tan Zuoren -- are treated like criminals will only assure that China 's markets are eventually lost alongside Chinese freedoms .
But those who think that China 's mutant political authoritarianism and mighty economy can long prevail are guilty as well .
Ai 's arrest and disappearance , along with the severe prison sentence imposed on the Noble Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo , are driven by the same motivation : to dam the potential for political unrest and purge independent intellectuals .
When resources are scarce , or so degraded that they can no longer sustain livelihoods , or inequitably distributed , conflict invariably ensues .
Given this , it would be wise to spend at least part of the windfall on improving the capacity to innovate , which is essential for a long-term growth beyond the fluctuation of international commodity prices .
Unfortunately , faced with a choice between protecting the long-term interests and human rights of their customers and complying with laws implemented by unelected power-holders , technology firms like Microsoft , Yahoo , and Google seem to have embraced the Ah Q spirit . They have made it clear that when it comes to free expression , their priorities lie on the side of surrender .
In the long run , this does not bode well for their global reputations , which depend on users ' trust in the openness and independence of their products and services .
One day , perhaps , censorship will no longer make good business sense anywhere .
It took more than a year for Europe to do what everyone knew needed to be done to contain the Greek crisis , and it still may not be enough . For the approved measures do not provide the transparent and long-term commitment to restoring Greek finances that markets want to see .
Negative wealth and income effects this time around will be more severe , and the recovery process will probably take longer and be more complex .
It will take time and thorough analysis to specify the true consequences of Japan 's triple calamity , including the longer-term impact on its economy and that of the rest of the world .
Under his leadership , the long-standing and painful Aceh conflict was peacefully resolved .
Many senior Americans were puzzled that Turkey , a long-standing NATO ally and a secular state , refused to allow American forces to use Turkey as a base to invade Iraq .
But these instincts can be bolstered by wise long-term policies .
Indeed , the only viable long-term strategy to adopt , therefore , is to stop trying to isolate Iran and instead nudge Iranians into engaging more with modern Asia .
The West industrialized rapidly without worrying about climate change , contributing mightily to the stock of greenhouse gases that has led the world ever closer to the tipping point at which global warming can no longer be halted .
In the long run , however , the outcome of backing down may not be so clear .
China , in particular , should weigh carefully the long-term political price of celebrating its supposed victory over Japan .
When US global dominance was unquestioned , as in the 1990 's , it made sense for Israel to secure its long-term future by maintaining a stranglehold over the US Congress .
So time is no longer on Israel 's side .
The conflict between the two visions of reform should not obscure the fact that there is a general consensus in Egypt : substantial reform of some kind is necessary and long overdue .
Russia 's power structures , like those of America , must now be readied to conduct a very long struggle , entirely different from the old Soviet KGB way of suppressing dissent .
We Lebanese can already claim victory in our year-long non-violent fight for independence and democracy .
Even in the best of cases , as we have seen with Liberia , where a peace accord was signed in August , this takes a perilously long time .
Before the next Liberia comes along , we the world needs to find a way to provide resources for peacemaking much , much sooner .
We will all ultimately pay dearly , in human and financial terms , if we fail to ensure that these peace processes lead to long-term stability for societies that have already suffered far too much , for their immediate neighbors , and for the world at large .
Before long , the colonies were exporting wood to the many nations that no longer had the timber they needed for ships , casks , shingles , and other construction materials .
The US government will no longer be able to afford to invest hundreds of billions of dollars -LRB- the cost in Iraq alone will run into the trillions -RRB- trying to supply other people with decent government .
They would help to ensure that , even in an era of retrenchment in American foreign policy , the world would continue to enjoy the most important benefits of the expansive foreign policy that the US can no longer afford .
Other Arab countries -- Iraq , Syria , and Lebanon , for example -- are sharply divided along tribal , ethnic , and religious lines .
Cutting these programs will lower American economic growth in the long term , with negative consequences both at home and abroad .
The Romanian sculptor Brancusi once said that when the artist is no longer a child , he is dead .
My long road of immaturity began more than half a century ago .
Through language he feels rich and stable ; and when he is fully in charge of his wealth , he gains his citizenship , a sense of belonging .
I have learned , however , in the more than ten years that have passed since I felt that burning , to honor exile , doing so in the name of all that is challenge and epiphany , of all the doubts and the lifelong apprenticeship it implies , for its emptiness and richness , for the unfettering of myself and the clash within myself .
Everywhere , people face the contradiction between centrifugal , cosmopolitan modernity and the centripetal need -LRB- or at least nostalgia -RRB- for belonging .
A communist who considered himself an honest proletarian writer , but called by Stalin , the Red Clown of Power , `` svoloc '' -LRB- scoundrel -RRB- and `` balagancik '' -LRB- buffoon -RRB- , Platonov lived a lifelong ordeal .
So long as we celebrate Cervantes , however , perhaps all is not lost .
The critic Irving Howe , a New Yorker of long standing , tried to temper my enthusiasm .
Suddenly the builders could no longer understand each other .
Yet the recent revelation of the Czech writer Milan Kundera 's presumed complicity in the face of Stalinism is but the latest of the long half-life of a toxic past .
Friedrich Nietzsche said that if you look in the eye of the Devil for too long , you risk becoming a devil yourself .
Daily life under totalitarianism , be it communist or fascist , was routinely based on a deep duplicity whose effects are longstanding .
Revitalization of the extreme right in Hungary and the rise of `` National Bolshevism '' in Russia , where Tolstoy is now re-condemned by the Orthodox Church as a proto-communist , suggest a deeper and more pervasive atavistic longing .
That must be the ultimate goal , and step one in the long , winding battle to save Pakistan .
When I told the non-existent guard to hit the detainee , the instructor played along .
He pointed particularly to the PLA 's increasing number of short - , intermediate - and even long-range ballistic missiles .
It fails , for example , to take into account the hostile strategic culture against the US -- and against US strategic goals in the Asian and Pacific regions -- that has long been ingrained within the PLA .
America 's financial house had to be put in order , all debts repaid , and , as London had done for a long time , confidence had to be maintained , which meant guaranteeing the dollar 's convertibility into gold .
Indeed , the president is no longer required to provide the usual five-year forecast of the country 's fiscal position .
Many of these overdue reforms have long been promoted by leading football experts , such as the Dutch world-class striker Marco van Basten and the former FIFA referee Markus Merk of Germany .
Panics no longer occurred , which stabilized the financial system and contributed to sustained post-war economic growth .
Because banks service their depositors on a first-come-first-served basis , those who wait risk being left empty-handed , because the bank may be forced to liquidate its long term-assets at a loss and run out of resources .
Patient depositors no longer need to worry about others withdrawing their funds because it has no effect on them .
In case of panic , a good policy should help banks that have enough assets to cover their deposits but that ca n't pay all depositors at the same time because some assets are tied up in real estate or other long-term investments .
Along with the success of socially diverse candidates fielded by the Maoists , the Constituent Assembly that was elected in April represents an unprecedented array of marginalized groups .
Commitments to resolve the future of the Maoist combatants , along with what the peace agreements call the `` democratization '' of the state army , must now be implemented .
The Maoist and non-Maoist parties have asked the UN to maintain a political presence while the issue of the former combatants is resolved , and we stand ready to support peace-building , recovery , and long-term development .
Still , if competitiveness underpins the sustainability of trade deficits , there is in principle no good economic reason to impose short-run measures -- price and cost adjustments -- for the purpose of achieving a long-term objective , unless the purpose of price and cost adjustment is indeed to dampen demand .
Consequently , Africa 's rural population has been growing faster and for longer than any other in human history , with a correspondingly rapid and prolonged decline in per-capita endowments of land and other natural resources .
Generalizations and predictions rarely survive for long on a continent as diverse and volatile as Africa is .
Japan 's political system requires the same sort of structural reform that its economy has long needed .
Given Japan 's huge accumulated national debts , the LDP can no longer appease the electorate through pork-barrel spending .
Japan seems condemned to endure chronic and pointless political trench warfare until some crisis forces a realignment of political parties along ideological and policy lines .
Rather , Japan has initiated a series of abrupt policy changes , while the US , only dimly aware of the significance of its relative decline , assumes that Japan 's decades-long docility will continue .
Ozawa 's political style is that of his mentor , former Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka -LRB- 1972-1974 -RRB- , who became the longtime boss of the biggest faction of the former ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- after his resignation following bribery charges .
Indeed , there is a long tradition of retired police `` parachuting '' into lucrative posts in `` Pachinko , '' the de-facto gambling industry and , to a lesser extent , across the public gambling sectors .
But Japan 's long-floundering economy has eaten revenue from traditional activities that required muscle , such as gambling , prostitution , and loan-sharking .
For example , `` land-sharking '' -- the practice of coercing landowners to sell their land and then flipping it for huge profits -- is no longer as lucrative as it once was , because land prices have been flat for years .
Consequently , he was aloof from the DPJ 's feud with Japan 's powerful bureaucratic mandarins , who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic\/cabinet system in which the once-ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- passed mandarin-drafted , cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets , almost continuously , for five decades .
Kan 's status quo approach to alliance management wo n't hold up long , because Hatoyama 's bungling has inflated Okinawans ' expectations about evicting the Marines .
Without a grand reorganization of the major political parties along ideological lines , Japan 's domestic and foreign policies -- including relations with the US -- will remain a muddle .
Indeed , we are increasingly confronted with outdated information taken out of context , from anachronistic news stories to emotional e-mails and compromising pictures that we had long ago forgotten .
The more we steam headlong into the future , the more we amalgamate the data and detritus of the past and place it irrevocably into the present .
As a result , we can no longer rely on conventional ways of managing risk that are based on the raw materials alone .
Experts in government , industry , academia , and elsewhere agree that a long list of questions needs to be addressed if we are to develop nanotechnology as safely as possible .
Even the small handful of relevant studies exploring possible risks lacked a guiding focus , giving no indication that the information developed would help decision-makers ensure that nanotechnology is developed safely over the long term .
There is still a long way to go .
But as long as poorer member states grow faster than their richer counterparts , one should not be overly concerned about temporary increases in intra-national disparities .
But other barriers can be overcome by reforming housing policies , reducing the cost of moving , and revising social-welfare policies in order to end fears of losing long-term benefits .
At that moment , Pax Americana entered Africa , forging an alliance with the governments and people long struggling to establish a Pax Africana .
They could begin that long process by taking the following steps :
A program for African renewal along the lines outlined above offers the best hope for creating stability , new jobs , and establishing democracy in a continent that desperately needs all three .
Moreover , several African countries continued to implement long-term reforms to improve their business and investment climate , despite the daunting challenges presented by the crisis .
Giving micro-finance institutions access to national and regional payments systems and electronic retail facilities will go a long way toward meeting the requirements of the retail and business sector in terms of banking facilities .
As a result , West African countries are mostly missing out on Africa 's current revival -- and the prospect of a prolonged period of stagnation in the eurozone certainly wo n't help .
One remembers the 1960 's , when the global economy 's `` long boom '' gave Africa a chance to save its surpluses , invest in value-added industries , and increase productivity .
At this stage of their economic development , with its focus on commodity exports , the priority for Africa 's countries should be long-term economic integration , not currency union .
Chinese leaders pride themselves on a keen sense of history , and on taking a long-term view of China 's development .
The fourth stakeholder is the Ivorian population , which is under siege , divided along ethnic and religious lines , and incited by venomous politics .
With the right governance , Senegal , with its longstanding political stability as a 51-year-old democracy and its strategic position bordering Mauritania , Mali , Guinea and Guinea-Bissau on Africa 's westernmost point , is ideally positioned to serve as the hub for natural-resource development in these countries -- and in Burkina Faso , Gambia , and Niger as well .
The banks and speculators reap handsome gains , governments are overburdened with unsustainable commercial debts , the domestic productive sector is starved of medium - and long-term financing , and most people remain mired in appalling poverty .
After all , the West is now paying a high price for allowing the ordinary people of the Middle East to live for so long in hopeless squalor while their rulers wallowed in oil wealth .
Common sense points to the need for the OECD countries , the IMF , and the World Bank to sever their dubious complicity with sub-Saharan African leaders and support policies that are in the long-term interest of the West and the world .
The next meeting , later this year , of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum -LRB- CACF -RRB- , established to promote trade and investment , will include 46 African heads of state , along with China 's leaders . In any case , Chinese President Hu Jintao , Vice President Zeng Quinghong , and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao visit the continent regularly .
Of perhaps greater long-term worry is the support that China providesor Africa 's authoritarian rulers .
Economic growth without social justice merely prolongs the denial of decent living conditions to the majority of Africa 's people for the benefit of a tiny rich minority .
Technological breakthroughs have made it feasible to transport electricity via high-voltage direct current -LRB- HVDC -RRB- over long distances without incurring great losses -LRB- only about 3 % per 1,000 kilometers -RRB- .
Rather , it is only by respecting our diversity -- ensuring that each social group enjoys a shared sense of belonging , rather than feeling marginalized and excluded -- that the state 's unity and peace can be guaranteed .
As long ago as 1975 , Gafaar al-Nimeiry , Sudan 's military head of state , stated with great prescience what Sudan and Africa needed to do to achieve peace and stability . `` Unity based on diversity has become the essence and the raison d'être of the political and national entity of many an emerging African country today .
Scottish nationalists do look longingly at Ireland , but for its recent phenomenal economic growth .
Westminster 's writ no longer runs north of the border , at least as far as things like education and health are concerned .
As a consequence , a wholly unacceptable long-term burden has been imposed on taxpayers .
The structure and timing of performance pay in banks must be more closely aligned to long-term shareholder interests and financial stability .
Financed via Special Purpose Entities , mortgages were parceled up in debt packages and securitized entities in which neither originators nor sponsors retained any material long-term stake but paid credit rating agencies to award a nice little ribbon marked AAA .
If successful , they will impair the revival of a transparent , responsible , and vibrant securitization market -- a market that , if properly managed , can contribute meaningfully to sustainable , long-term economic growth .
In 1959 , officials at the United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration -LRB- NASA -RRB- adopted most of these steps as part of their long-range plan .
Depression thus leads to changes in the rest of the body , owing to long-term chemical imbalances in the systems that control the heart , the immune system , and metabolism .
Within the hippocampus - a curved elongated ridge located in each of the brain 's two temporal lobes - is a structure called the dentate gyrus , which produces new neurons throughout adult life .
A hyperactive amygdala , along with abnormal activity in other regions of the brain , leads to disrupted patterns of sleep and physical activity , as well as irregular patterns of secretion of hormones and other chemical mediators that control many of the body 's structures .
The elevated cortisol in Cushing 's patients is higher than that found in major depression , but the psychiatric and somatic features of Cushing 's disease are strikingly similar : melancholia , depression , abdominal obesity , bone mineral loss , and increased risk for cardiovascular disease , along with shrinkage of the hippocampus and memory impairment .
Moreover , individual habits such as diet , exercise , the quality and quantity of sleep , and substance abuse also play a major role , as do early life experiences that set life-long patterns of behavior and physiological reactivity .
Hormones associated with stress protect the body and brain in the short run and promote adaptation , but the chronic activity of these same hormones brings about changes in the body that cause allostatic overload , along with its potential follow-on diseases .
In the long run , the anti-depressant crisis thus may prove to be a blessing in disguise , but only if it brings about the transparency and intellectual honesty needed to make the medical profession ultimately accountable to the people it claims to serve .
For too long Ukraine was a province of the USSR and Tsarist empire ; the most important one , of course , but still a province .
Walking that long , winding road to Europe has helped a weak new nation to strengthen and survive .
The legacy of dead dictators from vanquished totalitarian regimes should no longer be ambivalent .
Of course , towns and cities are no longer named for Stalin .
The reburial of the Romanovs , however , did n't touch the public 's emotions for long .
Women in Western Europe have long since bridged the education gap with their male peers .
Because people live longer and procreate less , raising and caring for children requires less of a parent 's life than it used to .
As long as women are perceived to be the weaker sex , men and women alike will project their own feelings of vulnerability onto the female candidate .
Assuming the responsibilities that have long belonged to men requires that women let go of the tasks that have prevented them from advancing beyond low-ranking positions .
The Cost of the Gender Gap Working women throughout the world have long complained of the unfairness implied by lower pay than what men receive .
Girls were no longer married off , but selected their own spouses .
In Europe , women long ago bridged the education gap with their male peers .
So it is all the more striking -- and painful -- that for so long this specific war crime has received little attention .
The legalization of prostitution in October 2000 merely codified a long-standing Dutch tradition of tolerance towards buying and selling sex .
But it 's no longer September 2007 , and US unemployment stands at 9.4 % , not 4.5 % .
A certain amount of labor-market rigidity may make economic sense for jobs that require firm-specific skills and training , alongside greater flexibility for jobs that require fewer skills .
The `` social rights '' in Part II are seen as compensating voters on the left for , say , enshrining `` competition '' as a fundamental objective of the Union in Part I. But neither provision belongs in the Constitution .
He demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining his long-term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
For many , it has made life longer and better .
This fear did not last long , though .
The global pressures pushing European nations closer together are as strong as ever , so the impasse over the EU 's constitutional treaty was never going to push Europe off course for very long .
Diplomats and policy analysts are generally agreed that key elements of the failed constitution will be rescued from the wreckage and turned into something along the lines of the `` mini-treaty '' that Nicolas Sarkozy , the front-runner in the French presidential race , proposed last autumn at a Friends of Europe meeting in Brussels .
It is now in the final stages of its long and difficult birth , and by the New Year should be bringing new mechanisms to bear to streamline European decision-making .
The jewel in its crown is to be the appointment for a 30-month term of a full-time president of the European Council , which groups the heads of EU member governments , along with a foreign policy chief who will be backed by an embryonic EU diplomatic service .
The three Benelux countries , along with a few other smaller EU nations , are opposed to the new European president being from a large nation .
Europe already feared that rising youth unemployment in the region would create dangerous instability along Europe 's southern flank .
The question of intervening in Libya with a no-fly zone has divided EU leaders , and the Arab League 's decision to back it means that it will have to be taken up by NATO , along with the United Nations .
But the EU can make a much more positive and important contribution to the Arab awakening by launching an economic strategy along the lines laid out by Italy 's foreign minister , Franco Frattini , and Britain 's deputy prime minister , Nick Clegg .
Others believe the EU can not continue being run along the same lines as in Beijing or even Pyongyang . It 's an issue that will confront any new team chosen by the old methods .
That , together with two generations in which birth rates across Europe have dropped well below the two-children-per-couple replacement rate , and what the European Commission describes as `` spectacular '' increases in longevity , means that by 2050 , instead of four workers supporting each retiree , there will be only two .
Stubbornly high youth unemployment , along with Europe 's dwindling numbers of school-leavers , is already canceling out the positive effects of immigration .
The European Commission has few powers of its own with which to confront the recession as it spreads throughout the European Union ; most powers belong to the European Central Bank .
The Commission rightly says that in this age of globalization there is no longer such a thing as a national carmaker , but there are still national plants and national payrolls that politicians facing elections will be desperate to defend .
The crisis has also underscored a longer-term need for a more concerted EU approach to industrial policy .
A recent Gallup poll showed that 36 % of people questioned in all 27 EU countries no longer trust the parliament , with the only consolation being that even more , 37 % , now mistrust the European Commission .
Germany long ago renounced possession of nuclear weapons , and it is unlikely to become a permanent member of the Security Council soon .
Last fall , Germany , the largest contributor to the EU budget , accepted a compromise prolonging the present CAP for a decade .
Most importantly , the political determination needed to begin long overdue social-welfare and labor-market reforms is weak in both countries .
Despite the announcement of plans to create a European army along with France , Belgium , and Luxembourg , Germany is less relevant in both European and world politics than it was before the Iraq war .
The country can no longer play the role of transatlantic mediator between France and America .
In postcommunist Eastern Europe , Germany is no longer perceived as an absolutely dependable advocate of the region 's needs .
Germany 's opposition parties and much of its foreign policy establishment warned that the country risked diplomatic isolation , so Schröder joined an ad hoc coalition of the unwilling , along with France and Russia .
At long last , they say , German leaders can use the unrestricted sovereignty Germany acquired with reunification in 1990 .
This means creating a new generation of diplomats and democracy builders who know the region and its languages , as well as ensuring that governments maintain their commitments over the long term .
New activism on the part of France and the United Kingdom , along with Germany 's emergence as a central player in EU affairs , risk marginalizing Italy 's influence even more .
Standing alongside Berlusconi , they did indeed rise , but the tycoon 's star out-shone their own .
In particular , the huge income discrepancies between them and the rich countries endanger their own long-term growth and political stability , and could yet impair their future involvement in the G20 process .
Rather , they should improve the quality of regulation , along with enforcement and monitoring .
Indeed , Germany and France spearheaded the effort to make the Stability and Growth Pact more `` flexible '' when they could no longer comply with its 3 % - of-GDP fiscal-deficit ceiling .
The third factor is the willingness of outside groups -- both states and non-state groups -- to prolong Iraq 's misery by supporting the insurgency , whether overtly or by inaction .
By taking an essentially passive position , this approach might merely prolong the Age of Terrorism needlessly .
Finally , as long as China provides political , financial , and military support for Burma 's rulers , it will be all but impossible for any meaningful change to occur .
China 's decision to block the UN Security Council from condemning the Burmese regime 's assault on the Buddhist monks and other peaceful protestors underscores its long-standing political support for the junta .
This past January , China , alongside Russia , vetoed a Security Council resolution that condemned Burma 's human rights record and called on the government to stop attacks on ethnic minorities , release political prisoners , and begin a transition towards national reconciliation and democracy .
Countries must commit not to withhold exports of key natural resources for political reasons , and to doing all they can to maintain and promote open markets based on principles of reciprocity and long-term sustainability .
Educating and empowering poor and disadvantaged groups around the world , including women , is not only a moral imperative , it is also one of the best investments in long-term , sustainable growth that world leaders can possibly make .
Finally , innovation must be promoted as a long-term generator of growth .
But weakened by the financial crisis , deeply indebted to foreign countries , bogged down in Iraq , facing major challenges in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and feeling psychologically humbled , the US may no longer be in the same unrivalled position to lead the international community , even under the inspiring leadership of Barack Obama .
Although states in the Asia-Pacific region have come a long way in this regard , regional structures are nowhere near as strong as Euro-Atlantic structures .
The best way to help make Afghanistan 's government more accountable to its people over the long term is by working to strengthen Afghan democracy , but this level of accountability is still far off -- and Afghanistan desperately needs better governance now .
If the international community believes that these goals are correct , assistance should continue to be provided as long as the benchmarks are being met .
More than 250,000 Tamil civilians were kept in virtual internment camps long after the end of hostilities and prevented from exercising their civil rights or returning to their homes .
But none of these attributes will lead to long term security , stability , and prosperity for the country unless the government plays a more constructive role .
But if you watched the Eastern Bloc 's disintegration from the ground , you would know that the process was far longer and more complex than most people realize .
Here , at long last , was Poland 's long-awaited popular uprising , revenge for December 1980 , when Jaruzelski declared martial law , banned Solidarity , and threw its leaders in jail .
In May , Hungarian reformers began tearing down the fence along their border with Austria -- a hole in the Iron Curtain .
The Cold War had lasted so long that change seemed unimaginable until freedom burst forth .
Slowly , the procession wound its way along paths through Letná 's woods , now covered in white .
Alongside this focus on improving African governance , we must also put pressure on our leaders to encourage regional integration .
For too long there has been international dismay at the state of governance in Africa ; corruption and at times a complete lack of accountability are blamed for all of Africa 's ills .
Less well known , but following the same pattern , are efforts being mounted to question studies documenting the adverse health effects of exposure to lead , mercury , vinyl chloride , chromium , beryllium , benzene , and a long list of pesticides and other toxic chemicals .
Such a declaration would mean that Europe is not closing its doors on Ukraine , a country with a European cultural identity and a long tradition of struggle for democracy and human rights .
In terms of its historical heritage , economic interest , and ethnic composition , Ukraine belongs to both Central and Eastern Europe .
Poland 's revolution brought civil rights along with increased criminality , a market economy along with failed enterprises and high unemployment , and the formation of a dynamic middle class along with increased income inequality .
So I remember my shock when I learned about the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in August , and the trauma that lingered long after .
On the tenth anniversary of that invasion , Václav Havel , Jacek Kuron , and I , along with other dissidents , met on the Czech-Polish border .
Even the captain roles are no longer reserved for domestic players : Thierry Henry , a Frenchman , is Arsenal 's captain , Andriy Shevchenko , a Ukrainian , is often the captain of AC Milan , and Christiano Zanetti , an Argentine , is captain of Inter Milan .
And a good deal of traffic -- with new cars smuggled in through tunnels beneath the `` Philadelphi Route '' that runs along the Egyptian border .
Nearly three years later , there is only stalemate -- to match the wider stalemate in the search for a Palestinian state that can live alongside Israel .
Examples include a five-year-long moratorium on approvals of GM plants throughout Europe , and the rejection of badly needed food aid by several African countries -- only because it contains the same GM varieties of grain consumed routinely in North America .
They include long-term monitoring for adverse health effects and batteries of tests for genetic stability , toxins , allergenicity , and so on .
This improvement is thought to be caused by the antimicrobial effect of lactoferrin and lysozyme , long known to be the primary protective proteins in breast milk .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care . ''
However , the study can not conclude that long work hours cause cardiac disease .
Working long days might be only a marker for being at higher risk of heart disease .
For example , it could be that highly stressed people with Type A personality who think that bacon cheeseburgers and creamy sauces are staple foods , and who already have an increased , long-term risk of heart disease , also tend to work longer hours .
Thus , to expect the same death rate in such patients as in the general population would be like blaming insulin for decreased longevity in diabetics -LRB- who suffer cardiac and renal disease more frequently than non-diabetics -RRB- .
In fact , it would be big medical news if there were no increase in deaths in patients treated with growth hormone , because that would imply that the drug actually provides a life-prolonging effect in a population expected to die prematurely .
On the contrary , neither biotechnology nor genetic engineering are new , and consumers , government , and industry all have had long , extensive , and positive experience with both .
So said Dr. Victor Frankenstein when his `` creation '' was complete . Researchers have long been fascinated with trying to create life , but mainly they have had to settle for crafting variations of living organisms via mutation or other techniques of genetic engineering .
Along with the Venter paper , Nature published eight commentaries on the significance of the work . The `` real '' scientists were aware of the incremental nature of the work , and questioned whether the Venter group had created a genuine `` synthetic cell , '' while the social scientists tended to exaggerate the implications of the work .
In the longer term , Brazil faces a range of fiscal-reform challenges .
Most Chinese doctors and patients have , for example , long regarded acupuncture as an effective treatment for stroke , using it to improve motor , speech , and other functions that have been destroyed .
But , as one of Annan 's advisors once put it , he `` runs the UN like an old-fashioned African village , with long discussions among the elders , periods of reflection , and eventually a decision . ''
Likewise , indigenous development played a key role in Japan and Germany after WWII , in South Korea more recently , and the UK long before .
When it comes to productivity , managers either invest in employee training , more efficient manufacturing processes , and the like , or they take steps that appear to boost productivity in the short run but that erode it in the long run .
While the long-run record of this theory is irrefutable , China 's authoritarian ruling elite is not only determined to hold on to power , but it also has been smart enough to take adaptive measures aimed at countering the liberalizing effects of economic development .
Predictably , the intelligentsia , usually the most liberal social group , is no longer a lethal threat to party rule .
To the extent that China 's authoritarian regime is by nature exclusionary -LRB- it can only incorporate a limited number of elites -RRB- , the co-optation strategy will soon run up against its limits , and the Party will no longer have the resources to buy off the intelligentsia or keep private entrepreneurs happy .
As long as much of Chinese society views the current political system as unjust , unresponsive , and corrupt , there will always be a large reservoir of ill will toward the ruling elites .
But the EU 's next challenge will be its new frontier : the former Soviet bloc nations - Serbia , Belarus , Ukraine , and of course Russia - which lie restlessly along the EU 's new eastern border .
But the main question now is whether Iraq will drift along lines somewhere between these two scenarios , increasingly resembling Afghanistan .
The reception and adoption of democracy is not a function of sectarian belonging , but a reflection of the multi-dimensional historical , cultural , religious , and political identities of Iraqi individuals .
This argument , long discredited , resonates in the actions of the Iraqi insurgents and their fanatical allies .
For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejad 's insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
As a result , poverty in poor countries persists over long periods of time .
Policies such as tax benefits for large families , child allowances , and subsidized day care and meals -- all of which reduce the cost of raising children -- may be attractive in the short term . But they have a negative impact on income in the long run because they encourage households to increase fertility rates .
Canceling , or even reversing , policies that reduce the cost of bearing a high quantity of children would contribute to higher living standards over the long run .
Malaysia Goes Islamic SINGAPORE -- In Malaysia 's current political climate , it is no longer possible to distinguish Islamic radicals from Islamic moderates .
Hence , it is no longer accurate to think of the PAS as a fundamentalist party and the UMNO as moderate .
This time the subject is no longer Russia versus China , because Russia has long ceased to be a point of comparison .
In the `` flat world '' of globalization -- to borrow Thomas Friedman 's powerful metaphor -- it seems that Russia no longer has a place .
To put it bluntly , Russia is no longer in the same category as China .
A French Presidential Primer The late British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to quip that `` a week is a long time in politics . ''
We were burying the collective dream of intellectuals and democrats for a Russia where freedom and the rule of law would , after a long and cold Soviet winter , take root and bloom .
As long as the oil money keeps flowing , most Russians will express no nostalgia for the democratic opening of the Yeltsin years , with its accompanying combination of chaos , corruption , international weakness , and disrespect for the state .
But it is also feeding a patriotic emotion -- a popular longing for the restoration of Russia 's imperial status and prestige -- that Putin 's regime has shrewdly exploited .
They intuitively sense that they can no longer rely only on the absolute security guarantee represented by the United States ' combination of active and passive support .
The Quartet -LRB- the US , Russia , the European Union , and the United Nations -RRB- used to be regarded as `` One plus Three , '' but that is no longer the case .
Europe and Russia no longer see themselves as secondary players , because the US , not to mention Israel , needs them .
They , too , see the world through a prism that makes America continue to appear essential , but no longer preeminent .
The US is no longer alone .
America no longer qualifies , if it ever did , as a `` hyper power , '' to use former French foreign minister Hubert Vedrine 's term , though it is still far from being a `` normal '' power .
China 's fundamental priorities remain economic , reflecting its leaders ' belief that their regime 's long-term survival presupposes the continuation of rapid growth .
Bayrou has been in politics for a long time , including as a presidential candidate in 2002 .
Now that America is no longer a `` hyperpower '' with no strategic challengers , Russia has reasserted its status as a `` superpower , '' a claim that is not necessarily supported by reality .
The big picture then was that , with the transportation revolution and the deployment of mass armies , war could no longer be seen as the continuation of politics through other means .
If we lose sight of that in our struggle against terrorism and its causes , we will be left unable to face successfully the long-term challenge of `` Chindia . ''
For the first time since Charles de Gaulle established the Fifth Republic , France 's priority is no longer to live in opposition to the US .
Europe 's three key new leaders -- Britain 's Gordon Brown , Merkel , and Sarkozy -- all belong to a generation that is no longer emotionally moved by the project of European integration .
Confronted with disaster in Iraq , the risk of Afghanistan following Iraq into chaos , and the escalating crisis with Iran , the US can no longer treat the NATO allies with disdain .
How can you pretend to be acting to change the world if you no longer understand it ?
If the Chinese reform their political system and improve their human rights record , it will not be the result of anything we in the West say or do , but because they realize that the absence of the rule of law jeopardizes their long-term ambition to be strong and respected .
One thing is certain ; a `` shrinking West , '' as long as it retains some influence , must create the best institutions it can during the time it still has .
It no longer dreams of becoming the `` United States of Europe , '' and Jacques Delors ' suggestion of `` the United Nations of Europe '' has remained too ambivalent , if not deliberately ambiguous , to be effective .
Domestically , an ambitious and difficult program of long-awaited reforms , which a majority of French citizens recognize are inevitable , has begun , with some early results in the field of labor law and education .
The opportunity that Saakashvili presented to him to signal to the world Russia could no longer be humiliated was simply too tempting .
Europe may be weak and divided , America may no longer be what it was , but with your falling population and the sad state of your economy beyond oil and gas , you simply are not equipped to be in the league of great global powers . China is ; you are not . ''
For example , many Asians believe that Russia is a problem for Europe , but no longer for the world .
In the long run -- economically , demographically , politically , strategically -- time is on `` our '' side , if we stick to our values and our principles .
The pride that Americans -- and Africans -- have felt since Obama 's election is important and , one hopes , will bring long-term benefits .
Will the crisis lead to nationalistic and selfish attitudes on both sides of the Atlantic , stymieing the long-awaited rapprochement , if not a full reconciliation ?
First , whatever the brutal style of the new Russia under Vladimir Putin and Dmitri Medvedev , the Soviet Union no longer exists and no longer constitutes the common threat that was the `` glue '' of the Alliance until 1989 .
Yet they are also convinced that Europe has behaved improperly toward Turkey , through a combination of short-term populist reflexes and the absence of a long-term strategic vision .
But for how long ?
This vision not only tends to encourage a process of self-isolation , but it raises serious issues in the long run .
After all , if you walk along Tel Aviv 's beaches , the dramas of Hamas-controlled Gaza and Hezbollah-controlled southern Lebanon seem so far away .
Germany would no longer seek a seat , Italy would not feel left out , and Europe 's international identity would be strengthened in a spectacular way .
But let 's be reasonable : the absurdity of Italy 's presence in the G-8 , together with the lack of official membership for countries such as China , India , and Brazil , is no longer acceptable or tenable .
Above all , the EU needs political will and direction . Only Germany and France , acting together , can convey to Europe 's citizens and to the world the sense that the EU is at long last waking up to today 's global realities .
But the two giants of Europe can agree to disagree about the virtues of German-style budgetary rigor or French-style fiscal stimulus as long as they do n't insult each other , and , more importantly , as long as they compensate for their philosophical differences with a well publicized program of joint initiatives on key subjects .
As long as each remains convinced that no alternative to cooperation exists within the EU , and that European cooperation remains a priority for both , it should not be overly difficult to restore their leadership .
After all , France and Germany are closer to each other on many key topics than they have been for a long time .
Democracy is a legitimate objective , but it is a long-term one .
Their `` time '' is not , has never been , or is no longer the same as that of the West .
It can not afford to ignore the issue any longer .
More than thirty years after the disappearance of the long dictatorship of Francisco Franco , Spain finds itself confronted by the shadows of a past it has deliberately chosen not to confront .
It is no longer a traumatic experience , just a bureaucratic hassle .
It is also a symbol of futility , because it does not constitute a viable long-term solution .
That warning made sense 10 or 15 years ago ; not any longer . India is now impossible to ignore , much less forget , owing not only to its rapid economic growth , but also to the country 's increasing geopolitical stature .
Today , France 's black minority is trying to organize itself along the lines of the Jewish minority .
He was no longer a pariah , but an eccentric partner .
Fukushima will forever stand for the uniqueness of nuclear energy : as long as it works , it is cheaper and cleaner than most alternatives .
But the US is no longer the country that others seek to emulate , or that they look to for global leadership .
In 1998 , when France won the Cup for the first time , the three colors of the French flag -LRB- blue , white , and red -RRB- were celebrated alongside with the three colors -LRB- `` black , white , and beur , the skin color of North Africans born in France to immigrant parents -RRB- of the members of the French team .
But that innocence has been lost because it is no longer possible to celebrate the triumph of the French model of integration .
As the world was watching the football games in Germany , North Korea was testing long-range missiles and Palestinians in the governing Hamas launched attacks on Israel that prompted a bloody invasion of Gaza .
They are long-lasting conditions , often contracted at an early age , and both the illnesses and their symptoms are progressive .
Scientific knowledge is more likely to emerge in environments where it is accepted that there are no prescribed or logical methods for formulating hypotheses ; that they may be the result of sudden inspiration ; or that they may come from dreams , from other disciplines , or from people that belong to different professions or have different backgrounds .
The list of such mishaps and missed opportunities is long .
For example , Iran 's mullahs shut down the air route between Tehran and Antalya because it gave Iranians access to `` sinful '' leisure in Turkey , but it was replaced by a Tehran-Sparta route , which flies Iranians 140 kilometers away just making the trip slightly longer !
Instead , the party long defended the theory of a revolutionary `` rupture '' with capitalism , never clearly acknowledging its reformist nature .
But Chinese television fare , at least , no longer consists of the prudish melodramas and clumsy indoctrination programs of the Maoist past .
The longer this takes , the greater the incentives at the national level to capture a share of global demand via protectionist measures .
Given the structure of the problem -- sequential decision-making with uncertainty about all the relevant parameters -LRB- including costs , the efficient pattern of mitigation , and technology -RRB- -- it would be wiser to adopt a more flexible strategy that provides incentives and regulations to achieve measurable intermediate progress , while generating a lot of useful information along the way .
In the long run , success will require major technological advances and their broad adoption .
As these are still unknown today , the initial challenge will be to jump-start the mitigation and learning processes , and create powerful incentives for technology that will increase energy efficiency and reduce CO2 emissions in the long run .
Because combating climate change entails making decisions at different points over a long period of time , a key aspect to addressing the problem is to recognize that as stocks of greenhouse gases rise , we will learn more about the distribution of possible outcomes .
This is why delaying the adoption of long-term targets is not a recipe for business as usual .
This means that addressing systemic risk requires a longer timeframe than that associated with the non-systemic , stationary risks to which investors devote most attention .
For example , an endowment or pension fund might consider basing its payout decisions more on long-run , potential shock-adjusted average returns than on a simple weighted average of past returns or end-period asset values -LRB- the normal practice now -RRB- .
Financial innovation will proceed along with regulatory arbitrage .
The point is not to suggest that there is one right answer , but rather that investment strategy and payout decisions should take into account the longer-term dimensions of risk .
One can think of periodic systemic risk as an inherent tendency toward reversion to the mean : short - and medium-term returns can deviate considerably and for extended periods from the expected long-run returns associated with various investment strategies and capabilities .
Perhaps most importantly , short - and medium-run returns , especially during periods when they are high , should not be taken as accurate signals of long-run returns .
The revolution in Tunisia was just a matter of time -- a popular uprising to end a system that failed to deliver the free society for which the Tunisian public has long been ready .
It is sad to note that European leaders sometimes adopt such narrow positions , too , responding to the short-term demands of electoral politics instead of facing the challenges of long-term strategic thinking . Sarkozy , too , has fallen prey to this trend .
In light of this hopeful trend , how long can Europe 's obsession with Islamic fundamentalism hold sway ?
How long can the so-called `` Muslim Question '' be used as a tool to defeat political adversaries ?
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
This renewed sense of belonging to the same human family and the same moral universe resonated profoundly with Mediterranean Europeans , who found , in the claims and expectations emerging on the opposite shore , echoes of their own unfulfilled claims and expectations .
Governments do n't have the luxury of waiting forever , and they can no longer use the myth of popular quiescence to avoid initiating the necessary reforms that will address the public 's underlying grievances .
This new appeal to religion -- after a long period when it was taken for granted that secularization would make religion less and less politically relevant -- is not an exclusively French phenomenon .
In fact , some intellectuals close to the right have long advocated an opening towards Europe 's Muslim immigrants and their descendants . Where they can vote , so the argument goes , Muslim traditionalists would rather vote for a conservative party , even if it has Catholic roots , than for a secular left-wing party perceived as advocating loose morals .
That is not an absurd idea . There is a long and distinguished tradition of Catholic social thought .
Think , for example , of a German -LRB- oral -RRB- test which was to apply only to immigrants from states belonging to the Organization of the Islamic Conference -LRB- the test in question was later withdrawn -RRB- , and which asked , among other things , the applicant 's opinion about the fact that in Germany homosexuals hold high public office .
Put more simply : they were supposed to make it up as they went along .
As critics have mockingly pointed out , Hessel 's booklet at times reads more like a call for a free-floating , almost arbitrary desire to be agitated by something -- almost anything , really , as long as it can somehow be justified by one 's own subjective sense of justice .
It did not help that Hessel nostalgically invoked Jean-Paul Sartre and existentialism , and the `` great stream of history '' -- longings reflected on a hand-painted sign at Occupy Wall Street : `` Get excited and do something . '' Tellingly , that sign was flanked by posters for the left-wing anarchist philosopher Noam Chomsky and the right-wing libertarian politician Ron Paul .
Nobody wants to repeal citizenship legislation that makes birthplace , not bloodlines , the basis of belonging , and everybody is proud that right-wing populism has never taken off in the way that it has among some of Germany 's neighbors .
Unlike in the post-war decades , Germans no longer want to escape to `` Europe '' from their difficult fatherland .
Talk of a new , Europe-friendly constitution indicates that they might even be willing to give up what , along with the Deutschmark , was the old Federal Republic 's most prized possession : the Basic Law , arguably the world 's most successful constitution during the last half-century .
Italy also has a long history of neglecting European fiscal rules -LRB- as do Portugal and France -RRB- .
Both the Greek and Italian public debt remain almost unchanged , despite the fact that both countries have benefited the most from the euro , as their long-term interest rates declined to German levels following its adoption .
According to calculations by Morgan Stanley , with relatively low long-term interest rates , Greece needs a primary surplus of at least 2.4 % of GDP each year just to stabilize its national debt at 118 % of GDP .
In the long term , this will be disastrous for greater European cooperation , because public support will whither .
Having just passed through the bloodiest century in human history , increasing the zone of indifference to the ultimate goals of others -- as long as they are not directed against us -- should be mankind 's top priority .
As a result , the modern individual can belong to a greater range of groups , but groups that are less all encompassing .
Not long before he died , Kuznets recommended to a young colleague that one ought study the role of Jews in economic life .
The fact that Jews were long a minority subject to discrimination is sometimes given as a reason for their tendency to devote themselves to commerce , finance , and the professions .
Yet not all minorities long subject to discrimination necessarily succeed under conditions of market competition .
Moreover , in much of Europe , Jews had long been excluded from most of the established economy of land ownership , and from many other fields that were reserved for Christians .
Societies long oriented to economic dynamism tend to welcome the economically successful , viewing them as a source of mutual gains .
Most societies lie somewhere along a spectrum between these two poles .
At the same time , demographic shifts , along with social and economic factors affecting education and work , are forcing profound change on the traditional model of the Arab family .
But because arrest no longer meant execution but long imprisonment , dissidents acquired a reasonable chance to emerge from prison or labor camps .
Confucian civic culture also provided the basis for a long history of successful self-government .
Confucian literati , shunning manual labor , grew their fingernails long , but they never displayed antipathy towards the world of affairs .
The elections could bring Zimbabweans a chance to end the long dictatorship of President Robert Mugabe .
The West has a big incentive to be generous to Afghanistan 's rural poor . Starving farmers , if unassisted , may return to cultivating a very reliable cash crop : the opium poppy , long a staple of the warlord economy .
In the long run , Afghanistan has resources that can be exploited .
Their blanket denials are no longer credible .
Currently , there are 25 constituencies nationwide , but reformers have long argued that a smaller number -- each with a larger number of voters -- would be less susceptible to manipulation by the political elite .
Though women have long been active in Kuwaiti public life , they were enfranchised only last year , after a long and difficult campaign , by a parliamentary vote , and accounted for just 28 of the 249 candidates .
It can go along with electoral reform , or it can find an opportunity to dissolve the new parliament .
Already , commentators are speculating on how long the new parliament will survive .
Iraqi embassies acted as media centers , along with their despicable role in hunting dissidents of all political stripes .
Pooling of infrastructure -LRB- bases and ports -RRB- and logistical assets -LRB- transport -RRB- , including training facilities for common equipment , will generate big savings , as individual countries rationalize the long `` logistical tails '' of manpower and equipment that support armies in the field .
But the road to global nuclear disarmament will be long and bumpy .
Under an agreement between the United Nations and Cambodia 's government , 13 foreign judges and prosecutors have now been chosen to serve alongside 17 Cambodian counterparts .
Given how long it has taken to get off the ground -- on-again , off-again talks dragged out over nine years -- this tribunal 's very existence is a cause for celebration .
There are good reasons why mixed tribunals should have substantial national components . Nonetheless , this arrangement poses particular challenges in a country where the quality and independence of judicial decision-making have long been questioned .
Second , the length of time that has passed since the crimes -- longer than 30 years , in some cases -- far exceeds that for any comparable proceeding . Other war crimes courts have taken place in the immediate aftermath of conflict .
Cambodia 's long delay complicates the task of preserving evidence , including human memory , that is so essential to proving guilt .
In rural constituencies , opposition candidates defeated such EPRDF heavyweights as the ministers of defense , information , and infrastructure , along with the presidents of the two largest regions , Oromia and Amhara .
Similarly , northern Sri Lanka is the main battleground for the long-running conflict between government forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam .
In the long run , doing justice seems a way to contribute to peace , but one can not be sure that things will work out that way every time .
The indictment of al-Bashir , who is as entitled to the presumption of innocence as any other defendant , is another important milestone on the long road that must be traveled to reach the goal that the world set for itself .
For a long time , it was a losing struggle , marked especially by the spread of both communist and anti-communist tyrannies .
Moreover , the United States has been squandering much of its capacity to promote human rights internationally . In responding to the terrorist attacks on its own soil on September 11 , 2001 , the US has resorted to such measures as prolonged indefinite detention without charges , trials before military commissions lacking due process safeguards , and cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment of detainees , including torture .
It is , of course , dismaying that 60 years after the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , so many governments disregard the principles that they endorsed so long ago .
The main causes of the fighting that has afflicted the DRC for so long have been competition for control of that impoverished country 's vast natural resources and neighboring Rwanda 's effort to wipe out what it sees as a potential threat posed by perpetrators of the 1994 genocide who took refuge in the DRC .
The attempt by Congolese civil society to foster democratic development may be the best thing that has happened in the country in a long time .
It deserves the attention and support of all those who seek a better future for a vast country that has long endured plunder and misrule .
For a long time , blasphemy laws were considered an unfortunate legacy of efforts in England during the religious struggles of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries to suppress deviant interpretations of scripture among Christians .
If Saddam were granted sanctuary in a country such as Belarus or Libya , he would probably remain safe from prosecution , but only as long as he never leaves .
As a long-time advocate of bringing Saddam and his cohorts to justice for their crimes against the Kurds , the Marsh Arabs and many others , I endorse the Bush Administration 's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war .
The bite in his comment is justified . `` Victor 's justice '' is no longer acceptable .
Sweden has long been known for its lifestyle liberalism . Swedes are overwhelmingly secular and indifferent toward the Swedish church .
Indeed , China 's pandering to dictators in its quest for resources contradicts its long-term interest in being acknowledged as a benign and legitimate power and commanding the international respect that it craves .
China still has a long way to go before it will be perceived as a responsible stakeholder in the world .
Nowadays , the government no longer monopolizes information and the right to process it .
In reality , the main trouble with the current Putin government in the eyes of its Western critics is that their friends and like-minded thinkers are no longer in the loop .
He is set to remain the most popular person in Russia for a long time to come .
How long will Medvedev remain president and Putin prime minister ?
In the 1920 's and 1930 's , the Belgian authorities enacted policies that defined the population along ethnic lines and favored the Tutsi in a deliberate - and successful - effort to divide society and fan resentment among Hutu leaders .
Why should the rebels believe that the government will honor its commitments once they no longer represent a threat ?
The implementation of the WHO 's strategy could lead to one of the largest-ever positive shifts in human health , putting populations throughout the world on pathways to lifelong and sustained improvements in well-being .
But if we waited longer -- for example , 1-3 weeks , depending on part of brain -- we found quite a few tagged neurons .
They were , at that stage , much smaller and had an elongated shape that allowed them to slip between other cells .
The danger is that scientific decisions with a scientific-technical component are no longer subject to study or rational argument , but instead are fought over by various interest groups , with some invariably claiming that their taxes should be used to fund only research that is compatible with their values .
Today , science belongs to a rapidly globalizing world .
Indeed , along with talent and interest , as well as mathematical or other quantitative abilities , curiosity is a necessary characteristic of any successful scientist .
Gone are the utopian dreams of the 1970 's , when there were visions of life-long learning and paid leaves of absence to pursue topics that might be useful for further professional advancement -- or might also include the sheer luxury of studying ancient Greek or Assyrian art .
The corporate world -- indeed , the formal workplace more generally -- can no longer be strictly separated from the informal world in which work and leisure have become blurred .
Just as formal schooling needs to become better integrated with the informal learning environments to which our children are exposed in multiple ways , formal and informal learning must mesh in a life-long process .
The aim is no longer to become `` the world 's most competitive knowledge economy , '' as disingenuously announced in 2000 .
To meet this challenge , the three of us -- building on the action plan adopted by consensus at the 2010 Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- Review Conference -- have endorsed a series of urgent , practical steps towards the long-term goal of a world free of nuclear weapons .
Sustainable agricultural development is essential to improving the country 's prospects for long-term economic and food security .
Fonkoze was back in operation only days after the earthquake . Remittances transferred through Fonkoze are free , giving recipient families in Haiti vital resources to meet short-term needs while also encouraging long-term development .
Above all , they need a long-term commitment to agriculture from their own governments , the international community , and the private sector , backed up by greater investment .
I say ` she ' because the majority of small-scale farmers in Africa are women . '' Indeed , half of the world 's smallholders are women , and we must keep in mind their punishing task of walking long lengths to get their produce to market .
Europeans have long cherished the belief that centuries of history and the facts of geography , not to mention more recent patterns of immigration , have given them some sort of special relationship with the Islamic world -- an often strained and sometimes bloody relationship , but nonetheless one based on deep mutual familiarity .
An entire academic discipline emerged out of the wholesale critique of the male tendency to create hierarchy , engage in territoriality , and be drawn to conflict . When I was in college , the feminist solution to `` patriarchy '' was an imagined world without hierarchy , where people verbalized all day long and created emotional bonds .
Moreover , in her description of our evolution , Fisher notes that males who could tolerate long periods of silence -LRB- waiting for animals while in hunt mode -RRB- survived to pass on their genes , thus genetically selecting to prefer `` space . ''
In the United States , street protests helped bring the Vietnam war to an end , and the mass protests of the civil rights movement showed that , as Martin Luther King , Jr. put it , `` business as usual '' could no longer continue .
Iran 's citizens -- and all people longing to resist a tyrannical government or to protest in an established democracy -- should bear that lesson in mind .
Unless a regime is willing to start machine-gunning its citizens , peaceful , steady , long-term disruption of `` business as usual '' always works .
Though she can no longer practice journalism directly , Princess Rym is also co-founding new Jordanian journalism school .
In the United States and elsewhere , there is a sense that the long-foreseen implosion of news publishing is accelerating , having reached a kind of critical mass .
People 's relationship to authority figures -- doctors , politicians , religious leaders , or , indeed , journalists -- is no longer slavishly deferential .
Without a formal education , Diana self-consciously set about pushing open the doors of an encrusted monarchy , challenging the sanctities of a long-established class structure , and affirming the value and immediacy of a Britain that was more diverse and socially mobile than ever before .
Before going into exile , Taylor turned over the presidency to his long-time ally , Vice President Moses Z. Blah , who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over .
Similarly , Mugabe is known to favor transferring power to an interim government led by his long-time ally , Emmerson Mnangagwa , if he decides that the time has come to step down .
In an emotional address during a ceremony earlier this month to commemorate heroes of Zimbabwe 's war of liberation from white minority rule , Mugabe warned the opposition : `` Those who would go together with our enemies abroad can not at the same time want to march alongside us as our partners in the nation-building efforts that are underway . ''
He may have had more than the departing Taylor in mind when he said , `` It has indeed been a shameful thing that , as Africans , we have killed ourselves for such a long time . ''
America 's membership in a web of multilateral institutions ranging from the UN to NATO may reduce US autonomy , but seen in the light of a constitutional bargain , the multilateral ingredient of America 's current preeminence is a key to its longevity , because it reduces the incentives for constructing alliances against the US .
The same is true of a long list of items : the spread of infectious diseases , the stability of global financial markets , the international trade system , the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , narcotics trafficking , international crime syndicates and transnational terrorism .
In balancing whether to use multilateral or unilateral tactics , or to adhere or refuse to go along with particular multilateral initiatives , any country must consider how to explain its actions to others and what the effects will be on its soft power .
In these circumstances , governments can no longer maintain the barriers to information flows that historically protected officials from outside scrutiny .
Whether she waited too long -- and whether her vision will prove convincing -- will be determined in the coming months .
It is a longstanding method of conflict frequently defined as deliberate attack on the innocent with the objective of spreading fear .
How long will the war last and how does it relate to civil liberties and alliances ?
America is not perfect , but as long as it abides by its core values , it can overcome its mistakes and regain its soft power in democratic countries .
The irony is that it was the US that built some of the longest lasting alliances and institutions the modern world has seen , and that were central to American power for over half a century .
Equally important will be whether Western countries cooperate to create a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges that can help develop a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
There are many strands to an effective long-term strategy to promote conditions for stability and broader political participation in the Arab world . This is America 's declared goal .
On terrorism , they break the long UN impasse over finding a definition , condemning all attacks against civilians , and propose a number of measures that member states should take .
Regarding preventive use of force , traditional interpretations of Article 51 of the UN Charter -LRB- which provides a right of self-defense -RRB- allow a threatened state to take pre-emptive action in the face of imminent attack , but not to use force preventively against longer term threats .
Public diplomacy , by contrast , involves building long-term relationships .
Most important in the current situation will be the development of a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges aimed at developing a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
In short , there are many strands to an effective long-term strategy for creating soft power resources and promoting conditions for the development of democracy .
Even with these increases , there is a long way to go to improve America 's standing .
`` Re-emergence '' would be more accurate , since by size and history the Middle Kingdom has long been a major power in East Asia .
Nonetheless , China still has a long way to go and faces many obstacles .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain in the years leading up to World War I.
As long as China 's economy does grow , its military power will likely increase , thus making China appear more dangerous to its neighbors and complicating America 's commitments in Asia .
Not long before the visit of the Chinese premier , India hosted US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
Shortly after Rice 's visit , the US announced that it would honor a long-standing promise to sell F-16 's to Pakistan .
Chirac 's rhetoric often includes references to a `` multi-polar world '' in which the United States is no longer the only superpower .
But , in the longer term , the slow , steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists .
To be sure , some of the blame for poor preparation belongs to state and local officials .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely -- or even `` just as long as necessary and not one day more , '' in the clichéd language of Donald Rumsfeld -- is implausible .
Even before the floodwaters of Katrina recede , Bush will need to focus on his Iraq conundrum , because long after Katrina has been forgotten , history will judge his presidency by how he resolves it .
Soviet audiences watching films with apolitical themes nonetheless learned that people in the West did not have to stand in long lines to purchase food , did not live in communal apartments , and owned their own cars .
The decade-long economic slowdown of the 1990 's tarnished Japan 's reputation , but it did not erase Japan 's soft-power resources .
In foreign policy as well , both countries ' reputations are burdened with the problems of longstanding disputes over Taiwan and Kashmir .
Even though it is no longer a global superpower , Russia 's vast oil and gas reserves make it an energy superpower , and Putin seems intent on playing that card .
Oil supply is likely to be vulnerable to political disruptions long before issues arise from overall scarcity of supply .
By increasing economic and cultural ties , diplomacy might unleash the soft power that could contribute to more gradual regime transformation over the longer term .
Geographical barriers no longer provide easy protection .
Witness the migration of peoples and religions , or trade along the ancient silk route that connected medieval Europe and Asia .
Taming North Korea The fires of the Middle East must not be allowed to distract the world 's attention from the threat posed by North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , which it demonstrated by its recent test of a long-range missile .
But is unlikely that an air strike would destroy North Korea 's hidden facilities , which include more than 10,000 artillery tubes buried in caves along the demilitarized zone , North Korea could simply shell Seoul in response and wreak havoc on the South Korean economy .
China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser 's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain at the beginning of the twentieth century .
The most contentious issue , however , has been prime ministerial visits to the Yasukuni Shrine , and , until Abe 's visit , China had been reluctant to engage in any summit meetings with Japan so long as such visits continue .
But that Cold War world is long gone .
While some Central European members that were formerly occupied by the USSR continue to see NATO as a political insurance policy against a revival of Russian ambitions , NATO is no longer aimed against Russia .
Residual suspicions and Russian pride limit the NATO-Russia agreement , but the organization is no longer focused on Russia .
Bush has long claimed that the number of troops in Iraq was a military decision and that he simply followed the advice of his generals , but now this is clearly not the case .
The new American operational commander in Iraq , Lt. General Raymond Odierno , says that the new efforts will be more evenhanded among Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods , and American troops will stay alongside Iraqi troops in areas that have been cleared .
A better approach would be to look to the long run , use the soft power of attraction , expand exchanges and contacts with Russia 's new generation , support its participation in the World Trade Organization and other market-oriented institutions , and address deficiencies with specific criticisms rather than general harangues or isolation .
Most Russian participants at the Davos dinner seemed to ignore these criticisms , but it was interesting to hear one important official admit that reform might progress faster if oil prices dropped somewhat , and another accept the point that criticism should be welcomed as long as it is offered in a friendly spirit .
Even while discussion in Washington is fixated on Iraq , a number of thoughtful foreign observers are asking these longer-term questions .
Whoever plays a three-dimensional game by focusing on only one board is bound to lose in the long run .
Despite a long history of alliance dating back to the American Revolution and including two world wars , France has always had a somewhat ambivalent attitude toward the US , and the Iraq War was not the first time that a controversial security policy undercut America 's attractiveness in France .
In addition , France has long had a strand of cultural anti-Americanism .
Friction with the US is thus inevitable , but in the long run there is usually fruitful cooperation .
Development will take a long time , and the international community needs to explore better ways to make sure that help actually reaches the poor , but both prudence and a concern for soft power suggest that the US should take the lead .
America was briefly tempted into real imperialism when it emerged as a world power a century ago , but the interlude of formal empire did not last long .
Prolonged negotiations and gridlock are not acceptable , because today 's most serious problems can not wait for perfect institutional solutions .
According to Gates , he had told Chinese officials that American arms sales were consistent with past policy and that `` as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the Taiwan Strait , we would continue to give Taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself . ''
The list is long , but they might best be thought of as `` housekeeping '' issues : many a couple can quarrel over them without contemplating divorce .
Along with enormous inequality , China has a migrant labor force of 140 million , severe pollution , and rampant corruption .
More importantly , with the end of the Cold War , the Soviet Union was no longer available as an Indian ally , and the US began to assess India and Pakistan in terms of separate interests , rather than as a pair linked in a South Asia balance of power .
As a senior foreign ministry official told Emmott in 2007 , `` the thing you have to understand is that both of us -LRB- India and China -RRB- think that the future belongs to us .
Some call Khan 's network an effort to spread an `` Islamic bomb , '' but given that North Korea was on the list of recipients along with Libya and Iran , it might better be termed a corrupt bomb .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
Just recently , Donald Kerr , the US deputy director of national intelligence , warned that `` major losses of information and value for our government programs typically are n't from spies ... In fact , one of the great concerns I have is that so much of the new capabilities that we 're all going to depend on are n't any longer developed in government labs under government contract . ''
They argued that the oil belonged to all of Nigeria 's people , not just the eastern area .
Now governments are experimenting with similar means to create and distribute information , but they still have a long way to go .
But now , with the Japanese experiencing a period of domestic political uncertainty , and North Korea 's nuclear tests and missile launches increasing their anxiety , will Japan reverse its long-standing decision not to seek a national nuclear-deterrent capability ?
After World War II , the peninsula was divided along the lines of Cold War bipolarity , and American and UN intervention was necessary to prevent South Korea 's subjugation in the Korean War .
Armed groups view conflict as a continuum of political and violent irregular operations over a long period that will provide control over local populations .
Military force , along with norms and institutions , helps to provide a minimal degree of order .
Public diplomacy also involves building long-term relationships that create an enabling environment for government policies .
The contribution of direct government information to long-term cultural relationships varies with three dimensions or stages of public diplomacy , and all three are important .
Governments need to correct daily misrepresentations of their policies , as well as to try to convey a longer-term strategic message .
The greater flexibility of non-governmental organizations in using networks has given rise to what some call `` the new public diplomacy , '' which is no longer confined to messaging , promotion campaigns , or even direct governmental contacts with foreign publics serving foreign-policy purposes .
But , as America 's savings rate begins to rise , China 's export-led growth model , which has promoted employment in China at the cost of global trade imbalances , may no longer be possible .
Power conversion -- translating power resources into effective influence -- is a long-standing problem for the US .
The US was founded in part on mistrust of government , and a long tradition traceable to Thomas Jefferson holds that Americans should not worry too much about low levels of confidence in government .
But , whatever the merits of this linear economic projection , the term BRICs still makes little sense for long-term assessments of global power relations .
When the BRIC acronym was first invented , The Economist objected that `` a country with a growth rate as skimpy as its swimsuits , prey to any financial crisis that was around , a place of chronic political instability , whose infinite capacity to squander its obvious potential was as legendary as its talent for football and carnivals , did not seem to belong with those emerging titans . ''
Europe does face severe demographic problems , but size of population is not highly correlated with power , and predictions of Europe 's downfall have a long history of failing to materialize .
While too rapid a rate of immigration can cause social problems , proponents argue that , over the long term , immigration strengthens the power of the US .
One senior Asian statesman , an acute long-time observer of both the US and China , concludes that China will not surpass the US as the leading power of the twenty-first century because of America 's ability to attract the best and brightest from the rest of the world and meld them into a diverse culture of creativity .
After that , however , the Soviet growth rate and share of global output began a long decline .
Russia is no longer hampered by communist ideology and a cumbersome central-planning system , and the likelihood of ethnic fragmentation , though still a threat , has waned .
Now some American neo-conservatives argue that the US should drop its longstanding support for European integration .
On the other hand , if he merely supports such governments , he will antagonize those countries ' new information-empowered civil society , thus jeopardizing longer-term stability .
Likewise , Switzerland long used mandatory military service and mountainous geography as hard-power resources for deterrence , while making itself attractive to others through banking , commercial , and cultural networks .
Whether China can maintain this capability over the longer term is a mystery to outsiders and Chinese leaders themselves .
Communist ideology is long gone , so the legitimacy of the ruling party depends on economic growth and ethnic Han nationalism .
Both countries , along with others , have much more to gain from cooperation .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
Political observers have long debated whether economic or military power is more fundamental . The Marxist tradition casts economics as the underlying structure of power , and political institutions as a mere superstructure , an assumption shared by nineteenth-century liberals who believed that growing interdependence in trade and finance would make war obsolete .
With the end of the Cold War , the containment of the Soviet Union ushered in by Kissinger 's visit could no longer serve as the basis for US-China relations .
For example , China began pressing territorial claims in the South China Sea , as well as escalating a longstanding border dispute with India .
But this apparent return to normality should not mislead us about the longer-term importance of 9\/11 .
Americans have a long history of incorrectly estimating their power .
But one should remember that these problems are only part of the picture -- and , in principle , they can be solved over the long term .
The EU , in this narrative , is merely the latest in a long line of predatory and unscrupulous foreign powers that have assaulted Serbian identity and pride .
Thus , although Serbia 's loss of sovereignty over Kosovo will undoubtedly be painful in the short term , the long-term gains for the entire Western Balkans region from eventual EU accession are vastly more significant .
Ireland , long one of the EU 's bright spots , will be a source of great anxiety in the days to come .
Among other findings and recommendations , our task force pointed out that in the cases where the IMF found capital-account regulations to be effective , such measures were part of a broader macroeconomic toolkit , and were deployed early on , alongside other measures , not as a `` last resort . ''
Such reforms should work towards developing a multilaterally agreed multi-currency reserve system or even , in the longer term , a world currency based on the Special Drawing Rights issued by the IMF .
NEW YORK -- For those of us who have long claimed that the world 's international financial architecture needed deep reform , the call for a `` Bretton Woods II '' is welcome .
The essential idea is quite simple : in the long run , an international monetary system can not be built on a national currency -- a point made a half-century ago by the Belgian-American economist Robert Triffin .
But , along with the precious metals , e-waste also contains potent toxic chemicals such as lead , mercury , cadmium , and brominated flame retardants .
Even in comparison with the US , China is a capitalist paradise - so long as you steer clear of the central government .
The face of General Electric 's longtime boss Jack Welch is in bookstore windows across China , although his latest book is probably a pirated edition because China still has a way to go on copyright protection .
Mr. Zhu has been China 's Jack Welch , the tough-minded , longtime CEO of the American conglomerate General Electric -- a man celebrated for his candor , his global sophistication , and his insistence on performance .
Gaza is one of the most densely populated places on earth , and one of the poorest -- 1.5 million of us live on a patch of land about 41 kilometers long and 6-12 kilometers wide .
Moreover , the consensus countrywide was that the revamped Independent National Electoral Commission -LRB- INEC -RRB- , under the leadership of Attahiru Jega , a respected university teacher , would help cut the PDP down to size by ensuring free and fair elections at long last .
Meanwhile , restive armed youth in the oil-producing delta , Jonathan 's native region , are waiting to see what dividends `` our son '' will bring to his long-neglected home .
So far , bleak predictions that the campaign would split Nigerians along Islamic\/Christian lines , triggering sectarian violence before the voting , have not come to pass .
Some calm has returned , and oil production is resuming . But the lethal mix of poverty , youth unemployment , and the mesmerizing spectacle of millions of petrodollars flowing out of the delta and into the pockets of the powerful , casts a long shadow .
The group 's demands include dividing the country into six or eight new regions along broad ethnic lines with powers to generate and spend revenue .
Although American officials had said that the United States would not support Obasanjo if the election were flawed , it was an open secret long before polling began that the PDP would manipulate the outcome to remain in power .
Moreover , Obasanjo has a long and sorry track record when it comes to elections .
Doubts linger about whether longtime northern PDP leaders , used to cutting midnight deals with their southern counterparts , would break ranks and support Ribadu next year .
Nevertheless , ordinary Nigerians hope that the presidential election this week , and governorship and state-assembly polls on April 26 , will put into office politicians who will , at long last , take on these challenges .
The new US military presence in Uzbekistan is an important sign of how the geopolitical rules of the last half of the 20th century no longer hold sway .
No one can now foretell how long the US will be engaged in Uzbekistan , or whether America will extend its reach deeper into Central Asia .
Even if the US were to fully withdraw , the military balance within Central Asia would yet be likely to change . For the US seems certain to offer Uzbekistan long-term military assistance as a reward for serving as a gateway for US military engagement in Afghanistan .
Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov , for his part , has long believed that it is his country 's destiny to dominate Central Asia .
The declaration commits governments to improving the health care of children with intellectual disabilities to enhance lifelong development , as well as inclusion and full participation in society , and sets out ten priorities for action , which include empowering children , protecting them against harm and abuse , and transferring care from institutions to the community .
In tough economic times , there is a tendency to sacrifice human rights , but preventing institutionalization of children or adults with disabilities is no longer open to negotiation .
For children in institutions , five years is a long time to wait .
Indeed , a `` financial G-6 '' may today make more sense than the current G-7 , but that may no longer hold true tomorrow .
One way forward would be to establish numerical guidelines -- along the lines of the Maastricht Treaty -- for conferring G-7 membership .
Russians expected that , once their country was seen to be no longer confrontational and expansionist , it would be treated as a legitimate partner , not as a defeated enemy .
It would retain its status alongside the United States ' on the world stage , its territorial integrity would be unquestioned , and it would be left to manage its domestic affairs without outside interference or criticism .
Making all this happen requires moving toward a new model for ensuring that we are more productive globally with core resources that we have long taken for granted .
The proposed u-turn by the EU means that Mladic 's arrest and transfer to The Hague is no longer a condition for restarting talks .
And it is now clear that the biggest winners of globalization are no longer the Europeans or the Americans , but the Asians .
Moreover , after all that has happened in the past six months , Central Europeans can no longer look up to old countries representing the moral values of Western civilization .
But , as Western governments -- and European Union government , in particular -- respond , they should view Lukashenko 's brutal crackdown as a major turning point : the moment when the regime could no longer claim popular support and was forced to confront the failure of its antediluvian socioeconomic model .
Poland has announced that it will grant Belarusians visas at no cost , while denying visas to a long list of regime officials that it says were involved in the recent electoral fraud .
But , following a recent 64 % devaluation of the currency , the clock appears to be running out on his prolonged misrule .
The West should send the same message to Lukasenko that it has sent to Libyan leader Muammar el-Qaddafi and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad : No IMF money to prolong the life of the regime .
Of course , the common currency 's net long-term political and economic benefits are clear .
This gap would lead to volatility of capital inflows and output , causing investors to shun long-term projects in the new , unstable part of the eurozone .
The Czech Republic , Poland , and Hungary have moved in this direction , preparing to target a steady , linear inflation path consistent with the long-term inflation forecast for the eurozone .
While the current yield on 10-year Polish government bonds of 4.7 % appears to be at the edge of meeting the Maastricht long-term interest-rate benchmark , sustainability will depend on the fiscal policy outlook and on the overall credit risk .
But a Muslim living in Europe is confronted with the necessity of objectifying the religion . Ulemas -LRB- religious scholars -RRB- are useless for believers who must search for purely religious criteria that are no longer linked to a given culture .
If Europeans want to take part in vital global decisions - as the EU security strategy outlined not long ago by Javier Solana argued - they must find a middle way between the unanimity rule and the reality of member states ' actual power .
As the case of Iraq shows , `` months '' is a long time in the Middle East .
Second , as long as a serious breach of international law is not detected , negotiations with Iran must continue .
China has long waited to hear that .
Chu is a former Berkeley and Stanford professor of physics and head of the Lawrence Berkeley National Lab , while Locke is a former Washington State governor and a long-time supporter of US-China commercial exchanges .
Still , one is left wonder if this new collaborative bonhomie and ethnic bonding will prove strong enough to cut through not only the long history of distrustful interactions between the US and China , but also the destabilizing effects of China 's sudden economic rise ?
As I strolled through Tiananmen Square , the paradox that struck me was that the very system of democratic capitalism that the West has so ardently believed in and advocated now seems to be failing us . At the same time , the kind of authoritarianism and state-managed economics that we have long impugned now seems to be serving China well .
Even today , with Mao 's revolution long gone and globalization having knit a new fabric of inter-dependence around China , there remains , particularly among older leaders , a residual wariness about relying on collaboration with outsiders , especially when it comes to `` core interests . ''
The drought in Guizhou , whatever its cause , is a reminder that the fate of China 's people has become inextricably linked to what happens elsewhere , and that no country can opt out or find unilateral solutions separate from the global commonweal any longer .
Given the two countries ' long-strained relations , this visit would have been remarkable at any time .
Our countries and peoples have , throughout history , lived under a common umbrella for far longer than we have been divided .
Indeed , the only certainty of any pre-emptive strike is irreparable and long-lasting damage to regional security and political and economic stability .
If America 's long history of energy-and-emissions gluttony proves anything , it 's that an automobile-dependent society is vastly easier to create than to un-create .
As a result , Turkey no longer considers a federalized Iraq a threat to its security , as long as each federal unit maintains a measure of ethnic diversity .
In response , Israelis quickly developed their own `` End of History '' thesis , suggesting that soon Zionism would be a thing of the past , primarily because there would no longer be a need for any ideology to support what would be a normal modern state , at peace with its neighbors and with its past traumas .
Paralleling Middle Israel , though perhaps not initially befriending it or liking it very much , this kind of Palestine will be the best news that the Middle East will have had for a long time .
It belongs in the world of nations , and seriously strives for peace with its Arab neighbors and equality for all its citizens .
But , for now , Middle Israel is conducting its creative and affluent life alongside an assortment of Muslim and Jewish fanatics , many of whom are sponsored by the moderate middle 's tax money .
Israel has gone a long way since the Arab world set out to kill it off .
Israel has lost its few capable leaders -- Sharon alongside Begin and Rabin - to assorted calamities .
From 2002-2007 , Turkey experienced its longest period of uninterrupted economic growth , which averaged 6-7 % year on year , while annual inflation has plummeted -LRB- it now stands at 3.9 % -RRB- .
Indeed , there can no longer be any debate about the need to act , because the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- , of which I am chairman , has established climate change as an unequivocal reality beyond scientific doubt .
Europe now faces key decisions that concern both its values and its interests in the Arab world , and the reconciliation of its short - and long-term objectives .
Second , carry traders borrow short-term money in Japan but may invest in longer-term assets outside Japan .
The policy of ultra-low interest rates was justified in the aftermath of the bursting of Japan 's asset price bubble , but Japan stabilized its economy long ago .
A realignment of the dollar is long overdue .
That policy produced short-term consumption gains for America , which explains why it was popular with American politicians , but it has inflicted major long-term damage on the US economy and contributed to the current crisis .
On the contrary , heterodox economists like Thorsten Veblen and Joseph Schumpeter long ago raised many of today 's cutting-edge issues in neoclassical economics , including the role of social norms and the relationship between technological innovation and business cycles .
The Debt Delusion WASHINGTON , DC &#45; &#45; A second big American interest-rate cut in a fortnight , alongside an economic stimulus plan that united Republicans and Democrats , demonstrates that US policymakers are keen to head off a recession that looks like the consequence of rising mortgage defaults and falling home prices .
Despite the massive tax cuts of 2001 and the increase in military and security spending , the US experienced a prolonged jobless recovery .
Meanwhile , prolonged low interest rates contributed to a `` chase for yield '' in the financial sector that resulted in disregard of credit risk .
Policy must also chart a stable long-term course , which implies the need to reconsider the paradigm of the past 25 years .
It also explains why Continental Europe has had such high unemployment rates for so long .
It has been in no one 's interest to disturb this live-and let-live pragmatism for very long .
But in the long run , clean energy will be the only way to bring economic growth without doing irreparable environmental damage .
Oriana Fallaci published a long rant along this line shortly after the attacks .
Big issues , such as migration , narcotics , or the environment , no longer fall within a traditional left-right framework .
It is no longer just one side against the other .
There is , by contrast , a traditional style of leadership that almost encourages fear and insecurity , so that a savior can come along and say , `` I am the one who will solve this . ''
Consider the example of Greek-Turkish relations , which had hardened under the compressed weight of `` establishment '' views that were long entrenched in both countries .
We will not be returned to government unless we offer a better kind of democracy in the long term .
Europe has come a long way from those years of division , but we have not yet fully reaped the benefits promised by the wave of change of 1989 .
So long as the eurozone 's systemic risk is not addressed , sovereign defaults are not unlikely , leading to extended bank bailouts that could carry unacceptable costs .
In the longer term , radical reforms in capital , product , and labor markets will also be needed , complemented by a stronger and more cohesive investment strategy at the European level , aimed at boosting competitiveness and restoring growth prospects .
Chavez is no longer a lonely populist .
Easy applause can no longer be had by attacking big business or the IMF .
Most Muslims also approved when the police raided and confiscated weapons at the Finsbury Park mosque in London , whose Imam had long preached hatred of the West and support for terrorists .
Islam and Europe have long shaped one another 's cultural identity .
And if there were assemblers , they would face the same limitation as the bacteria with which we started our story : they ca n't travel long distances without hitching a ride , and would simply run out of raw material .
But , according to the vote counts released by the government after a suspicious month-long delay , the MDC 's margin of victory -- 48 % to 43 % -- fell short of the 50 % required to avoid a run-off election .
Last year , Biti was detained and beaten along with Tsvangirai and dozens of other MDC officials .
Only three maverick Republican Senators went along with Obama 's proposals to get the plan accepted .
If you assume that governing is like campaigning -- that you have to be on top of the debate 24 hours a day , seven days a week -- can you really anticipate a long shelf life ?
First , your own eyes and your reason would surely tell you before long that the communist idyll -- the withering away of the state and the triumph over need -- would never come .
Throughout the long years of this bloody tragedy , we have tried to inch our way to a settlement through confidence-building measures or , in the case of the long dead `` Road Map , '' through pushing both parties to take parallel steps towards an agreement .
The US is no longer in denial on the question .
Germany will not be challenged to break out of its increasing introversion , no longer obliged to demonstrate its democratic post-war credentials by embracing the European cause at every turn .
Van Rompuy will be able to offer a longer view than that of a six-month national presidency .
While climate , geography , and the colonial past share some of the blame for today 's misery , most of the responsibility belongs to those African governments that have behaved so badly .
With a dispassionate eye on the long game , what will the president himself be thinking ?
What is interesting is that Indian businesspeople no longer dwell on what India 's government needs to do .
So the new government has no alternative but to begin the long haul of restoring the nation 's finances to the black .
GAZA CITY -- It is easier to enter a maximum-security prison than it is to enter the strip of land -- 45 kilometers long and maybe eight wide -- that is home to Gaza 's 1.5 million Palestinians .
On the other side is a kilometer-long caged walkway that leads into this part of Palestine , trapped between Israel , Egypt , the Mediterranean , and the general indifference of the international community .
The view walking -- in sweltering heat -- through that long cage is apocalyptic .
We noticed the long-running horror story again when the Israeli Defense Forces attacked a Turkish flotilla , carrying relief supplies , in May , with nine civilian fatalities .
I drove in the papal cavalcade along the motorway from Edinburgh , where Benedict met Queen Elizabeth , to Glasgow , where he celebrated an open-air mass .
All along the road were throngs of people .
The message conveyed by the pope and by the religious leaders with whom he met defied the contemporary assumption that the public can not understand anything longer or more complicated than a sound bite .
Making a coherent , well-argued case is surely the best way in the long-term of trying to mobilize consent for any course of action .
But Benedict asserted the importance of faith alongside reason and law in safeguarding our civilization .
But China has re-emerged a big hitter , along with India -- whose population will soon be bigger and younger than China 's -- and Brazil .
The United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions no longer reflect the world 's power balance , and , even as the scale of problems common to all countries has increased , their willingness to share sovereignty to tackle them has diminished .
Carols , church bells , and mangers are still at the heart of mid-winter festivities , alongside the consumer binge .
An old man with a long beard watches over us , and most of us retain a pretty literal opinion of the stories about his Son told in the Bible 's New Testament .
No Exceptions LONDON -- Anyone who has read The Yacoubian Building , a novel published in 2002 by the Egyptian author Alaa-al-Aswany , will regard the revolution in Egypt as long overdue .
While research by the Pew Centers suggested that the aspirations of families in the Middle East were similar to those elsewhere , many of us went along with the comfortable delusion that Muslim-majority societies could n't manage and did n't want democracy .
What do we do about the bottom billion in the world who remain in grinding poverty while the rest of us live better and longer lives ?
Appearing to speak without giving the issue much thought , Sarkozy initially proposed a club of European and mostly Arab states along the Mediterranean 's shore .
There was a forum where Israelis and their long-term Arab foes could sit together and discuss other matters than the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
It has long since been time to move on , making a sustained drive for the sort of settlement that was almost achieved in the Clinton years .
Prolonged heat can increase smog and the dispersal of allergens , causing respiratory symptoms .
As whole areas heat up , mosquitoes enter formerly forbidden territories , bringing illness with them , while causing more disease for longer periods in the areas they already inhabit .
China 's management of food and product safety issues will have a long-term impact on trade relations , the sustainability of China 's growth strategy , and its further integration into the global trading system .
The agreements we have achieved thus far are like signposts showing progress along the road to mutual economic prosperity .
To turn back would jeopardize the long-term strategic interests of both countries for short-term political expediency .
Given the long-standing relationship between Pakistan 's Islamic militants and the military , it became clear there were limits to how far Musharraf was prepared to go in the `` war on terrorism . ''
Africa is the last frontier for resource discovery , having long been relatively neglected by mining and other resource-extraction companies , owing to difficult political conditions .
So long as political masters yearn for quick fixes and high profile results , however , such programs are likely to yield only short term successes .
They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that . But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails , so long as there are rich drug users in the West , they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families .
Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries wo n't be admitted to the EU as equals .
Perhaps more to the point , they feel that as long as a European security system is not in place , they may yet need the US to defend their security and independence .
In other words , both the language and the agenda that originally belonged to extreme-right parties have been appropriated by the political mainstream .
Transylvania , where the country 's ethnic Hungarians are overwhelmingly concentrated , is also Romania 's cultural bridge to the West , because this part of Romania belonged for centuries to the Hapsburg Empire .
While most Russians seem to realize that their country can no longer be `` salvaged '' by the Communists , many are betting on semi-authoritarian rule and national revival stemming from traditional Russian values .
Such a regional group would be bound together by a long common history and compatible interests .
Within months , if not weeks , of realizing the long-sought goal of European Union membership , a wave of political instability surged through Central Europe .
In contrast , West European states do no longer seem so concerned with the political dimension of European integration .
CLAREMONT , CALIFORNIA -- The debt crisis in Europe is no longer a European affair .
China can take three measures to help Europe , but , if they are to succeed , the EU must set aside some of its long-standing suspicions about China .
In the short term , this might dampen China 's own growth , but , given China 's mammoth trade surplus with the EU -LRB- $ 230 billion in 2010 -RRB- , this is both long overdue and reasonable .
Some measures -- Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 and from the Gaza Strip in 2005 , or Hamas ' year-long ceasefire -- might be seen as constructive .
Visa applications are increasing , indicating preparations for limited or prolonged sojourns abroad .
The problem is that such long-term investments bring results only in the medium and long term .
At long last , these countries ' demographic wealth would be used to meet their development needs .
Subsequent investigation revealed that the structure , the longest of its kind , simply pushed the limits of railroad-bridge engineering too far .
In 1879 , the longest bridge in the world spanned the River Tay at Dundee , Scotland .
In 1907 , the longest span in the world was being constructed over the St. Lawrence River near Quebec , Canada .
Although it was only slightly longer than the highly successful cantilever bridge over the Forth River near Edinburgh , Scotland , the Quebec Bridge was so inadequately designed that it collapsed before it was completed .
In 1940 , the third longest suspension bridge in the world was opened in Washington State .
Both were among the longest structures of their kind and were thought to be just natural applications of existing technology .
As such , its development into ever longer spans is following the historic pattern that in the past has led to failures .
Much of the fiscal `` stimulus '' to consumers causes companies to hang onto employees a little longer rather than to release them to export and import-competing industries that are expanding .
At least in developed countries -- but increasingly in underdeveloped ones as well -- the problem is no longer one of access to information , but of the lack of ability to process and make sense of that information .
Moreover , our calculations are conservative , as they do not include extinctions caused by invasive species , the expansion of human technologies -LRB- such as the long-line fishing that harms many seabirds -RRB- , or global warming .
COPENHAGEN -- As the world continues to debate the impact of climate-change while seeking a new global treaty to prevent it , Kenya has endured a prolonged drought followed by heavy flooding .
Thus , Russia sells high-technology weapons , including bombers , submarines , and perhaps an aircraft carrier , to China , which not only shares the world 's longest border with Russia , but also disputes parts of that border .
Russia 's current diplomatic tilt , indeed , is clearly against its own long-term national security interests .
Alienating the West is a foolish strategy when the greatest long term threat to Russia comes from the East .
It would not be difficult for them to convince ordinary Russians , who have already been primed by today 's xenophobic propaganda , that Tbilisi , Sevastopol , Astana , and Tallinn belong to Russia and should be taken by force .
Kissinger works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with his long-time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
In the past , some countries have enjoyed tearless consolidation , because the launch of a retrenchment program was accompanied by a drop in long-term interest rates , a decline in private savings , or a surge in exports thanks to exchange-rate depreciation -LRB- or all of these at the same time -RRB- .
But this can work only as long as the US does not follow suit and continues to serve as consumer of last resort .
So , what if Europe and the US both enter a phase of prolonged budgetary adjustment while the emerging world stays on course ?
When it comes to ECB purchases of government bonds , no one understands exactly for how long and for what purpose the new weapon is to be used -- which reduces its effectiveness .
Both sides have revisited the Great Depression of the 1930 's -- as well as the centuries-long history of sovereign-debt crises -- in a controversy that bears little resemblance to conventional economic-policy controversies .
To lower growth by this magnitude at a time when the private sector has not yet completed its deleveraging cycle -- and governments are starting their own -- is to risk a prolonged period of near-stagnation , which could turn crisis-induced unemployment into structural unemployment .
Furthermore , tighter credit standards over a prolonged period are likely to fall disproportionately on cash-poor , fast-growing companies , with consequences for innovation , productivity , and ultimately growth potential .
Whether deliberately or not , regulators seem to have missed their chance to implement serious changes to the rules of global finance , and governments are now so weakened that they are at the mercy of those who , not long ago , were begging them for help .
Under pressure to act without delay , and unable at this early stage to identify key priorities for structural reform , governments set themselves a long and ragbag to-do list .
Japan has resumed foreign-exchange intervention , and the US Federal Reserve and the Bank of England are preparing another large-scale purchase of government bonds -- a measure called `` quantitative easing , '' which lowers long-term interest rates and indirectly weakens the currency .
According to an unwritten rule that has emerged over the years , central banks can do as they see fit , as long as they keep inflation stable over the medium term .
The notion is absurd -- John Maynard Keynes long ago spoke of gold as a `` barbarous relic '' -- but the problem of anchoring global monetary policy and ensuring its alignment with developments in global supply is nonetheless real .
The rational for affirmative action in those early years was the fact that , after a long history of systemic injustice , merely outlawing discrimination based on race or gender would not ensure equal opportunity for all .
Earmarking of taxes caused current expenditures -LRB- especially on social-security benefits -RRB- to increase along with revenues , reducing the scope for a higher public-sector contribution to domestic savings .
Over the longer term , population aging represents a major challenge for a social-security system that already spends , as a share of GDP , as much as developed countries , where the share of the population 65 and over is twice that of Brazil .
Host community supervisors look at business units in isolation from the international group to which they belong .
A humane version of the biomedical sciences would , for instance , acknowledge that it is not about to transcend the limits of the human body , and so it would no longer make promises that it can not keep .
Already eyeing a third term , he can count on political longevity on the order of Mahathir 's 22-year rule .
For much of Thailand 's long economic boom of the past two decades , wealth resided mostly in the Bangkok metropolitan area , a boon to the burgeoning urban middle class , but deeply resented by the rural majority .
Thaksin recognized this urban-rural divide and shrewdly exploited it , upending the elite consensus that had long prevailed .
These masses , along with the urban poor , make up the bulk of the red shirts .
The electorate is no longer passive in the face of rampant corruption and vote-buying .
The spate of armed clashes along the border this year stems from PAD provocations .
With 47 million voters and turnout at 75 % , Thailand 's latest election results pose a decisive challenge to the country 's long-established regime .
By 2001 , the Cold War was long over .
Political leaders who dissented from the status quo could no longer easily be jailed on communism-related charges .
For them , doing so would be tantamount to admitting that most people in this hospitable , well-endowed kingdom had been kept poor by design all along .
The park 's waterways contain one-tenth of the world 's remaining 1,000 giant river otters , along with black and speckled caiman , pink river dolphins , and capybaras .
If all goes well , a Koizumi visit to China may be in the offing . Koizumi has long sought an official visit , only to be stymied by Chinese opposition to his Yasukuni visits .
Even as the SARS epidemic raged in China , Japanese companies kept their long-term investment bets on the promise of low-cost Chinese labor .
Over the long-term , however , accommodation will be difficult on issues like Taiwan , Korean reunification , and the future of the US alliance structure in Asia .
Speaking on behalf of the European Union , a German spokesperson rejected the concept of `` defamation of religion '' as not valid in a human rights context , because human rights belonged to individuals , not to institutions or religions .
Interest in business ethics courses has surged , and student activities at leading business schools are more focused than ever before on making business serve long-term social values .
In that tradition , the economist Milton Friedman wrote , in his 1962 book Capitalism and Freedom : `` there is one and only one social responsibility of business -- to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game , which is to say , engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud . ''
Only the prison doctor , it seems , was prepared to say that he did not have more than three months to live , while four specialists refused to say how long he might have .
That is one of many recent dramatic signs that our climate is changing and that our planet is warmer than it has been for a very long time .
But there is a shortage of hearts for transplantation , and in the US , LVADs are now being implanted as a long-term treatment for heart failure , just as a dialysis machine replaces a kidney .
According to Manoj Jain of Emory University , every year 200,000 US patients could be kept alive a little longer with an LVAD , at a cost of $ 200,000 per patient , or $ 40 billion .
Moreover , although Muslim religious and secular leaders are able to isolate millenarian terrorists and undercut their popular support , they lack the moral capital to completely discredit nationalist extremists groups like Hamas and Islamic Jihad , as long as the Muslim laity shares some of their goals . To the powerless , nationalist suicide bombers look like a great equalizer .
As long as no distinction is made between nationalist extremists and fanatical terrorists like Al Qaeda , the latter will be able to masquerade as the defenders of Muslims who are seen as `` driven '' to resort to suicide bombing because of military weakness . America 's ill-advised foray into Iraq has further confounded the distinction between the two types of suicide bombers and created a nearly ideal breeding ground for a new generation of terrorists .
But relying upon population growth and desertification to prolong their lives would be robbing Peter to pay Paul .
WWII 's victors had to rule Germany for four years and Japan for longer .
We need no longer address the first - that he was behind the attacks of September 2001 on the US .
The US has skilfully carried the international community along with it so far .
Just as an independent central bank helps the private sector take long-term decisions based on a clear and stable set of rules , so an independent financial sector regulator can ensure that the rules of the regulatory game are applied consistently over time .
In the long-term , financial stability , no less than price stability , requires independent and accountable regulators and supervisors .
They loathe it for its `` surrender '' in Ukraine to the `` Orange Revolution , '' and they condemn the decision to give land along Siberia 's Amur River to China .
As I grow older , I 'm no longer sure why this is so important , but the male members of our species seem to think that it is .
The stereotypical Latin American economies of yesteryear used to get into trouble through populist government spending , while the East Asian economies ran into difficulty because of excessive long-term investment .
Unfortunately , though , so long as some countries like China , Germany , Japan , and the oil exporters pump surplus goods into the world economy , not all countries can trim their spending to stay within their means .
India , for example , has eschewed currency intervention thus far , even while opening up to long-term rupee debt inflows , in an attempt to finance much-needed infrastructure projects .
The Federal Reserve is of a similar mind , not only maintaining rock-bottom short-term interest rates , but also embarking on an adventurous policy targeting long-term rates .
The regulatory uncertainty created in areas such as health care makes it difficult not only for the health-care industry to make long-term investment decisions , but also for businesses to make long-term hires .
CHICAGO -- Democratic governments are not incentivized to take decisions that have short-term costs but produce long-term gains , the typical pattern for any investment .
Even if inaction -LRB- or action oriented towards the longer term -RRB- is the best policy , it is not an option for democratically elected politicians , whom voters expect to govern , which inevitably means action with the potential for quick results .
A sympathetic press amplifies heart-rending stories of lost jobs and homes , making those counseling against intervention or advocating longer-term fixes appear callous .
With governments in many developed countries now reaching the limits of their gap-filling capacity , three undesirable possibilities loom large -LRB- in addition to the desirable possibility that they will have no choice but to undertake long-postponed reforms that will create sustainable growth with less need for government buffers -RRB- .
Much of what is enacted as stimulus has little immediate effect on job creation , but does have an adverse long-term effect on government finances .
For example , the 2009 stimulus package enacted by the Obama administration had many billions of dollars devoted to cancer research , though such research employs few people directly and is spent over a long time horizon -- far beyond that of even a prolonged recovery .
But prolonged near-zero rates can foster the wrong kinds of activities .
For example , households and investment managers , reluctant to keep money in safe money-market funds , instead seek to invest in securities with longer maturities and higher credit risk , so long as they offer extra yield .
We have long understood that it is not income that matters , but consumption .
This is much harder than doling out credit , but more effective in the long run .
Moreover , even in such a bleak world , it is difficult to imagine the market breaking down completely or for long .
Myopic actions on both sides have helped entrench a longer-term pattern of behavior that only makes it harder to move away from today 's unsustainable equilibrium .
Similarly , the export lobby in China has no interest in a strong renminbi , even though it is in China 's long-term interest to let its currency appreciate .
Countries will have to agree to accept and facilitate the IMF 's direct engagement with their influential citizenry as long as it is carried out in good faith .
Relationship-based financial systems perform better when markets and firms are smaller , when legal protection is weaker , there is little public information , and innovation is incremental . Banks tend to have close , long-term , and protective ties with the managers of such firms , primarily because the bank 's holdings are illiquid .
But now that Europe 's internal economic boundaries have been mostly removed , and the political objective has shifted to political unification , integration may no longer be so market-friendly .
The reason is simple : metal usage has been substituted by many alternatives , but most still require petroleum products as inputs , and decades-long efforts to develop sufficient alternative energy sources have yielded little success .
Still , the plant -- along with its spent nuclear fuel , extracted plutonium , and nuclear reprocessing waste -- poses significant radiological hazards that a military strike could disperse into the environment .
Beyond health effects , contamination could terrorize affected populations , prompting temporary flight and permanent relocation . Serious , long-term economic consequences would follow .
During the 1970 's , he approached China , India , and Pakistan . Fortunately , despite the fact that India and Pakistan lay outside the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- -- and thus were not subject to its prohibition on disseminating arsenals -- they , along with China , rebuffed Qadaffi 's requests . Undaunted , he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
The time to implement such a strategy is long overdue .
Critics contend that the clause , along with the Kremlin 's implied warning that it could withdraw from the treaty unilaterally were America 's defenses to become too robust , provides the Kremlin with leverage to impede deployment of any strategic missile-defense system .
The Obama administration repeatedly denies such claims , along with others that the treaty 's verification provisions remain insufficient .
Despite the claims by both the Bush and Obama administrations that Russia and the US are no longer adversaries , it seems that the rapprochement has not translated into elimination of mutual nuclear targeting .
While Israel keeps its bomb in the basement , it has a long history of stopping its adversaries .
Despite the relatively costless overthrow of the Qaddafi regime , America 's prolonged interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq have severely strained the public 's tolerance for an active foreign policy .
In time , the US had to accept that each political contest or military battle lost was not a watershed as long as its core interests in Europe , the Far East , and Latin America were not threatened .
SANTA MARTA , COLOMBIA -- Like all cancer patients , Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez faces three scenarios : a quick cure , prolonged treatment , or an early death .
He can radicalize the `` revolution , '' as he has done in earlier crises , or he can lay down the rules and conditions for the succession in order to prevent the prediction , attributed to the long-time Chávista Diosdado Cabello , from coming true : `` Without Chávez , there will be absolutely nothing left . ''
If his treatment is prolonged , he might try governing with rotating vice-presidents , and , if a prompt cure or prolonged treatment are not possible and elections are postponed , an uncertain transition would be hastened .
But self-reliance will be impossible to achieve as long as the rich countries favor free markets and free trade only when it suits them .
The Six-Party Talks have , at long last , succeeded -- thanks , apparently , to China 's solid opposition to the nuclearization of northeast Asia .
Under the aegis of the Six-Party umbrella , the United States and North Korea have even held the bilateral talks that North Korea 's Kim Jong Il has long coveted .
All in all , the calmer situation in Northeast Asia might seem to be a fragile basis for creating long-term peace and prosperity in the region .
The Portuguese arrived not long after , and stayed 400 years .
So , in August , Ramos-Horta ended the deadlock by swearing in Gusmão , a long-term political ally and former president , as prime minister .
But this did not last long , thanks to both the UN and the democratic processes it is helping to nurture .
Will Pakistan be dragged along the path of Islamic extremism and emergency rule , or finally achieve modernity as a secular nation under civilian leadership ?
That choice matters as an example across Asia , because Pakistan has long been the traditional sanctuary of Al Qaeda and its Taliban cohorts , who hide in the inhospitable Pakistani-Afghani border region .
The country 's mushrooming instability has triggered a bitter debate in the United States about the long-term viability of Musharraf 's military-backed government and whether US financial support for Pakistan should continue .
At the height of the Soviet-Afghanistan war in the 1980 's , Pakistan was the covert conduit for Filipino Muslim militants passing to and from Afghanistan and back to the island of Mindanao , which has long been a stronghold of Muslim rebels .
To be sure , the country 's `` America '' card -- the result of the two countries ' longstanding strategic relationship -LRB- I myself was educated at West Point and fought alongside US troops in the Korean War -RRB- -- must be played carefully and not be taken for granted .
There is now real hope that talks along these lines can succeed .
But now that community must confront its greatest challenge : the rise of China . As China grows mightier economically and politically , how can long-term stability in the Asia-Pacific be ensured ?
He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat -LRB- today we would say long-wave radiation -RRB- .
But , while emerging economies are proving to be drivers of global demand , the right mix of government initiatives and policies is still required to ensure that they continue to provide the impetus for faster world economic recovery in the short term and be the engines of sustainable growth in the medium and long term .
There is also a strong need for supporting long-term capital flows to emerging economies to stimulate investment further , particularly in their infrastructure sectors , thereby injecting much-needed additional demand into the global economy .
Yet , in the long run , it is the latter who matter most , and their importance persists when other preoccupations turn out to be transitory .
Tajbakhsh was arrested along with other leading Iranian-American intellectuals , including Haleh Esfandiari of the Washington-based Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars .
Now , at long last , we can close one of the darkest and most bloodstained chapters in Europe 's history .
What generations of Europeans have dreamt of is at long last within reach .
The company 's debt\/asset ratio leapt from 18 % to 90 % as company reserves for long-term development -- essential in the telecoms industry -- were used to service the loan .
Trade unions in the United Kingdom , Germany , Canada , and elsewhere have long pointed to the damage caused by leveraged buy-outs .
The answer depends crucially on how each country and the international community respond to key policy challenges : addressing global imbalances through macroeconomic policies and long-overdue reform ; meeting the costs of aging populations ; strengthening defenses against economic and financial crises ; and delivering on the pressing imperatives of poverty reduction .
But , before long , many developing countries will also have to face up to it , and in many cases without a cushion of affluence .
Strong political commitments are needed to provide the aid that is needed to accelerate progress , and to secure success for the Doha trade round that is so crucial for developing countries ' longer-term prospects .
The resilience of the global economy in the face of political and economic shocks demonstrates the central relevance of the reform process - and underlines the importance of continuing along this path .
Multilateral lenders have long understood the importance of debt relief to poverty reduction .
The IMF has long called on donors to meet the internationally accepted target for overseas development assistance of 0.7 % of GDP .
We must not forget that the multilateral trading system -- along with the Bretton Woods institutions -- was originally created to avoid a repeat of the protectionism and competitive devaluations of the 1930 's that plunged the world into depression .
These differences are , in turn , associated with long-standing differences in policy regimes .
To make us choose what is good for us , they avoid fines , compulsion , and prohibition in favor of `` nudges '' -- institutional arrangements that we could , in principle , easily override , but that , given our tendency to rely on System I , we end up going along with .
As long as choice engineering tricks us into making choices that our own more deliberate self would make , they say , manipulation is justifiable .
Climate change looms as this century 's primary long-term environmental challenge .
This bleak forecast marks the end of Colombia 's longest cycle of growth in three decades , leaving the country in the same fragile situation as that of many other developing economies .
These policies should allow Colombia 's economy to grow -- barely -- this year , but only as long as the world economy begins to stabilize before the end of the first quarter .
But if the international crisis lasts longer than the first half of 2010 , all bets are off , and Colombia will struggle to find its economic footing in a region devastated by generalized contraction .
I am heartened by calls for this in the UK , and that the talk is now turning to the purchase of risky assets , such as corporate bonds or bundles of loans to the private sector , as opposed to long-term government securities .
In both the US and the UK , it reduced the real expected return on long-term government bonds , which in turn nurtured a recovery in the stock market .
CAMBRIDGE -- Who will suffer the longest and the most from the implosion in 2008-2009 of Wall Street and the ensuing world recession ?
The unemployment rate at the end of 2009 was above 10 % , duration of joblessness was the longest since the Great Depression , millions had had their working hours cut , and millions more were too discouraged by a lack of jobs to seek work .
Advanced Europe , Canada , and Japan also suffered major job losses that will last for a long time .
A long , painful period of high unemployment runs counter to what most experts believed the flexible US economic model would ever produce .
Many OECD countries initiated various kinds of flexibility reforms in the hope of improving their economies along US lines .
The view that flexibility is the key factor in employment is no longer tenable .
This progress , which gained a further institutional foothold with the establishment of the International Criminal Court last July , led many to believe that the triumph of international law is no longer a utopian hope but a practical prospect .
No longer would the powerful sit by idly while butchers like Slobodan Milosevic or Foday Sankoh slaughtered their own people .
Having beaten his Socialist rival , Ségolène Royal , Sarkozy decided to compound the Socialists ' crisis by appointing to his government several political figures long associated with the center-left .
Kouchner did not invent the so-called `` droit d'ingerence , '' which can be rendered in English as the right of intervention . That title belongs to the Italian legal theorist Mario Bettati .
Grave human rights abuses , ethnic cleansing , and genocide would no longer be permitted .
The crisis consists in nothing less than an effort by the major drug cartels to tame and suborn the Mexican state , and not just in the strip along the United States border , though the epicenter of the crisis is there .
Journalists with long experience of war zones report being more worried about their safety in Mexico border than when they were in Bosnia , Afghanistan , or Iraq , though much of the violence is internecine .
And , offensive as this has been to Mexican sensibilities -- and harmful to finding long-term solutions to America 's immigration dilemma -- these complacent arrangements have never presented so clear and present danger as they do today .
Likewise , on matters of domestic policy , the interior minister , Michele Alliot-Marie , has nothing close to the agenda-setting power of Claude Guéant , Sarkozy 's longtime aide and director-general of the President 's office .
The longer this is deferred , the more wrenching the ultimate policy adjustment -- and its consequences for growth and employment -- will be .
The Great Recession of 2008-2009 suggests that China can no longer afford to treat the Four Uns as theoretical conjecture .
The post-crisis era is likely to be characterized by lasting aftershocks in the developed world -- undermining the external demand upon which China has long relied .
For migration to continue at this pace , China will have to relax the long-entrenched strictures of its hukou , or household registration system , which limits labor-market flexibility by tethering workers and their benefits to their birthplace .
Boosting employment via services , and lifting wages through enhanced support for rural workers , will go a long way toward raising Chinese personal income , now running at just 42 % of GDP -- half that of the United States .
Foreign direct investment . Modern China has long been a magnet for global multinational corporations seeking both efficiency and a toehold in the world 's most populous market .
Yale historian Jonathan Spence has long cautioned that the West tends to view China through the same lens as it sees itself .
NEW HAVEN -- The Chinese have long admired America 's economic dynamism .
China recognizes that it no longer makes sense to stay with its current growth strategy -- one that relies heavily on a combination of exports and a massive buffer of dollar-denominated foreign-exchange reserves .
That raises the biggest question of all : lacking in Chinese demand for Treasuries , how will a savings-strapped US economy fund itself without suffering a sharp decline in the dollar and\/or a major increase in real long-term interest rates ?
China 's answers to those questions are clear : it is no longer willing to risk financial and economic stability on the basis of Washington 's hollow promises and tarnished economic stewardship .
Some Americans argued that the US no longer needed allies .
We need forces that react more quickly , reach further , and can remain in the field longer .
Nothing on this anniversary is more important than to urge our leaders to recognize the scale of the task and commit to sustained action to build institutional capacities to protect human rights , starting in their own countries . As world leaders race to address the current global economic crisis , it may seem unrealistic to be calling for large and long-term investments of this kind .
What is needed now are leadership , resources , a greater sense of urgency , and commitment to the long-term efforts that must dedicated to ensuring that the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration are not only recognized universally , but respected as well .
Neutrality prevented them from becoming candidates so long as the Soviet Union existed .
In Europe , sovereignty belongs to the people and does not flow from a transcendent power .
In practice , while the official campaign is supposed to last only two months -LRB- long enough in a democracy , in which candidates have to endure an unrelenting media barrage -RRB- , the jockeying of potential candidates , together with the media 's appetite for a horse race , helped kick off the real campaign nearly a year and a half ago .
Sarkozy formed his government in the knowledge that French foreign policy has long been consensual . So he gave the reins of the key foreign policy arms of the French government to left-wing politicians .
All the ingredients seem to be in place for a long and powerful perfect storm of economic decline and social unrest .
But is the system being so delegitimized by the economic and social turmoil that elections will no longer be viable ?
As a result , the political battle to reintroduce a sense of general interest -- of rules and balance -- will be long and hard .
We social democrats can no longer fight such battles , because the problem is not only ideological , but also cultural .
The media are no longer a commentator , but a participant that has hijacked politics with imagery .
But , although the United States and some European countries have gone a long way toward restoring the lending capacity of banks , that may not be enough .
All of these problems are so difficult to resolve because they have been festering for so long .
In real terms , wages no longer rose -LRB- indeed , the average real wage has been stagnant for 25 years in the US -RRB- , and a growing share of manpower -LRB- currently around 15 % -RRB- was without steady employment .
Today 's recession will be a long one , but it will compel everybody to consider its root causes .
The Union has also been a bearer of prosperity , because it is an effective mechanism for lagging members to surmount long-standing barriers to development .
But whether they belong to the extreme right or the communist left , they represent barely 20 % of the electorate .
To make matters worse , national failures can no longer be addressed without aggravating the situation .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
We need to develop a framework for `` growth diagnostics '' capable of pinpointing where even a little reform can go a long way .
Most developing nations have opened themselves significantly to foreign trade and no longer employ the most damaging policies of the past -LRB- such as quantitative restrictions on imports -RRB- .
Managing the exchange rate becomes much more difficult when capital is free to come and go as it pleases . But it is not impossible -- as long as policymakers understand the critical role played by the exchange rate and the need to subordinate capital flows to the requirements of competitiveness .
Indeed , he once chided John Kenneth Galbraith for enunciating a long list of prerequisites for foreign aid to be effective .
If that were the key to Egypt 's success , Sudan , which has no players in Europe , would have done well . Instead , Sudan -LRB- along with Benin -RRB- was the tournament 's least successful team , losing all three games that it played .
The real lesson is that taking full advantage of globalization requires developing domestic capabilities along with international links .
Now they tell them to fix their institutions . Their new reform agenda covers a long list of objectives , including reducing corruption , improving the rule of law , increasing the accountability and effectiveness of public institutions , and enhancing the access and voice of citizens .
As desirable as the rule of law and similar reforms may be in the long run and for development in general , they rarely deserve priority as part of a growth strategy .
But , as Spence puts it with regard to economic reform itself , you need to take small steps in order to make a big difference in the long run .
Today , the question is no longer , `` Are you for or against globalization ? '' The question is , `` What should the rules of globalization be ? ''
True , farm-support policies in rich countries tend to depress world prices , along with the incomes of agricultural producers in developing countries .
The big winners from farm reform in the US , the EU , and other rich countries would be their taxpayers and consumers , who have long paid for the subsidies and protections received by their farming compatriots .
On the other side is the danger that a completed `` development round '' will fail to live up to the high expectations that it has spawned , further eroding the legitimacy of global trade rules over the longer run .
So let 's remind ourselves how compelling the logic of the financial innovation that led us to our current predicament seemed not too long ago .
If our remedies do not target the true underlying sources of the crisis , our newfound regulatory zeal might end up killing useful sorts of financial innovation , along with the toxic kind .
The fear is no longer that they will be unable to insulate themselves . It is that their economies could be dragged into much deeper crises than those that will be experienced at the epicenter of the sub-prime debacle .
In the absence of a backstop for emerging-country finances , the doomsday scenario of a protectionist vicious cycle reminiscent of the 1930 's could no longer be ruled out .
The administrative difficulties in implementing a Tobin tax are not insurmountable , as long as all major advanced countries go along .
This is in their long-term self-interest . Without support from the middle classes of rich nations , it will be difficult to maintain a global trade regime as open as the one we have had in recent years .
But how long and deep will this recession be , and how badly will it affect emerging and developing nations ?
This left them free to build their own versions of national capitalism , as long as they obeyed a few simple international rules .
The IMF has long been a whipping boy for both left and right -- the former because of the Fund 's emphasis on fiscal rectitude and economic orthodoxy , and the latter because of its role in bailing out indebted nations .
The IMF was also designated as one of two lead agencies -- along with an expanded Financial Stability Forum -LRB- now renamed the Financial Stability Board -RRB- -- charged with providing early warning of macroeconomic and financial risks and issuing the requisite policy recommendations .
So it is no surprise that the countries that have produced steady , long-term growth during the last six decades are those that relied on a different strategy : promoting diversification into manufactured and other `` modern '' goods .
This is no longer a feasible strategy for large or middle-income developing countries .
What matters is their output of modern industrial goods -LRB- and services -RRB- , which can expand without limit as long as domestic demand expands simultaneously .
The key point is that developing countries that are concerned about the competitiveness of their modern sectors can afford to allow their currencies to appreciate -LRB- in real terms -RRB- as long as they have access to alternative policies that promote industrial activities more directly .
Their growth potential need not be severely affected as long as the implications of this new world for domestic and international policies are understood .
Another is that external policy actors -LRB- for example , the World Trade Organization -RRB- will have to be more tolerant of these policies as long as the effects on trade balances are neutralized through appropriate adjustments in the real exchange rate .
The financial crisis has not helped improve the image of globalization , which has long been deeply unpopular among ordinary voters in most of the world 's advanced countries .
It is also the dominant perspective of governance in the United States , Britain , and other societies organized along Anglo-American lines -- even though actual practice often deviates from idealized principles .
As a member of the Fed 's Board of Governors under Greenspan during 2002-2005 , Bernanke can also be faulted for having played along .
We would have heard about a long-list of mortgage-related instruments , which supposedly made financing available to home buyers who would not have been able to purchase homes otherwise .
The world economy has been run for too long by finance enthusiasts .
The beauty of a Tobin tax is that it would discourage short-term speculation without having much adverse effect on long-term international investment decisions .
What the Tobin tax does not do is help with longer-term misalignments in financial markets .
For an institution that seemed on the verge of irrelevance not too long ago , this is quite a transformation .
It acts as a subsidy on the production of tradable goods -LRB- which is desirable -RRB- , along with a tax on their domestic consumption -LRB- which is incidental and undesirable -RRB- .
Beijing will overshadow New York , the renminbi will replace the dollar , Mandarin will take over from English , and schoolchildren around the world will learn about Zheng He 's voyages of discovery along the Eastern coast of Africa rather than about Vasco de Gama or Christopher Columbus .
Throughout its long history , centrifugal forces have often pushed the country into disarray and disintegration .
The internal battle within the Obama administration seemed to have been won by Paul Volcker , the impressive and outspoken former Federal Reserve chairman who has long been a critic of financial innovation .
So , too , are the Republicans in Congress , along with some Democrats who feel that the scheme has come too late and may interfere with other reform efforts under way , as watered-down as those initiatives may be .
Continental European countries like big banks , and therefore will never go along with the Volcker rules , he wrote .
Regulation that is not globally coordinated , they warned , would create unnecessary uncertainty , prolong financial distress , and threaten economic recovery .
On that day , the International Monetary Fund published a policy note that reversed its long-held position on capital controls .
And if we want democracy along with globalization , we must shove the nation-state aside and strive for greater international governance .
The first era of globalization , which lasted until 1914 , was a success as long as economic and monetary policies remained insulated from domestic political pressures .
So they contemplated only a `` thin '' globalization , with capital flows restricted largely to long-term lending and borrowing .
John Maynard Keynes , who wrote the rules along with Harry Dexter White , viewed capital controls not as a temporary expedient but as a permanent feature of the global economy .
Even though some , such as the British , wished to give the Union as little power as possible , the force of the argument was with those who pressed for political integration alongside economic integration .
And Greek banks and firms lose their creditworthiness alongside their government if markets perceive the latter to be insolvent .
They could not stop the Greek government from borrowing -LRB- indirectly -RRB- from the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- as long as credit rating agencies deemed Greek debt creditworthy .
The best that can be said is that Europe will no longer be able to delay making the choice that the Greek affair has laid bare . If you are an optimist , you might even conclude that Europe will therefore ultimately emerge stronger .
Whatever long-term benefits such reforms might bring , it is difficult to see how they would provide immediate benefits .
So Germany 's refusal to boost domestic demand and reduce its external surplus , along with its insistence on conservative inflation targets for the ECB , severely undercuts prospects for European prosperity and unity .
As long as they make money they do not care if they have to eat their words . They simply want whatever `` works '' -- whatever will produce a stable , healthy economic environment conducive to debt repayment .
This is where European governments -LRB- along with their economist advisors -RRB- have kept missing the boat .
Democracies not only out-perform dictatorships when it comes to long-term economic growth , but also outdo them in several other important respects .
The prosecutions entail indictments that are thousands of pages long and include annexes that take up several bookshelves .
This , along with media disinformation , has made it difficult for outsiders to penetrate the cases and separate fact from fiction .
The Gulen movement is independent from Erdo?an 's Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , but the two have long been closely allied , and now it has become a state within a state , employing extra-legal means , including illegal wiretaps and fabricated evidence , to go after perceived opponents .
So he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies . This , along with his inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch , give his revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked .
Otaviano Canuto , a World Bank vice president , and his collaborators have just produced a long report that makes the case for this optimistic prognosis .
Governance is generally improving along with the quality of policymaking .
Lest we be too harsh on developing countries , however , let us also remember that political scientists have long worried that greater diffusion of economic power would produce a less stable world economy .
But as their experience reveals -- along with the experiences of many others , such as South Korea , Taiwan , and Vietnam -- deep trade liberalization is hardly ever a factor in fostering higher growth and expanded trade early on .
Now it is no longer so sure .
Unlike others , such as my Harvard colleague Martin Feldstein , who argue that Europe is not a natural monetary area , I believed that monetary union made perfect sense in the context of a broader European project that emphasized -- as it still does -- political institution-building alongside economic integration .
Almost all of this happens automatically , without long , contentious negotiations among state governors and federal officials , assistance from the IMF , or calling into question the existence of the United States as a unified political-economic entity .
As the long American struggle for `` states ' rights '' -- and indeed the Civil War -- shows , creating a political union out of a collection of self-governing entities is hardly a smooth or speedy process .
The HDI is a measure of development that captures achievements in health and education alongside economic growth .
But the only kind of political system that has proved itself over the long haul is that associated with Western democracies .
Indeed , for Lewis , the coexistence of the traditional alongside the modern is what makes development possible .
CAMBRIDGE -- Not long ago , a Harvard colleague wrote to me that Saif al-Islam el-Qaddafi , a son of Libya 's dictator , would be in town and wanted to meet me .
The conundrum that advisers to authoritarian regimes face is akin to a long-standing problem in moral philosophy known as the dilemma of `` dirty hands . '' A terrorist is holding several people hostage , and he asks you to deliver water and food to them .
The consulting firm McKinsey has christened Africa , long synonymous with economic failure , the land of `` lions on the move . ''
Moreover , many African countries hit bottom and rebounded from long periods of civil war and economic decline .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an promotes the trials as evidence of Turkey 's new turn towards democracy and the rule of law . They are also actively supported by news media belonging to the so-called Gülen group -- a powerful ally of Erdo?an 's government made up of followers of the Muslim cleric Fethullah Gülen .
South Korea and Taiwan retained high levels of protection for a long time , and made active use of industrial policies .
Everyone agrees that the country 's public debt is too high and needs to be reduced over the longer term .
The US economy needs a second round of fiscal stimulus in the short term to make up for low private demand , together with a credible long-term fiscal-consolidation program .
So an independent fiscal authority modeled along the lines of an independent central bank is neither feasible nor desirable .
Undoubtedly , most of the credit belongs to the initiative and hard work Chinese entrepreneurs and laborers .
But similar tensions between economic integration and local politics have long been simmering .
They have stuck for far too long to an intermediate path that is unstable and beset by tensions .
Today , the question is no longer whether politics will become more populist and less internationalist ; it is whether the consequences of that shift can be managed without turning ugly .
The sector went into long decline thereafter , as a combination of adverse policies and civil war from 1982-1992 brought new tree plantings to a halt .
The World Bank , the IMF , and dozens of academics have studied long and hard what makes financial markets grow and what holds them back .
By contrast , democratic regimes with widespread property ownership typically best protect property rights over the long term , because enough people in the polity want to protect property .
Someone naïve in the ways of US corporations might say that these rules are paper-thin , because shareholders can just elect new directors if the incumbents are recalcitrant . As long as they can elect the directors , one might think , shareholders rule the firm .
American corporate-law reformers have long had their eyes on corporate elections .
Managers of established firms continue money-losing ventures for too long , pay themselves too much relative to their and the company 's performance , and too often fail to act aggressively enough to enter new but risky markets .
CAMBRIDGE -- To reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur , regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run -- at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of Greece 's debt , America 's ceiling on governmental borrowing , and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt .
Hal had to work longer hours than ever before , and he still had to sharply cut back on household expenditures across the board .
Those true believers argue that America 's consumers can long pursue their spendthrift ways because their country 's economy is better than everyone else 's .
Nor are the non-poor faring particularly well , as wage growth has remained virtually flat for a very long time , even as corporate profits are booming .
Economic gurus at places like the World Bank have developed a ridiculously long list of steps that countries should take to raise their growth rates -LRB- the so-called `` extended Washington Consensus '' -RRB- .
On the one hand , his new star Treasury Secretary , Hank Paulson , the former chairman of Goldman Sachs , has long been deeply committed to environmental causes .
These traders confidently figure that as long as markets gyrate , no matter what the direction , they can always make money .
During the 1990 's , private investors looked at big , lumbering central banks as cash cows , long on money and short on financial acumen .
Venezuela is merely being pulled along in China 's tailwind thanks to high oil prices .
Over the long run , commodity exporters need to innovate just as much as manufacturers do in order to maintain profitability .
That may sound extreme , but some scholars , such as the 2004 Nobel Prize winner Ed Prescott , have shown that , historically , holding a large diversified portfolio of stocks long enough is generally a far better investment than ultra-safe US Treasury bonds .
If prices rise simply because investors decide that there is no longer any risk , then prices will collapse all the more precipitously if investors collectively change their minds .
Most sober analysts have long been projecting a steady trend decline in the dollar against the currencies of America 's trading partners , especially in Asia and emerging markets .
People have enjoyed such huge capital gains over the past decade that most feel like gamblers on a long winning streak .
This investment shortfall is due to many factors , but perhaps the main one is that there are substantial medium-term institutional roadblocks to investment in many developing countries , where long-term returns now seem to be by far the highest .
The net result is that money is being parked temporarily in low-yield investments in the US , although this can not be the long-run trend .
As long as the status quo persists , with strong global growth and stunning macroeconomic stability , the US can continue to borrow and run trade deficits without immediate consequence .
Never mind that this logic is now in danger of unraveling along with the US housing market ; Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson will stick to it .
First , there is the long-standing litany of policy responses needed to deal with the global trade imbalances . These include greater fiscal discipline in the US , greater reliance on domestic demand in both Europe and Asia , and more flexible exchange rates in Asia .
Ironically , bad memories of the IMF 's first , premature attempt to promote long-term capital market liberalization remain an obstacle today .
A lot of technical advice falls on deaf ears , with countries listening only long enough to get their hands on Bank money .
Spending pressures , in turn , lead to acceleration of innovation . This raises long-term well being all around , but exacerbates short-term inequalities and frictions .
Though exchange rates are notoriously unpredictable , the best guess is that a slow unwinding of the massive US trade deficit will keep the dollar on a path of gradual long-term decline .
It would be even worse if European ministers , frustrated with gridlock over exchange rates , started sharing ideas for creatively managing their budgets to stimulate short-term demand , rather than long-term growth .
If there is a global downturn , any region that is long stocks and short bonds is going to get burned .
These include epic crises in the Scandinavian countries , Spain , and Japan , along with lesser events such as the US savings and loan crises of the 1980 's .
For years , I , along with many others , have complained that emerging markets need greater representation in global financial governance .
Given today 's exceptionally low long-term interest rates , the annual cost would be , well , peanuts .
With a soft economy , a badly compromised financial system , and serious concerns about rising inflation , the long-term dollar trend is downward , however the current crisis ends .
But the process takes time , and , because of the rising weight of relatively inflexible emerging market economies in global consumption , adjustment will probably take longer than it did a few decades ago .
That is why commodity prices will just keep soaring until world growth slows down long enough for new supply and new conservation options to catch up with demand .
If this is the right diagnosis of the `` financial crisis , '' then efforts to block a healthy and normal dynamic will ultimately only prolong and exacerbate the problem .
It is time to take stock of the crisis and recognize that the financial industry is undergoing fundamental shifts , and is not simply the victim of speculative panic against housing loans . Certainly better regulation is part of the answer over the longer run , but it is no panacea .
As tempting as it may be to ramp up IMF lending on a long-term basis , this would be a strategic mistake for both the world and the Fund .
While the only safe bet is continuing high volatility , we are at an unusual juncture where the short - and long-term trends appear to be very different .
Normally , short-run and long-run exchange-rate trends point in the same direction .
Neither will end soon , mind you , perhaps not for another seven or eight months , if not longer .
Over the long run , globalization and economic convergence will resume , and emerging market and commodity currencies will have to strengthen .
Huge risks will remain as long as the financial system remains on government respirators , as is effectively the case in the US , UK , the euro zone , and many other countries today .
A number of leaders , most prominently German Chancellor Angela Merkel , are understandably worried about the longer-term consequences of aggressive macroeconomic stimulus .
Within a couple years , interest rates on long-term US Treasury notes could easily rise 3-4 % , with interest rates on other governments ' paper rising as much , or more .
Worse yet , unless financial systems spring back , growth could disappoint for years to come , especially in `` ground zero '' countries such as the United States , Britain , Ireland and Spain . US long-term growth could be particularly dismal , as the Obama administration steers the country toward more European levels of welfare assistance and income redistribution ,
Chinese growth is set to slow over the longer run , as well .
Europe 's more tempered approach , while magnifying short-term risks , could pay off in the long run , especially if global interest rates rise , making it far more painful to carry oversized debt loads .
Yet Europe 's many strengths , including strong democratic governments and sound legal institutions , are often under-rated as long-term competitive strengths in today 's globalized economy .
The recent recession has presented challenges , but European leaders were right to avoid becoming intoxicated with short-term Keynesian policies , especially where these are inimical to addressing Europe 's long-term challenges .
Europeans may not mind this right now -LRB- one sees more Obama t-shirts in Europe than in the US -RRB- , but they might not be so happy if a George Bush III comes along .
Fortunately , Europeans will probably not wait so long to start moving ahead again .
The fact is global imbalances in debt and asset prices had been building up to a crescendo for years , and had reached the point where there was no easy way out . The United States was showing all the warning signs of a deep financial crisis long in advance of Lehman , as Carmen Reinhart and I document in our forthcoming book This Time is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly .
There is acknowledgement that the US China trade relationship needs to be rebalanced , but little imagination on how to proceed . Deep down , our leaders and policymakers have convinced themselves that for all its flaws , the old system was better than anything we are going to think of , and that simply restoring confidence will fix everything , at least for as long as they remain in office .
With the United States government staring at the long-term costs of the financial bailout , as well as inexorably rising entitlement costs , should n't the Chinese worry about a repeat of Europe 's experience from the 1970 's ?
But how long will US private sector thrift last ?
In our new book This Time is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly , Carmen Reinhart and I find that if financial crises hold one lesson , it is that their aftereffects have a very long tail .
The Great Recession was turbo-charged by a financial crisis , making it a far more insidious affair that typically has far more long-lasting effects .
But Kasparov quickly adjusted to exploit the computer 's weakness in long-term strategic planning , where his judgment and intuition seemed to trump the computer 's mechanical counting .
With ever more powerful processors , silicon chess players developed the ability to calculate so far ahead that the distinction between short-term tactical calculations and long-term strategic planning became blurred .
In short , I do not share the view of many that , after the Internet and the personal computer , it will be a long wait until the next paradigm-shifting innovation .
Barring another round of deep financial crises , it wo n't be -- as long as politicians do not stand in the way of the new paradigm of trade , technology , and artificial intelligence .
Like Argentina , Greece has a fixed exchange rate , a long history of fiscal deficits , and an even longer history of sovereign defaults .
Old people have retreated to villages , many growing their own food , their children having long abandoned them for the cities .
Until now , the government has been able to finance its vast debts locally , despite paying paltry interest rates even on longer-term borrowings .
Why should a country choose to default as long as there are rich benefactors willing to lend money to preserve an illusion of normalcy ? Bond markets are easily lulled .
The problem with being `` Mr. Nice Guy '' for too long is that , even with its vast new resources , the IMF can not let clients hang on forever .
The advanced countries , which can best afford to restrain long-term growth , must lead by example .
Clothing makers in Italy have long been the envy of the world .
With a long history of cataclysmic , often violent change , Chinese society is perhaps more adaptable than most .
A carbon tax , long advocated by a broad spectrum of economists , is a generalized version of a gas tax that hits all forms of carbon emissions , including from coal and natural gas .
A prolonged moratorium on offshore and other out-of-bounds energy exploration makes sense , but the real tragedy of the BP oil spill will be if the changes stop there .
These are key issues in the short term , but , as every economist knows , long-run economic growth is determined mainly by improving productivity .
Both seem set for a long period of slow credit growth , owing both to necessary stricter financial regulation and to the fact that their economies remain significantly over-leveraged .
Japan also suffered a number of severe productivity shocks , which had much to do with its longer-term problems .
But China presents an entirely different challenge , one for which adjustment will take much longer .
Supporters of the US administration might fairly argue that it is undertaking long-deferred maintenance on issues such as income inequality .
Cutting taxes is certainly not bad in principle , especially for supporting long-term investment and growth . But there are several problems with the gospel of lower taxes .
While tax cuts enhance long-term productivity , expanding the government sector is hardly a recipe for economic vitality .
All in all , the G-20 's policy of aiming for gradual stabilization of growth in government debt , bringing it into line with national-income growth by 2016 , seems a reasonable approach to balancing short-term stimulus against longer-term financial risks , even at the cost of lingering unemployment .
While the Fed is still reluctant to compromise its long-term independence , I suspect that before this is over it will use most , if not all , of the tools outlined by Bernanke .
At $ 1,300 , today 's price is probably more than double very long-term , inflation-adjusted , average gold prices .
Some have argued instead that gold 's long upward march has been partly driven by the development of new financial instruments that make it easier to trade and speculate in gold .
If this situation persists , as I have long warned it might , it will lay the foundations for huge global trade frictions .
True , today 's trade imbalances are partly a manifestation of broader long-term economic trends , such as Germany 's aging population , China 's weak social safety net , and legitimate concerns in the Middle East over eventual loss of oil revenues .
India , Brazil , and China , for example , continue to exploit World Trade Organization rules that allow long phase-in periods for fully opening up their domestic markets to developed-country imports , even as their own exporters enjoy full access to rich-country markets .
A determined effort by emerging-market countries that have external surpluses to expand imports from the US -LRB- and Europe -RRB- would do far more to address the global trade imbalances over the long run than changes to their exchange rates or fiscal policies .
For one thing , its purchasing power is already scraping along at a fairly low level globally -- indeed , near an all-time low , according to the Fed 's broad dollar exchange-rate index .
Yet it would be very wrong to suppose that gaping inequality is stable as long as it arises through innovation and growth .
What is clear is that inequality is not just a long-term issue .
For now , low world interest rates are restraining debt-service costs , but debt levels can be reduced only very gradually over long periods , whereas real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rates can rise far more quickly , even for rich countries .
A number of countries , including Denmark , the Netherlands , the US , and Belgium , have long-standing fiscal watchdog agencies , such as the US Congressional Budget Office -LRB- CBO -RRB- .
The CBO , for example , is free to issue long-term fiscal projections based on its own best estimates of growth , but is largely forced to accept politically implausible future `` fixes '' at face value , somewhat neutralizing the potential effectiveness of any critique of deficit policies .
It will remain very tempting for each generation to say , `` My grandchildren will be two or three times richer than I , so who cares if they have to pay some debt ? '' Moreover , the political cycle creates a very strong deficit bias , as leaders seek to embellish feelings of economic health and prosperity by raising visible expenditures at the cost of hidden debts and lower long-term investment .
Unfortunately , the long-term trend towards ever-lower income shares for unskilled workers is likely to continue over the coming decades , as modern technology permeates the globe , and as emerging markets like China , India , Brazil , and Eastern Europe continue to integrate into global production .
If one looks at how it has affected financial conditions , including long-term interest rates , volatility , and stock prices , QE looks an awful lot like conventional interest-rate policy , which we think we understand .
But it can not wait too long , lest inflation expectations drift to a dangerously high level , forcing the Fed to move aggressively -- and at the cost of considerable economic pain -- to wring inflation out of the system .
The cult of the `` Greenspan put '' stemmed from the previous Fed chairman 's avowed belief that the Fed should not try to resist a sharply rising stock market , except to the extent that such a market undermines the long-term stability of prices for ordinary goods .
The economy not only regains its lost ground , but , within a year , it typically catches up to its rising long-run trend .
Even outside Europe , the IMF has long given too much credence to sitting governments , rather than focusing on the long-term interests of the country and its people .
Worse still , over the long run , the tax burden would shift .
In the long run , wages would fall , and ordinary workers would end up bearing a significant share of the cost .
On the other hand , Latin America 's long-term growth record is hardly an advertisement for the approach , and accounting for lost tax revenues due to lower GDP would surely yield a less impressive fiscal outcome .
One can almost buy this idea , except that the tax is so counterproductive in the long run that it is hardly obvious that it would be better than nothing .
Indeed , the elections demonstrated that Chávez 's control of the country is no longer total .
This does not mean that Chávez 's revolutionary and anti-imperialist rhetoric has lost all its appeal . But it is no longer enough to guarantee his unchecked power .
It would indicate that there can be no true peace in Guatemala as long as the powerful are accommodated with grants of amnesty and forgetting is prized over truth and justice .
Brazil 's current criticisms of Iran , along with a request for dialogue with the opposition , weak as they may be , represent a change of position , which reflects the absolute priority of Brazilian diplomacy : permanent membership of the Security Council .
The result might be a longer stay within the new ERM , but without the crises that the original eurozone members suffered .
Security assurances should also comprise confidence-building measures , along with conventional and nuclear arms control and disarmament .
First , as the Helsinki Final Act put it , every sovereign nation has an inherent right `` to belong or not to belong to international organizations , to be or not to be a party to bilateral or multilateral treaties , including the right to be or not to be a party to treaties of alliance ; they also have the right to neutrality . ''
And the common security agenda of confidence-building and transparency must be based on the indivisibility of security in Europe and the transatlantic area as a whole , including respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity -- not just for alliance members , but for all countries that belong to the broader transatlantic security community .
In the US , recession started in December 2007 , and will last at least until December 2009 -- the longest and deepest US recession since World War II , with the cumulative fall in GDP possibly exceeding 5 % .
The long-term consequences of the resulting surge in fiscal deficits are serious .
If the deficits are monetized by central banks , inflation will follow the short-term deflationary pressures ; if they are financed by debt , the long-term solvency of some governments may be at stake unless medium-term fiscal discipline is restored .
Japan suffered a decade-long near-depression because of its failure to clean up the banks .
The credit crunch will last much longer if we keep zombie banks alive despite their massive and continuing losses .
So , while this latest bear-market rally may continue for a bit longer , renewed downward pressure on stocks and other risky assets is inevitable .
Still , this global recession will continue for a longer period than the consensus suggest .
There may be light at the end of the tunnel -- no depression and financial meltdown . But economic recovery everywhere will be weaker and will take longer than expected .
Even so , the optimists who spoke last year of a soft landing or a mild `` V-shaped '' eight-month recession were proven wrong , while those who argued that this would be a longer and more severe `` U-shaped '' 24-month recession -- the US downturn is already in its 18th month -- were correct .
Worse , the recovery is likely to be anemic and sub-par -- well below potential for a couple of years , if not longer -- as the burden of debts and leverage of the private sector combine with rising public sector debts to limit the ability of households , financial firms , and corporations to lend , borrow , spend , consume , and invest .
Meanwhile , rising fiscal deficits in most economies are now pushing up the yields of long-term government bonds .
Some of the rise in long rates is a necessary correction , as investors are now pricing a global recovery .
Thus , a growing proportion of the workforce -- often below the radar screen of official statistics -- is losing hope of finding gainful employment , while the unemployment rate -LRB- especially for poor , unskilled workers -RRB- will remain high for a much longer period of time than in previous recessions .
More ominously , monetization of these fiscal deficits is becoming a pattern in many advanced economies , as central banks have started to swell the monetary base via massive purchases of short - and long-term government paper .
Eventually , large monetized fiscal deficits will lead to a fiscal train wreck and\/or a rise in inflation expectations that could sharply increase long-term government bond yields and crowd out a tentative and so far fragile economic recovery .
But if monetized fiscal deficits are allowed to run , the increase in long-term yields will put a chokehold on growth .
While that could be contractionary , the gain in fiscal-policy credibility might prevent a damaging spike in long-term government-bond yields .
A disorderly rush to the exit could lead to a dollar collapse , a spike in long-term interest rates , and a severe double dip recession .
In countries like the euro-zone members , a loss of external competitiveness , caused by tight monetary policy and a strong currency , erosion of long-term comparative advantage relative to emerging markets , and wage growth in excess of productivity growth , impose further constraints on the resumption of growth .
Indeed , a practical definition of a financial crisis is an event that forces policy officials to spend a long weekend trying desperately to announce a new bailout package in order to avoid national and global panic before the markets open on Monday .
On the other hand , if policymakers maintain the stimulus for too long , runaway fiscal deficits may lead to a sovereign debt crisis -LRB- markets are already punishing fiscally undisciplined countries with larger sovereign spreads -RRB- .
Or , if these deficits are monetized , high inflation may force up long-term interest rates and again choke off economic recovery .
Fifth , in countries where private-sector deleveraging is very rapid via a fall in private consumption and private investment , the fiscal stimulus should be maintained and extended , as long as financial markets do not perceive those deficits as unsustainable .
So , as the optimists ' delusional hopes for a rapid V-shaped recovery evaporate , the advanced world will be at best in a long U-shaped recovery , which in some cases -- the eurozone and Japan -- may be long enough to stretch into an L-shaped near-depression .
The issue is not just illiquidity -- financial institutions with short-term liabilities and longer-term illiquid assets .
So the risk of something equivalent to a bank run for non-bank financial institutions , owing to their short-term liabilities and longer-term and illiquid assets , is rising -- as recent runs on some banks -LRB- Northern Rock -RRB- , money market funds , state investment funds , distressed hedge funds suggests .
Much greater and more rapid reduction of official interest rates may at best affect how long and protracted the downturn will be .
Such inflows are driven in part by short-term cyclical factors -LRB- interest-rate differentials and a wall of liquidity chasing higher-yielding assets as zero policy rates and more quantitative easing reduce opportunities in the sluggish advanced economies -RRB- . But longer-term secular factors also play a role .
These include emerging markets ' long-term growth differentials relative to advanced economies ; investors ' greater willingness to diversify beyond their home markets ; and the expectation of long-term nominal and real appreciation of emerging-market currencies .
The final option is massive , large-scale , and permanent sterilized intervention -- or , equivalently , the use of sovereign wealth funds or other fiscal-stabilization mechanisms -- to accumulate the foreign assets needed to compensate for the effects on the currency 's value brought about by long-term inflows .
The argument for this option is that long-term secular factors are important drivers of capital inflows , as advanced-economy investors discover that they are underweight in emerging-market assets and reduce their portfolios ' `` home bias . ''
Sterilized intervention usually does n't work : if assets in advanced economies and emerging markets remain perfectly substitutable , inflows will continue as long as interest-rate differentials persist .
Aging populations in most advanced economies imply additional public debt in the long term , owing to non-fully-funded pension schemes and rising health-care costs .
In an ideal world , where policymakers could credibly commit to medium - to long-term fiscal adjustment , the optimal and desirable path would be to commit today to a schedule of spending reductions and tax increases , phased in gradually over the next decade as the economy recovers .
Short of full fiscal unification -- or a variant of it in the form of eurozone bonds -- this increase in official resources would occur through a much-enlarged European Financial Stability Facility and a much greater commitment by the European Central Bank to long-term bond purchases and liquidity operations to support banks .
Since quasi-fiscal union implies that the eurozone 's core economies could end up systematically bailing out those on the periphery , only a formal loss of fiscal sovereignty -- a credible commitment by the peripheral countries to medium - and long-term fiscal discipline -- could overcome the current political resistance of Germany and others .
LONDON -- I recently took two trips to China just as the government launched its 12th Five-Year Plan to rebalance the country 's long-term growth model .
All historical episodes of excessive investment -- including East Asia in the 1990 's -- have ended with a financial crisis and\/or a long period of slow growth .
Moreover , whatever economic growth some of these countries might eventually register is contingent on enacting politically unpopular reforms that will work only in the long run -- and at the cost of even more short-term pain .
Reducing the face value of mortgages and providing the upside -- in case home prices were to rise in the long run -- to the creditor banks is another way to convert mortgage debt partly into shareholder equity .
As long as the shocks do n't worsen -LRB- and as some become less acute -RRB- , confidence and growth will recover in the second half of the year , and stock markets will rally again .
It is no longer possible to deny that public and\/or private debts in Greece , Ireland , and Portugal will need to be restructured .
The problem is no longer merely sub-prime mortgages , but rather a `` sub-prime '' financial system .
On top of all this , there is a shadow financial system of non-bank financial institutions that , like banks , borrow short and liquid and lend to or invest in longer-term and illiquid assets .
The answer is to emulate the response to sovereign-debt crises in Uruguay , Pakistan , Ukraine , and many other emerging-market economies , where orderly exchange of old debt for new debt had three features : an identical face value -LRB- so-called `` par '' bonds -RRB- ; a long maturity -LRB- 20-30 years -RRB- ; and interest set well below the currently unsustainable market rates -- and close to or below the original coupon .
The status quo is no longer sustainable .
Unless the relative economic roles of the market and the state are rebalanced , the protests of 2011 will become more severe , with social and political instability eventually harming long-term economic growth and welfare .
Clearly , the eurozone 's muddle-through approach no longer works .
But if the US recession is long and severe , the result could be outright recession in some countries -LRB- the United Kingdom , Spain , Ireland , Italy , and Japan -RRB- , and even financial crises in vulnerable emerging-market economies .
I expect a longer and deeper U-shaped recession , lasting at least 12 months and possibly as long as 18 months -- one of the most severe US recessions in decades -- because today 's macroeconomic and financial conditions are far worse .
Still , given a severe financial crisis , declining home prices , and a credit crunch , the US is facing its longest and deepest recession in decades , dashing any hope of a soft landing for the rest of the world .
The delusion that economic contraction in the US and other advanced economies would be short and shallow -- a V-shaped six-month recession -- has been replaced by certainty that this will be a long and protracted U-shaped recession , possibly lasting at least two years in the US and close to two years in most of the rest of the world .
And , given the rising risk of a global systemic financial meltdown , the prospect of a decade-long L-shaped recession -- like the one experienced by Japan after the collapse of its real estate and equity bubble -- can not be ruled out .
As traditional monetary policy becomes ineffective , other unorthodox policies will continue to be used : policies to bail out investors , financial institutions , and borrowers ; massive provision of liquidity to banks in order to ease the credit crunch ; and even more radical actions to reduce long-term interest rates on government bonds and narrow the spread between market rates and government bonds .
Indeed , we now see the demise of the shadow banking system , the complex of non-bank financial institutions that looked like banks as they borrowed short term and in liquid ways , leveraged a lot , and invested in longer term and illiquid ways .
Indeed , inaction in Iraq will not only postpone the inevitable reckoning with the past ; it may prolong the past , as unfulfilled demands for justice fuel frustration , resentment , and support for extremist leaders and authoritarian solutions .
But comparisons to the post-WWII Nuremberg tribunal have worn thin : as the proceedings drag on , observers wonder why it has taken so long to establish criminal liability .
That lesson , handed down along with the judgment against Videla , vindicates efforts to establish a global rule of law .
Citing a long-standing doctrine in international law , advocates of a write-off claimed that Iraq 's debt was `` odious . '' As a result , the creditors were no longer protected under global legal rules .
After all , lending and aid to Egypt by the US and other Western powers have long been entangled with geopolitics , and using the tools of finance to back a loyal ally in an unstable region is not odious or illegitimate per se .
It is no longer possible to sustain the current world order , which , based as it is on a skewed notion of center-periphery relations , merely produces injustice and inequality .
Combined with the long-completed security fence around the Gaza Strip and one being built near Israel 's border with the West Bank , pulling out of the most exposed positions is intended to reduce casualties and the number of clashes with the Palestinians .
The Hamas Moment Hamas 's capture of the Gaza Strip has created , along with Iran , a second radical Islamist state in the Middle East .
For Israel , of course , developments in Gaza pose a great challenge . Israel has long since decided that it has no interest in renewing its control over the Gaza Strip .
The election 's other success story was the MHP , which has often been seen as a neo-fascist party since its creation immediately after World War II , but which has been reinventing itself along conservative nationalist lines .
The fact that two-thirds of the voters supported parties that were long considered extremist and whose allegiance to democracy is questionable has shocked many Turks , including those who comprised most of the ruling elite in modern times .
If Arafat had taken this road - accepting Israel 's existence , ending terrorism , and confronting Palestinian extremists - the conflict would have ended long ago .
First , long-term continuation of violence will force Israel to withdraw from the occupied territories .
Already , the reform movement has changed the debate in the Arab world , but it still faces a long road ahead .
The battle will be long and difficult , and victory is not assured .
In the longer term , Netanyahu may again rise to the top in a post-Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
With the Cold War over , the USSR gone , and the Arab world weakened , a conventional war with the armies of Arab states is no longer likely , rendering obsolete the strategic considerations underlying Israel 's occupation of this territory .
Kadima 's victory in Israel 's elections is the country 's most important political turning point in 30 years , if not longer .
But the importance of the distribution of seats pales in comparison to that of the longer-term changes in Israeli politics implied by Kadima 's victory .
Nothing in Egypt 's long history has ever equaled this airing of the country 's dirtiest laundry .
As long as the system is corrupted from above , and as long as the only way common people can deal with the government is through bribery , says the report , inefficiency will reign and people will cheat each other . The only way to break this vicious circle is to replace the regime .
Only a regional and global agreement to place Afghanistan 's stability above other objectives can make long-term stability possible by enabling Afghanistan to survive with security forces that it can afford . Such agreement , however , will require political and diplomatic initiatives both inside and outside of the country .
Today , however , Afghanistan is the scene not only of the War on Terror , but also of longstanding Afghan-Pakistani disputes , the India-Pakistan conflict , domestic struggles in Pakistan , US-Iranian antagonism , Russian concerns about NATO , Sunni-Shia rivalry , and struggles over regional energy infrastructure .
These conflicts will continue as long as the US treats stabilizing Afghanistan as subordinate to other goals , accompanied by all the risks entailed by terrorist resurgence and a regional security crisis .
This is why Obama must adopt a bold diplomatic initiative that encompasses the entire region and help resolve longstanding disputes between Afghanistan 's neighbors . Such an initiative must include a comprehensive regional aid and development package .
This contact group could promote dialogue between India and Pakistan about their respective interests in Afghanistan and about finding a solution to the Kashmir dispute ; seek a long-term political strategy from the Pakistani government for the future of the tribal agencies ; move Afghanistan and Pakistan toward discussions on frontier issues , and promote a regional plan for economic development and integration .
The `` Dornbusch result '' is that , in this process , the exchange rate typically overshoots its long run value .
He would talk as long as necessary , and his advice was always thoughtful and nuanced , providing insights no one else had seen .
Fortunately he did not , because he had little patience for bureaucracy , long meetings , and the need to toe an official line .
Of course , a good hedge lasts only as long as such correlations persist .
While there have been differences over Iraq , such issues among longtime friends are not new .
As the Iraqi people take more steps along the challenging road to democracy , more NATO countries have agreed to help train Iraqi security personnel by providing funds or equipment and by establishing a war college and military academies .
Indeed , the longer it takes to put a strategic communications framework into place , the more the vacuum will be filled by the enemy .
Looking forward , I am convinced that if we have the wisdom , courage , and strength to adjust long-standing strategic arrangements , embrace new partners , and , above all , persevere in the face of adversity and difficulty , we will see a similar victory in this `` long war '' against violence extremism and the other threats that may emerge in an uncertain new century .
With zero growth and 10 % unemployment , Western Europe 's `` Rhineland model '' is no longer what countries seeking to undertake root-and-branch social and economic reform want to emulate .
Every schoolchild learns how Galileo was forced to his knees to recant his belief that the earth revolves around the sun , or how the Church was up in arms again in 1859 , when Charles Darwin published On the Origin of Species , arguing that all living organisms , including humans , result from a long , slow process of evolution .
Call this capital - `` c '' Conservatism -- a philosophy long understood to imply nationalism and vigorous defense of the established and entrenched legal and social order .
As free trade and capital movements open up markets around the world , business interests have abandoned nationalism in favor of neo-liberalism . What was once needed to support the national state -- ethnic limitations , traditional culture , and religious taboos -- is no longer needed by business .
All but the most courageous remain silent ; with the threat of ruin for their paper or station , the risks that reporters run are no longer primarily their own .
Steps like fair , competitive , and transparent public-sector contracting procedures , and civil service , rather than political control over allocation of government advertising funds would go a long way , especially combined with good reporting , to protect the media against officials ' persistent temptation to control what the public may know .
The first goal should be to distribute long-lasting insecticide-treated bed nets to all of Africa 's rural poor within four years .
They failed to comprehend that Iraq has long been an occupied and externally manipulated country .
For that , Americans need to be smarter , investing in peaceful development rather than military bases in long-abused lands .
They respond to hunger emergencies such as Niger 's with food relief , but fail to help with long-lasting solutions .
Yields , on average , barely support survival , and crop failures are common and deadly , while long-term global climate change , caused mainly by high energy consumption in the rich countries , may be exacerbating the frequency and severity of droughts .
Over the longer term , increased food yields could be turned into sustained economic growth .
Second , and simultaneously , donors should help impoverished countries to invest in roads , ports , rural electricity , and diversified production -LRB- both agricultural and non-agricultural -RRB- , in order to promote higher productivity and alternative livelihoods in the longer term .
Donors should lend their support by backing long-term solutions aimed at increasing food production , slowing population growth , and mitigating long-term global climate change .
While there is no scientific way to link a particular hurricane such as Katrina to the long-term trend -- in the sense that Katrina might have been bad luck rather than a sign of manmade climate change -- the energy of hurricanes throughout the world has been rising markedly .
By strengthening civil society -- through legal rights and long-term economic development -- and instituting clear rules to ensure accountability , political despotism and corruption will be brought under control .
Other recent examples include threats vis-à-vis Chad , Ethiopia , Haiti , Kenya , Bolivia , Uganda , and long-standing sanctions against Myanmar .
To understand why requires taking a long-term view of geopolitics , particularly the gradual decline of US and European global domination .
Hamas 's doctrines are indeed unacceptable for long-term peace , as even some Arab states , such as Egypt , have made clear .
But cutting aid is likely to increase turmoil rather than leading to an acceptable long-term compromise between Israel and Palestine .
Rich countries have long meddled , often with their own corruption and incompetence , in the internal affairs of the countries that they now lecture .
The decade-long sanctions against Myanmar have not restored Aung San Suu Kyi to power , but have deepened the disease burden and extreme poverty in that country .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
His victory marks a step forward in Latin America 's overall democratization , with positive long-term significance for economic and social development in the region .
Moreover , given the vast inequalities of power and wealth in Latin America , and with a large part of the population bereft of land and education , the region has long been vulnerable to populist politics and rebellions , with leaders promising quick gains for the dispossessed by seizing property from the elites .
In the longer term , the spread of democracy in Latin America promises not only fairer societies , but also economically more dynamic societies , through increased public investments in health , education , and job skills .
Bolivia has entered a new era of mass mobilization of its long-suffering but now victorious indigenous communities .
In the longer run , however , it 's right to bet on the economic benefits of democratization .
A large majority of Israelis and Palestinians favor a two-state solution essentially along the pre-1967 boundaries .
The overthrow of Saddam was the longstanding pet idea of the neoconservative Project for a New American Century , which was already arguing in the 1990 's that Saddam was likely to achieve a stranglehold over `` a significant proportion of the world 's oil supplies . ''
Annan inspired the world with his diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights , but the war in Iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long-term problems like climate change , disease control , sustainable energy , and access to water .
In addition to the long-term challenges of poverty , the environment , nuclear proliferation , and UN reform , the new Secretary-General will inherit a long list of hotspots : Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan , Palestine , Lebanon , Somalia , Myanmar , Sudan , North Korea , and others .
The leading Asian countries , including Ban 's South Korea , have long favored a balance of diplomatic approaches and economic incentives as the way to solve complex challenges .
Rather than relying on sanctions and threats of force , the idea is to underpin long-term prosperity in today 's unstable regions .
Rather than focusing on sanctions , the major powers would do much better to work with Sudan 's government to propose and help to finance long-term development strategies .
The UN also has the unique role and opportunity to offer leadership in building a global consensus around vital long-term environmental and economic challenges facing the planet .
UN leadership will be instrumental to proposing and forging solutions to such daunting long-term global challenges .
In fact , from 1992 to 2002 , the UN 's member governments signed a number of treaties and agreements that can and should provide the foundation for long-term global solutions .
If the United States works more closely within the UN framework , it will find willing partners in the rising Asian powers , which are intent on using their influence and resources to solve today 's challenges . After all , Asian countries are interested in global stability to underpin their own long-term development .
In the fourth phase , which can last a generation or more , assistance is directed to long-term investments and the strengthening of institutions such as courts .
This type of aid does not require long studies , but quick action .
Only by taking quick , meaningful action to fight hunger , poverty , and disease can there be a chance of creating conditions for long-term peace .
For politicians in persistent denial about the need act , including US President George W. Bush , Australian Prime Minister John Howard , and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , there is no longer any place to hide .
The Roundtable produced an important Statement of Principles and a longer overall statement that has been signed by many of the world 's largest businesses , including those based in the US , Europe , Canada , China , and India .
As the planet warms , and rain and storm patterns change dramatically , many species will find themselves in climate zones that no longer support their survival .
The Wolfowitz debacle should be a wake-up call to the World Bank : it must no longer be controlled by ideology .
The roots of failure lie in the US and Israeli governments ' belief that military force and financial repression can lead to peace on their terms , rather than accepting a compromise on terms that the Middle East , the rest of the world , and , crucially , most Israelis and Palestinians , accepted long ago .
My view is that a two-state solution of peace and mutual respect remains possible , but perhaps for not much longer .
In still other areas , longer-distance water pipelines might be needed .
They could not , in the long-term , beat the science without gravely damaging their reputations .
All of these problems can be solved only through long-term sustainable economic development .
According to the best economic and engineering estimates , if each key economic sector develops and adopts environmentally sound technologies in the coming decades , the world will be able to reduce carbon emissions dramatically for less than 1 % of annual global income , thereby avoiding long-term damage that would cost far more .
In fact , most observers on the scene believed that there was a long paper trail , from the polling sites all the way to Nairobi , which could be re-assessed in detail .
The Fed held this rate too low for too long .
Of course , it works only as long as housing prices rise .
For example , food prices are increasing alongside soaring oil prices , partly because of increased production costs , but also because farmland in the United States and elsewhere is being converted from food production to bio-fuel production .
The most promising technology in the long term is solar power .
Of course , there were abuses , such as the allocation of public credits to richer farmers rather than to needy ones , or the prolonged subsidization of inputs even after farmers became creditworthy .
To its credit , the World Bank recognized this mistake in a scathing internal evaluation of its long-standing agricultural policies last year .
Such a commitment would also give crucial confidence to poor countries that climate-change control will not become a barrier to long-term economic development .
The next challenge will be to push for a restoration of bank capital , so that commercial banks can once again lend for longer-term investments .
They have enough foreign-exchange reserves to avoid the risk of financial instability from increasing their domestic spending , as long as they do it prudently .
Can the United States still afford a suburban lifestyle , with sprawling homes in far-flung communities that require long-distance automobile commutes ?
We need a global vision of sustainable recovery that includes leadership from China , India , Europe , Latin America , and , yes , even Africa , long marginalized from the world economy , but very much part of it now .
All of these technologies will require public funding alongside private investment .
So long as the credits are long term and carry a modest interest rate -LRB- say , 25-year dollar loans at 5 % per annum -RRB- , the recipient countries could repay the loans out of the significant boost in incomes that would result over the course of a generation .
Australia put real money on the table for increased food production , along the lines that Spain is proposing .
One powerful way to boost the world economy and to help meet future needs is to increase spending on key infrastructure projects , mainly directed at transportation -LRB- roads , ports , rail , and mass transit -RRB- , sustainable energy -LRB- wind , solar , geothermal , carbon-capture and sequestration , and long-distance power transmission grids -RRB- , pollution control , and water and sanitation .
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries ' export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term -LRB- for example , 40 years -RRB- to build roads , power grids , renewable energy generation , ports , fiber optic networks , and water and sanitation systems .
More importantly , they are needed in the long term , because a world crowded with 6.8 billion people -LRB- and rising -RRB- simply can not sustain economic growth unless it adopts sustainable technologies that economize on scarce natural resources .
Governments should thus strengthen their ministries of infrastructure -LRB- including power , roads , water and sanitation , and information and communication technologies -RRB- , as well as their national development banks , so that they can properly design long-term infrastructure projects and programs .
This can be done directly on a bilateral basis , for example , through long-term loans from developed countries ' export-credit agencies .
Solutions will have to be found at all `` scales , '' meaning that we will need water solutions within individual communities -LRB- as in the piped-water project in Senegal -RRB- , along the length of a river -LRB- even as it crosses national boundaries -RRB- , and globally , for example , to head off the worst effects of global climate change .
Some opponents of the Iraq War , including me , believe that a fundamental -- and deeply misguided -- objective of the war from the outset has been to create a long-term military base -LRB- or bases -RRB- in Iraq , ostensibly to protect oil routes and oil concessions .
As the examples of Iran and Saudi Arabia show , however , such a long-term presence sooner or later creates an explosive backlash .
Both Afghanistan and the neighboring provinces of Pakistan are impoverished regions , with vast unemployment , bulging youth populations , prolonged droughts , widespread hunger , and pervasive economic deprivation .
My plea to discuss plans and strategies alongside specific emissions targets might seem to risk impeding the negotiations .
Non-financial companies could not get working capital , much less funding for long-term investments .
The infrastructure component has not yet been spent because of long lags in turning the US stimulus package into real construction projects .
Doing so would add to the global recovery , improve long-term environmental sustainability , and accelerate economic development .
India , long feared to be a spoiler , has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy .
Political divisions have widened between the rich and poor , among ethnic groups -LRB- non-Hispanic whites versus African Americans and Hispanics -RRB- , across religious affiliations , between native-born and immigrants , and along other social fault lines .
After just a month or so , the emergency phase will give way to a decades-long struggle for recovery and long-term development .
Haiti must avoid a prolonged period of tent cities in which people are mere refugees .
The key challenge is to support these five sectors in order to combine short-term relief with long-term reconstruction and development .
The IDB 's deep , long-term commitments in Haiti and professional expertise in agriculture , health , education , and infrastructure qualify it to coordinate the multitude of agencies that will be involved .
During their long campaign , they have greatly exaggerated scientific disagreements in order to stop action on climate change , with special interests like Exxon Mobil footing the bill .
Mothers can spend more time in the job market , breaking long-standing barriers of gender inequality .
Since the G-8 was off track in its aid commitments for many years , I long wondered what the G-8 would say in 2010 , when the commitments actually fell due .
NEW YORK -- All signs suggest that the planet is still hurtling headlong toward climatic disaster .
The US bears disproportionate responsibility for inaction on climate change , because it was long the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases , until last year , when China overtook it .
There was a time , not long ago , when Americans talked of ending poverty at home and abroad .
The result of all of this is likely to be a long-term decline of US power and prosperity , because Americans no longer invest collectively in their common future .
America will remain a rich society for a long time to come , but one that is increasingly divided and unstable .
Once again , the clear message to the US was to stop using gimmicks like fiscal stimulus or printing money and instead undertake a serious longer-term economic restructuring to boost saving , investment , and net exports .
For their part , emerging economies wanted to change the subject from short-term macroeconomic stimulus and imbalances to longer-term development issues .
This was the first time that long-term development issues had been put so clearly on the G-20 agenda , and it is a sign of the growing geopolitical weight of the group 's emerging-market members .
Yet , despite these circumstances , one political party wants to gut tax revenues altogether , and the other is easily dragged along , against its better instincts , out of concern for keeping its rich contributors happy .
But they want to follow up their tactical victory -- which postpones the restoration of pre-Bush tax rates for a couple of years -- with a longer-term victory next spring .
For the moment , most Americans seem to be going along with Republican arguments that it is better to close the budget deficit through spending cuts rather than tax increases .
Africa , long the world 's slowest-growing region , is now averaging roughly 5 % annual GDP growth . Overall , the developing countries are growing at around 7 % per year , and the developed economies at around 2 % , yielding a global average of around 4.5 % .
This surge is all the more remarkable given that Egypt is a desert country , its inhabitants packed along the Nile .
NEW YORK -- In almost every part of the world , long-festering problems can be solved through closer cooperation among neighboring countries .
The European Union provides the best model for how neighbors that have long fought each other can come together for mutual benefit .
Countries had little incentive to make peace with their neighbors as long as they enjoyed the financial support of the US or the USSR .
Today 's reality , however , is that great powers can no longer divide and conquer other regions , even if they try .
The long-delayed vision of Arab economic unity should be returned to the table .
Israel , too , should recognize that its long-term security and prosperity will be enhanced as part of an economically stronger region .
As the EU shows , ancient enmities and battle lines can be turned into mutually beneficial cooperation if a region looks forward , to resolving its long-term needs , rather than backward , to its long-standing rivalries and conflicts .
Pastoralism has long been a harrowing existence in the Horn of Africa .
The US is far too focused on expensive and failed military approaches in the drylands -- whether in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , or Somalia -- to pay heed to long-term economic development strategies aimed at addressing the root causes of these countries ' ongoing crises .
First , long-term human-induced climate change seems to be bringing more droughts and climate instability .
Cutting-edge technologies , together with strong community leadership , can unlock long-term sustainable development .
Several countries in the Arabian Peninsula , just across the Red Sea from the Horn , are also showing an encouraging readiness to deploy their oil earnings for emergency relief and long-term development .
The United States led the world into the television age , and the implications can be seen most directly in America 's long love affair with what Harlan Ellison memorably called `` the glass teat . '' In 1950 , fewer than 8 % of American households owned a TV ; by 1960 , 90 % had one .
That level of penetration took decades longer to achieve elsewhere , and the poorest countries are still not there .
Many surveys show that it is almost like an addiction , with a short-term benefit leading to long-term unhappiness and remorse .
Since then , the economy has confronted prolonged recession , and the government is having trouble refinancing the public debt .
Legendary financier Warren Buffett carefully examined the long-term prospects of companies and chose right a high proportion of the time .
Many other investors , however , target the short-term investments that they believe other investors will find promising instead of the best long-term prospects .
The fourth kind of mishap occurs when investors lack a framework for evaluating the long-term value of an asset , such as a currency .
Exchange rates can thus assume unrealistic values for long periods or change course overnight even if underlying conditions change little .
Experience and economic theory tell us much about the long-term value of exchange rates .
We know , say , that currency values tend to adjust in the long run to re-establish relative prices across major markets .
They would sell dollar assets and buy Euro assets whenever the dollar rose too far from its long-term value .
The recent weakening of the dollar has been predictable and long overdue .
Most importantly , policymakers should stop catering to the whims of short-term investors and should impose regulations that favor long-term investor relationships rather than volatile short-term capital flows .
The US intelligence community has long understood that disease and impoverishment contribute to `` state failure , '' the technical term for political collapse , revolutions , civil wars , state-sponsored terrorism , and military coups .
Our rankings can not be used to assess short run cyclical conditions in an economy , but do provide insights into the longer-term prospects of major economies .
In Western Europe and the US , for example , the cultural acceptance of social and economic equality between men and women has involved a long process of political struggle and evolving social norms .
Foreign investors will be able to invest in an African labor force no longer shattered by disease .
The Commission calls on each potential recipient country to establish national-level commissions to set long-term health priorities and strategies worthy of donor backing .
Hunger afflicts hundreds of millions , as world weather patterns seem to become more erratic , with more dangerous droughts and floods associated perhaps with long-term changes in the climate .
Some long-time leaders have been coaxed from office through blandishments , high-profile international positions , or even amnesties and comfortable exiles in safe locations .
China routinely rotates the highest executive positions , as it realizes that a change of power prevents tyrants from gaining excessive power , a lesson learned painfully during Mao 's long and often disastrous reign .
But even in strong democracies , the final years of a long rule are typically the worst .
In looking at the roster of long-serving heads of government in the second half of the twentieth century - such as Stalin , Mao , Franco , Kim Il Sung , and Ceausescu - it is clear that an enforced international term limit would have spared the world considerable grief and turmoil .
Instead , the government closed down the banking system , so that depositors could no longer convert their pesos into dollars !
Exchange rates and stock market prices deviate enormously from long-run fundamental values , which can cause major dislocations in the real economy of jobs , production , and investment .
Currency exchange rates have a tendency to return to long-run average values following large deviations .
It is also possible that the exchange rate will not return to the long-run average if one economy is hit by a huge structural change . But such changes occur less frequently than is often supposed or alleged .
Listening to the financial pundits , however , it often seems that history no longer matters .
In short , they over-interpreted short-term market movements , simplistically portraying them as long-term trends .
As the great British economist John Maynard Keynes warned seventy-five years ago , `` markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent . ''
Alas , Keynes stressed these same deficiencies long ago , so we should not expect any miraculous changes in behavior now .
On the economic front , the move towards membership would force Turkey to continue to upgrade its institutions and to enhance the rule of law , thus adding long-term institutional stability to Turkey 's political institutions , which will in turn help stabilize North Africa and the Middle East .
Communications and mass media have long enabled `` copycat '' effects -- protests in one place ignite similar actions elsewhere .
Indeed , it 's no longer possible in an age of mass communication to `` play to the home audience '' without the world also listening .
Another goal also loomed large : control over 11 % -LRB- or more -RRB- of the world 's oil reserves and , in the longer term , control over pipeline routes between the Mediterranean , the Caspian Sea , and the Indian Ocean .
A longstanding sidekick of Cheney , Rumsfeld traveled to Baghdad in 1983 and 1984 at the behest of former Bechtel Corporation President George Shultz , then passing a bit of non-corporate time as US Secretary of State .
More telling , and significant in the long term , is the remarkable anti-US and anti-UK sentiment now sweeping Iraq .
Palestinian Prime Minister Abu Mazen has called on Palestinian extremists to disarm , or at least to accept a prolonged cease-fire , but they have responded with more terrorist attacks .
Would it stick to its long-term mission in the face of inevitable attacks ?
That regime , in turn , is supposed to invite a longer stay by US troops , and to grant concessions to the US oil industry .
The US is not in a position to pacify Baghdad or to protect the UN or others that work alongside an occupying army , even those working in humanitarian activities .
Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar wisely noted that `` -LRB- t -RRB- he security threat in Iraq will remain as long as the deep-rooted resentment of the people against the occupation is not dealt with in a fair and just manner .
As long as US occupying forces remain , Iraq 's politics are likely to remain unstable .
Iraq 's long-term reconstruction does not need foreign financial assistance .
The Bush Administration probably launched its war against Iraq because it intended to make the country a new base for long-term military operations in the Gulf region .
After the terrorist attacks on the US of September 2001 , it wanted to withdraw troops from Saudi Arabia , and it presumably chose Iraq as its new long-term base of operation .
As long as America remains an occupying force in Iraq , political stability there is unlikely . Without political stability , Iraq 's economic recovery is unlikely , too .
The main surprise is that Sánchez de Lozada lasted as long as he did .
Much of the credit for Brazil 's turnaround belongs not to Lula but to his predecessor , Fernando Henrique Cardoso , who was Brazil 's President from 1992 to 2000 .
Population growth pressures are falling , providing a powerful long-term boost to Brazil 's economic development .
Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management , especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region , if it wants long-term , sustainable economic development .
Petroleum and other fossil fuels -LRB- coal and natural gas -RRB- are causing long-term changes in the global climate , but few people appreciate the risks .
The long history of climate change shows the risks of dramatic and abrupt changes over the course of but a few decades ;
Efficiencies in energy use are possible , but they can not solve either the problem of long-run oil supplies or climate change .
Fortunately , if we plan for the long term on a global scale , we can find our way through these challenges .
Our energy future will depend not on one solution , but on a variety of steps : exploration and development of new petroleum sources , especially outside the Middle East ; increased energy efficiency ; long-term development and adoption of affordable renewable sources ; and the environmentally safe use of alternative fossil fuels such as coal .
The causes of World War I have long baffled the public and historians .
We know from a long trail of documents , memoirs , and interviews that the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 were a pretext .
Another New York Times story -LRB- November 12 -RRB- , citing `` military officials , '' dutifully reported that , `` Since the assault began on Monday , about 600 rebels have been killed , along with 18 American and 5 Iraqi soldiers . ''
Blair has promised that he will make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities of the summit .
Rich countries have long promised to increase their aid levels to 0.7 % of national income -LRB- from around only 0.25 % today -RRB- .
Moreover , with the `` democratization '' of aid now underway , we can look forward to increased private efforts alongside official development assistance .
Ethiopian village life has long depended on two crops , one during a short rain in March and April , and the main crop during the long rain in the summer months .
In recent years , the short rains have failed entirely , and long rains have been erratic .
This decline coincided with a rise in the surface temperature of the neighboring Indian Ocean , a hint that the decline in rainfall is in fact part of the longer-term process of man-made global warming .
The best way to reduce long-term climate change is to reduce carbon emissions .
The effort to reduce greenhouse gases will require decades of action , but , given the long lead times in overhauling the world 's energy systems , we must start now .
Moreover , countries like Ethiopia are making valiant , indeed remarkable , efforts to overcome their problems , despite the lack of adequate , and long-promised , help from the world 's richest countries .
In order to thrive , and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth , an economy requires functioning health and education systems , investments in soil nutrients and water management , and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport .
But the long-term decline in the ratio of aid to GNP did not stop the rich world from promising time and again to reach 0.7 % of GNP , including at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 and the Copenhagen Summit on Social Development in 1995 .
As those policies fail , global financial markets are reacting negatively , adding uncertainty to the world economy , and there is little relief in sight , because America is entering a period of prolonged political infighting and stalemate .
They know that investing today in clean technologies can give them a long-term competitive advantage .
Iran 's election fiasco seemingly confirmed for Iranian reformists a conclusion that tens of millions of Iranian citizens reached long ago - the country 's Islamic government , as it exists today , is beyond rehabilitation .
But reasons to be hopeful about the long-term political future do exist .
So the long term could be long in coming . Courageous Iranians who have labored to reform their country may continue to feel as though they are plowing the seas .
Iran 's long-standing opposition to relations with the US is a bit more complex .
On the contrary , we long for interaction with the West .
When it does , there is good reason to believe that Iranians will greet their long lost friends with the same friendliness and exuberance that they did sixty years ago in Arak .
Few Iranians had ever heard of Ayatollah Khomeini until 1978 , but it did n't take long for his message to electrify millions .
Based on evidence from a cross-section of countries , natural resources such as oil and minerals do seem to be a `` curse '' rather than a blessing , as they impose a heavy drag on long-run economic growth .
This solution is rendered more urgent in Nigeria by the prospect of exploiting the country 's vast reserves of natural gas , which may aggravate and prolong the resource `` curse . ''
But the challenge has been met before , in Lebanon after its nightmarishly long civil war -LRB- 1975-1990 -RRB- .
Both countries also possess a fairly educated middle class and intelligentsia alongside more traditional elites .
Iran is also reaping the returns of long-term investments .
It has supported Iraqi Shiite groups since the early 1980 's and has an equally long-standing alliance with Syria .
To be sure , Iran 's longstanding support for regional Shiite groups is paying off .
If Iran and the Arab countries -- and alongside them the US and the international community -- do not manage today 's tensions wisely , the region could enter a period of protracted warfare .
By reasserting its access to the airport and seaports , and by consolidating the political situation in the country , Hezbollah can better survive a shift in Syrian policy : the United States and Israel can no longer ask Syria to `` deliver '' Hezbollah as part of any peace deal over the Golan .
Qatar 's role in bringing about a resolution , alongside that of Turkey in mediating Syrian-Israeli talks , signals a return to pragmatism in Middle East relations .
Radical Islamists recognized this long ago and plowed their resources into schools .
Given today 's trends , a loose East Asian trade bloc revolving around China -LRB- more likely than Japan -RRB- could emerge alongside US-led and EU-led blocs , all interlinked by a cross-regional patchwork of bilateral and `` plurilateral '' FTAs .
The region will continue to have a long-term stake in a WTO that delivers freer trade worldwide , that is , multilaterally rather than bilaterally or regionally .
A written agreement to demobilize more than ten thousand paramilitaries by 2006 has been agreed , and plans are being laid -- including a transitional period of limited immunity from arrest so long as the cease-fire holds and the time spent under this agreement will be counted against any eventual prison sentences imposed -- to reintegrate them into civilian life .
This new middle class is no longer constrained by the patronage systems of the village , but it also does not enjoy the cozy relationship that links the old middle class with the elite .
`` Over the rivers and down the highways and along countless jungle paths , the population of East Pakistan continues to hemorrhage into India : an endless unorganized flow of refugees with a few tin kettles , cardboard boxes , and ragged clothes piled on their heads , carrying their sick children and their old .
Chinese , Russians , and Brazilians are no longer replacing themselves , while Indians are having far fewer children .
Population may keep growing until mid-century , owing to rising longevity , but , reproductively speaking , our species should no longer be expanding .
In the long run , a population is said to be stable if the TFR is at the replacement rate , which is a little above 2.3 for the world as a whole , and somewhat lower , at 2.1 , for developed countries , reflecting their lower infant-mortality rates .
Current trends suggest that the human race will no longer be replacing itself by the early 2020 's .
Population growth after this will be mostly caused by people living longer , a factor that will diminish in significance from mid-century .
Relaxing the one-child policy might have some positive impact in the very long run , but China is already past the tipping point , pushed there by the combined effect of gender imbalance and a very skewed age structure .
Human rights groups have long urged the necessity of extending the writ of Pakistan 's Constitution to the tribal belt , where religion-based parties have wide support .
Today , many former officials associated with those policies , such as Mushahid Hussain , a former information minister , concede that Pakistan should have contained militancy long ago .
For human rights activists , it is ironic that an elected -LRB- but basically military-led -RRB- government that they oppose in principle should be undertaking reforms they have long advocated , but that elected civilian governments ignored .
With China seeking to secure exclusive access to energy resources in Africa and the Russian energy giant Gazprom seeking de facto control of Western companies by investing billions of euros in them , Europe can no longer afford to take a wait-and-see approach .
I also propose that a precise `` road map '' toward a common foreign policy on energy be created , which would indicate short - , medium - , and long-term objectives , together with a specific timeframe for their implementation .
As a long-term strategy , energy embargoes have always proven to be futile .
As the World Health Organization 's Goodwill Ambassador for Leprosy Elimination , I have long campaigned for this outcome .
For much of its long history , there was no known cure .
In virtually every country in the world , leprosy is no longer regarded as a public-health problem .
The first dose of MDT kills 99.9 % of the bacteria that cause leprosy , rendering the person no longer infectious .
I hope that they will take them to heart and address once and for all the long-standing injustices that for too long have pushed too many people with leprosy to the margins of society .
Furthermore , Putin himself is interested in preserving uncertainty with regard to his successor for as long as possible .
Finally , different clans around the president have long been trying to promote their own candidates for succession .
There are 1.8 million new cases of the most serious form of kidney disease -- renal failure -- each year . Unless patients with renal failure receive a kidney transplant or undergo dialysis -- an expensive life-long procedure that cleanses the blood of toxins -- death is guaranteed within a few weeks .
Within the last year , the Israeli , Saudi , and Indian governments have decided to offer incentives ranging from lifelong health insurance for the donor to a cash benefit .
The resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the host country 's few important resources , which can generate more predictable -LRB- and probably higher -RRB- revenues than official development assistance -- and over a long period of time .
Furthermore , due to improved access to quality health care and better living conditions , life spans in rich countries are now much longer than in the developing world .
It is also one of a handful of countries that have achieved significant results in recovering from the deep damage of prolonged conflict by rebuilding government and establishing the rule of law .
As Director of the International Monetary Fund 's African Department , I witnessed the historic `` completion point '' of the process in Washington , DC , alongside my colleagues from the World Bank .
Furthermore , the Sunni-based , anti-Syrian Future Movement to which Siniora belongs effectively extended this inequity into the present parliament when it overrode the opposition and insisted on conducting the 2005 general elections on the basis of the Electoral Law gerrymandered by Syria in 2000 .
While China no longer promises the North military support -LRB- except in the event of external attack -RRB- , `` consultations '' are pledged .
They think that economic reform is long overdue , and , like others , consider Kim Jong-il 's political system bizarre .
We will also provide enhanced support for the forthcoming elections , which are crucial to ensuring long-term peace and stability and making sure that the country will never again become a safe haven for terrorists .
Today , NATO leaders will reaffirm their commitment to the courageous people of this country : we will help them for as long as it takes .
In Europe , many national defense budgets can no longer sustain both fully-fledged national forces and a national defense industry .
That bitter memory of oppression and exploitation lingers in the minds of too many Chinese like the afterimage of a bright light long after it has been turned off .
This mindset suggests that , despite the panoramic city skylines , the billboards , and the flashy five-star hotels say otherwise , China has a long way to go before it truly comes to understand and appreciate its actual accomplishments and status .
The era of Japanese militaristic and imperialist power has long gone , and the world is beating a path to China 's door .
That is a pity , because as British Prime Minister Tony Blair recently observed , over the long term , `` there is no issue more important than climate change , '' and there can be no agreement to reduce it `` that does n't involve China , America and India . ''
Moreover , climate change is no longer such a long-term problem , and only the lunatic fringe remains in doubt about whether the escalating use of carbon-based fuels is responsible for global warming .
A 12 % tax increase has been imposed on gas-guzzling cars , along with reductions for cars with small-engines , and a new 5 % tax is being levied on wooden flooring and even chopsticks , which are estimated to use two million cubic meters of timber each year .
Its style is almost scientific -- factual , staccato-like , and unemotional -- and it goes a long way toward meeting China 's demand for a convincing investigation and act of contrition that might allow the bitter and still poisonous past to be overcome .
At the same time , it has left Japan 's long sought transcendence of its war guilt and quasi-pariah status incomplete .
Hu and Wen have canceled national agricultural taxes , made rural schooling free , launched a new rural medical insurance plan , and guaranteed that , since there is still no title for holding private agricultural land , peasants are entitled to renew their long-term leases .
So China may be edging towards a whole new way of interacting with the world and dealing with its people ; its curious authoritarian capitalism may be inching towards some new , and possibly viable , model for long-term development .
Of course , by hosting the talks , China 's leaders also tacitly recognize that absolute sovereignty is no longer a viable position , or one that benefits China .
But China 's performance could become symbolic of a more significant long-term breakthrough -- the moment when the country put its fear of the outside world aside and began to emerge as a more pro-active agent of multilateral cooperation .
Few other areas in the world have been deemed an `` economic miracle '' for so long .
These migrants exist with no job security , no long-term housing , and no health care ;
But , having been used to keep state-owned enterprises afloat for too long , the banks are essentially insolvent .
China 's leaders ought to reflect on the fact that their country is no longer the `` sick man of Asia . ''
In short , it is time for China 's leaders to change the chemistry of their long feud with Taiwan .
He is someone who had long since reached the point in life when he felt compelled by duty and patriotism to step beyond the role of a surgeon and become a public citizen .
As the National People 's Congress was meeting , Dr. Jiang broke his silence by writing a long , heartfelt appeal to the leaders of China .
That depends on whether one believes that Leninist capitalism is a viable and stable form of government for China over the long term .
FRANKFURT -- At the height of the financial crisis in 2008-2009 , it seemed as if Western banks would pull up their foreign stakes and go home , leaving financial markets much more fragmented along national lines .
Ban Ki-moon 's Hushed Power NEW YORK -- Days after Sri Lanka 's government defeated its long-time foe , the Tamil Tigers , in May , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon flew into the country 's capital , Colombo , for a 24-hour visit to urge its president to open up its refugee camps to international aid groups .
State-funded cultural programs strengthen `` welfare democracy '' even more , while the economic and symbolic importance of sporting events has led to state intervention that increasingly organizes athletic training along the lines of the public school system .
Unfortunately , under the far-too-long leadership of Guido Westerwelle , the FDP has degenerated into a party notable for defending the freedom only of a few privileged individuals : bankers and businessmen .
The attacks therefore are directed in equal measure against people from the Asian former Soviet republics , Africa , and the Far East , as well as Russian citizens from the Caucasus or who belong to one of Russia 's more than 90 national minorities .
So the authorities ' aim seems clear : put Khodorkovsky and Lebedev away for a much longer time -- more than 20 years if they are convicted . Few doubt that they will be .
The collapse of world oil and gas prices has wounded Russia 's budget , and lack of investment in the country 's energy sector over the years is now causing the declining production that economists have long predicted .
During the 1990 's , the US and Europe erred in treating Russia with benign neglect . It would be a mistake for Russia to respond in kind today by seeking to prolong the PCA negotiations in the hope that a possibly more amenable EU president may one day offer softer terms .
Because the brain of a person trying to tickle herself anticipates the sensations that will be caused by her fingers -- a process performed within the cerebellum -- the sensation no longer tickles .
Making the IMF and World Bank Work for the Poor The World Bank has long proclaimed its dream of `` a world free from poverty . ''
Some critics argue that lending public money to middle-income countries is no longer necessary , due to their access to financial markets .
Detractors ultimately fall back on the argument that multilateral lending to middle-income countries is waning along with demand .
But in the developing world , immediate economic needs often override long-term imperatives , and protecting a fragile environment is rarely a priority at the national level .
By aiming for targets that are far out of reach of the poorest countries ' public finances , the international community has agreed to substitute itself for those states in providing essential social services through long-term financial transfers .
We also need instruments that are better suited to delivery of long-term international transfers .
It must accept the idea of a long-term international redistribution policy to assist those who are excluded from the benefits of globalization , and give itself the means to implement this ambitious policy .
The difference between what the French call laicité and secularism is more than a linguistic nuance for Turkey , which adopted its Kemalist system not long after France entrenched its secular republic .
Any stroll along a crowded Istanbul street will show covered and uncovered women effortlessly &#45; &#45; almost naturally &#45; &#45; mixing .
They could just as easily take the high road : much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run .
The objections of industry rest on the narrow issue of added financial cost . The objections coming from universities are more puzzling , as it is in their long-term interest to conduct research ethically .
So long as the USSR did not stage a military attack , containment 's reliance on economic sticks and carrots , competition within the world communist movement , intelligence and diplomacy , and promoting the vitality of the capitalist democracies would guarantee security .
As Kennan explained , when America goes to war over something less than a vital interest , the adversary -- for whom vital interests are at stake -- will fight long after the war has become too unpopular at home to sustain .
My understanding is drawn from a principle contained by the basic Islamic theory of legal reasoning , which asserts that when strong religious interests can be realized only through a particular path of action , that path itself is no longer a matter of choice .
Now China 's communist rulers find themselves trapped in a bind . If they back Tung unconditionally for the rest of his term , they can look forward to the collapse of their long-term strategy to re-absorb Taiwan , for the alternative to peaceful reunification with Taiwan is coercion .
China 's people have long been ready for this .
Indeed , he even angered the United States , Taiwan 's only military protector , by his frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to America 's longstanding `` One-China '' policy .
But , just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance -- Hong Kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the son of the province 's richest and most powerful man -- crony capitalism is taking root in the United States , a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business .
Beyond that , we need a long-term plan .
But if China wants to raise the military budget to improve the quality of its army , the conflict with the demands of fiscal stability could make military transparency important for domestic reasons , and China might no longer view it as being off limits in its relations with the US .
The Maoists ' willingness and ability to display a degree of sympathy and respect for their opponents will go a long way toward determining their success in office .
Nepal 's earlier experiments with democratic governance were not very successful ; democratically elected governments -LRB- in the late 1950 's and the 1990 's -RRB- were unceremoniously replaced by prolonged autocratic rule .
The current generation of big business in Russia will be considered illegitimate for a long time .
Initially aimed at creating a security fence along the green line , the 1967 borders of Israel , it has gradually stretched across that would-be boundary , confiscating Palestinian land and amounting to a de facto annexation of a large part of the West Bank .
Aided by advanced information technology , financial institutions will be democratized and made available to everyone , which will go a long way toward solving today 's problems of increasing inequality and declining economic vitality .
Further advances along these lines will follow .
In response , politicians propose various job retraining or education programs , but rarely confront the real long-term issues .
As long as people remain under a relative `` veil of ignorance , '' in the sense that they do not yet know how they will personally be affected , they may find it easier to agree that progressive taxes should be used to subsidize low-wage earners .
They fear for their own jobs and for their children 's future in a world where they must compete alongside the world 's poorest .
The emerging countries are doing nothing more blameworthy than working towards their place as equals alongside advanced countries .
Even a temporary spike in oil prices can have long-term effects because of the social reactions they provoke .
Experts may say that short-run supply factors caused the recent price increases , but the price increases will nonetheless lend credibility to scarier long-term stories .
But experts find it difficult to specify the long-run implications of this for the energy market .
But if owners of oil reserves think that prices will fall in the long run , they gain an incentive to explore for oil and expand production now in order to sell as much oil as possible before the fall .
Oil prices gradually fell , and the stock market began its long climb towards its peak in 2000 .
Labor unions have long pointed with satisfaction at hard-won contracts that specified a defined-benefit pension for their members .
Unless inflation drops much more , now is an ideal time to be a borrower and a bad time to be a lender or investor in long-term bonds .
If low long-term rates do not hold , long-term bond prices will drop sharply , leaving investors with a loss .
Nor did the investing public fully comprehend the downtrend in inflation after 1980 , so long-term bond yields , lagging behind falling inflation , were too high .
The public 's failure to recognize inflation trends meant that long-term bonds were a terrible investment until 1980 , when inflation was only a little lower than yields , and a lucrative investment thereafter , when declining inflation and high yields guaranteed large real gains .
Indeed , today 's low long-term rates suggest that investors are projecting the downward trend to continue over the next ten years at the same pace that it has done since 1980 , implying that the current US inflation rate of 2.1 % would fall to zero or below by 2013 .
No central bank would permit deflation for long , and the current level of inflation probably represents the lower boundary that most monetary authorities consider acceptable .
So with inflation rates near their long-term lower bound , the expectation should be for higher , not lower , inflation rates over the longer term .
Then any inflationary monetary policy errors driven by exaggerated fears of deflation will be allowed to stand , and the cumulative inflation will offset any returns on investments in long-term bonds .
The current combination of exceptionally low yields and high prices suggests that much of the world is in a bond-market bubble , and when it bursts in coming years , a period of higher long-term interest rates and lower long-term bond prices will follow .
These will be long-term securities that pay regular dividends , like stocks , whose value is tied -- either positively or negatively - -- to a real estate price index .
Living a long time is one of our deepest wishes , and medical and economic progress offers the hope that it will be fulfilled .
What good is a longer life if we can not maintain our standard of living ?
The fundamental difficulty in planning for enhanced longevity is that we do not know whether it will really happen .
If we make provisions for long lives that are cut short , we will have wasted huge amounts of precious economic resources .
But if we fail to make provisions for lives that are longer , many elderly people will be condemned to poverty .
The whole direction of any country 's economy depends on longevity .
In his 2005 book The Future for Investors , Jeremy Siegel argues that differences across countries in longevity will interact with differences in wealth levels to form a fundamental determinant of economic relations among countries .
Trade flows may be driven substantially by longevity : countries expecting a relatively large number of elderly in the future should be running trade surpluses now and deficits later .
Retired people need life annuities -- contracts that offer a stable income stream for as long as they live -- to insure against the risk of outliving their wealth .
If there were no longevity risk -- that is , if the probability of dying at each age in the future were reliably known -- then pension funds could easily offer life annuities to large numbers of people by investing their assets in bonds of various maturities in order to pay out just the right amount each year .
But pension funds can not do this , because they risk running out of money if , on average , people turn out to live longer than expected .
For people retiring at age 60 , the difference between living to 80 and living to 90 is enormous : in the latter case , their pensions would have to pay benefits for 50 % longer .
Fortunately , financial markets are beginning to address longevity risk .
In November 2004 , the European Investment Bank -LRB- EIB -RRB- , working with the private bank BNP Paribas , announced that it would issue the world 's first long-term longevity bond .
The slow launch of longevity bonds ultimately reflects a fundamental question : can we genuinely reduce the impact of longevity risk ?
If everyone is affected by longevity risk in the same way , then no matter what the price of a longevity bond , everyone should logically want to be on the same side of the contracts -- all buyers at one price , all issuers at another .
But , in fact , we are not all affected by longevity risk in the same way .
Life insurance companies , drug firms , businesses providing services for the elderly , and investors in retirement real estate would all benefit from increased longevity , while defined-benefit pension plans and annuity providers would lose .
Less affluent individuals are also more threatened by longevity than those for whom living longer mainly means leaving a smaller inheritance to their children .
Indeed , countries with higher birth rates are less exposed to longevity risk in the next half-century or so than countries with low birth rates .
We thus need a large and liquid market for longevity risk so that these different groups can creatively share their risks with each other .
In fact , creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk , for we could then discover its true price , allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently .
There is virtually no history of the price behavior of longevity bonds , so discovering their buyers and sellers , and the prices that clear the market , will take some time .
But longevity bonds , while only experimental today , will eventually become vitally important to the world economy .
Unfortunately , according to Joanna Syroka of the World Bank 's Commodity Risk Management Group , official foreign aid and private charity tends to arrive too late , often after starvation has actually begun , and long after the families have taken extreme measures , consuming their capital to survive .
Since the true value of long-term assets is so hard to estimate , it is human nature to focus on the rate of increase in their observed prices , and to allow one 's attention to become fixated on these assets just as their value is increasing very fast .
This can lead people to make serious mistakes , paying more for long-term assets than they should , even assuming that the economy will perform spectacularly well in the future .
Silence can be presumed to be tacit acceptance that rapid increases in long-term asset price are warranted .
One oft-heard justification for high asset prices is that real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- long-term interest rates are very low .
It is , of course , true that real long-term interest rates have declined quite markedly -- not suddenly and not only recently , but at a fairly steady pace for more than twenty years .
According to the IMF , world real long-term interest rates peaked at nearly 7 % on average in 1984 , and fell to just below 2 % by 2004 .
There were some ups and downs along the way , but the overall trend has been downward , and the magnitude of the decline -- nearly five percentage points -- is striking .
Low real long-term rates mean that any long-term asset that pays , say , $ 100 a year in real terms would have been worth a real $ 1,429 in 1984 , when it yielded 7 % , but would have to be worth a real $ 5,000 now , when it yields just 2 % .
A decline in long-term rates of such magnitude would thus appear to imply massive price inflation for real assets , justifying the high prices we are in fact seeing .
But , while the worldwide recession of 1981-2 brought inflation down rapidly , nominal long-term interest rates did not fall immediately , for the world 's markets were still not convinced .
Hence , real long-term rates remained quite high in the mid-1980 's .
Gradually , with lenders becoming increasingly confident in subsequent years that low inflation was here to stay , real long-term interest rates began heading south .
But this history means that the true real long-term interest rate was not as high in the 1980 's as our measures show , because long-term inflation expectations must have been much higher than the one-year inflation rate was at the time .
Holders of long-term bonds , for example , must have thought that inflation would come roaring back after the effects of the 1981-2 global recession had passed .
But we do know that in 1984 the best-developed such market -LRB- in the United Kingdom -RRB- was quoting long-term real interest rates of only around 3 % -- far below the IMF 's figure .
In fact , if one takes a longer view of real interest rates in the US , calculated by subtracting the previous year 's inflation from the nominal government bond yield , one finds that , while they are much lower than 20 years ago , they are not low by historical standards .
The average real long-term government interest rate in 1891-1979 -- a period ending just before Volcker oversaw soaring growth in borrowing costs -- was a mere 1.25 % , which is very close to the real long-term interest rate today .
In short , we simply should n't read too much into the decline in real long-term interest rates over the last 20 years .
But this promising start follows a long trail of failures to create inflation futures , owing to the public 's lack of interest .
Indeed , this is also why an American exchange can make a market for European inflation ; with new information technology , it no longer matters where people live .
It seems plausible that two years is long enough for retraining , after which the employee might command a higher wage without a government subsidy .
The weakness of the current wage insurance proposal is that it pays benefits only for a limited period and relies for its long-term effect on the retraining incentives that it creates .
It is aimed at dealing with long-term changes in the labor market , rather than assuring temporary wage levels .
Moreover , this income stream would continue for as long as the index stays down , not just for a couple of years -LRB- or any other arbitrary period -RRB- .
I asked about their long-term expectations , and about their thoughts concerning Mexico 's economic prospects in the decades ahead .
Indeed , the most important benefit of NAFTA for Mexico is that it represents a long-term commitment among the three member countries to work together .
But alongside those strong grounds for optimism are significant worries .
Twenty years is a long time to have almost no economic growth .
When incomes are growing rapidly , as they are in China , it is easier to save because people are not yet accustomed to a higher standard of living and do not mind terribly much maintaining a lower one for a while longer .
In the United States , newspapers and magazines are trumpeting reports in the last few months that the decade-long boom in home prices may be at an end , and that the bubble may be bursting .
The downward price trend in the US market , for example , does not seem to reflect underlying changes in long-run economic confidence .
The survey that Karl Case and I conducted in May and June of this year , under the auspices of the Yale School of Management , shows sharp declines in short-term expectations for home prices in the US , but relatively little change in long-term expectations .
Most people still believe that housing is a great long-term investment .
Maybe real estate prices are unlikely to fall to pre-boom levels because the fundamental change in perceptions concerning capitalism 's triumph will be longstanding .
The cooperative movement of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries was associated with a long list of financial and insurance institutions -- including savings banks , building societies , and savings-and-loan societies -- to help less-advantaged people .
In fact , lottery bonds have a long history .
For example , in a rapidly globalizing world , people may have to leave their long-term employers , with whom they have built a sense of trust , or it may be their supervisors who will have to be replaced .
Many people view the superstar city theory as confirming their hunch that , despite the current slowdown in home prices elsewhere -LRB- particularly in the United States -RRB- , investors can expect to make huge long-term gains by buying homes in these cities , even though the homes there are already expensive .
How much might we expect a home in a famous city to outperform other real estate as a long-term investment ?
Finally , as Gyourko , Mayer , and Sinai themselves note , even these small long-term differences in home price across cities have tended to be offset by lower rent-price ratios in the superstar cities .
In Europe , the average ratio of home prices to incomes is slightly below its long-term average , mainly because housing prices in Germany are at historically low levels by this measure .
In France , Italy , and Belgium , the ratio is close to its long-term average , and in Spain , the Netherlands , and Ireland , it is 40-50 % above it .
It may have had something to do with the near-total lack of response of long-term interest rates to monetary tightening .
If central banks are tightening and long-term rates are n't rising , one needs some explanation .
But there was no consensus on the longer-run outlook for home prices .
Nevertheless , an outside observer might have been struck by the weight given to the possibility that the decade-long boom might well suffer a real reversal , followed by serious declines .
At the Jackson Hole conference , Paul McCulley of PIMCO , the world 's largest bond fund , argued that in the past month or two we have been witnessing a run on what he calls the `` shadow banking system , '' which consists of all the levered investment conduits , vehicles and structures that have sprung up along with the housing boom .
Vivid images have stuck in people 's minds from that episode : long lines of cars at gas stations , people riding bicycles to work , gasless Sundays and other rationing schemes .
Images of 1929 -- of financiers leaping from buildings , unemployed men sleeping on park benches , long lines at soup kitchens , and impoverished boys selling apples on the street -- are not on our minds now .
The image of a bank run , of long lines of angry people lining up outside a failed bank , was briefly on our minds after the Northern Rock failure in Britain .
We imagine residential streets with one `` for sale '' sign after another . Worse , there are images of foreclosures , of families being evicted from their homes , their furniture and belongings on the street .
There has been a longstanding discussion about whether new derivative markets , which provide such financial hedging , tend to increase preexisting financial markets ' volatility .
But others -- those involved with the securitization of mortgages -- were clearly important long-run innovations , because they can help spread risks better around the world .
Partly due to such efforts , as well as to a change in family values , the rate of growth of the world 's population , began a long decline , to 1.1 % in 2005 .
The Neuer Markt no longer exists ; the others are weak , if not moribund .
In the longer run , a system of good incentives must be created to change people 's expectations of economic success and increase their opportunities to `` learn by doing . ''
It had become an article of faith that the value of both types of assets only goes up in the long run , and that it is foolish to try to `` time the market . ''
After all , we no longer smoke cigarettes to prevent infections .
GDP risk is a long-term risk .
These securities are offered in pairs -- one long and one short -- and , unlike in a government-run scheme , in whatever quantity the market demands .
There are often regulatory barriers to converting farmland into urban land , but these barriers tend to be thwarted in the long run if economic incentives to work around them become sufficiently powerful .
Home prices can not have shown such increases over long time periods , for then no one could afford a home .
NEW HAVEN -- Volatility in the housing market has long been known , but until now it has never been visible in so many places around the world at the same time .
This long-term trend towards multifamily housing may be expected to continue , further diminishing the importance of land to home values .
This should put a break on long-run escalation of home prices .
But , in a newly global economy , with increasing interregional and international population flows and widespread commitment to economic freedom , it is very hard for governments to restrict supply in the long run .
The history of legislative reform is substantially a punctuated equilibrium , with long periods of time during which public apathy prevents any progress , interrupted by scandals that suddenly make progress possible .
The group recommends that the standardized disclosure should give the consumer an understandable measure of long-term risk .
The only reason that such labeling has not yet been required is the same reason that nutritional labels were not required long ago on foods .
Not part of Bush 's team , Bernanke was protected from political pressures by America 's long tradition of respect for the Fed 's independence .
There is a tradition of the central banker as a worldly philosopher , who stands up for long-term sensible policy , and this tradition makes it politically easier for central bankers to do the right thing .
NEW HAVEN -- Much of the talk emerging from the August 2010 Jackson Hole Economic Symposium , attended by many of the world 's central bankers and economists , has been about a paper presented there that gave a dire long-run assessment of the future of the world 's economies .
They note that , in general , debt levels and leverage rose during the decade preceding these crises , propelling increases in asset prices for a long time .
Reinhart and Rogoff describe a `` this time is different syndrome '' during the pre-crisis boom , whereby these bubbles are allowed to continue for far too long , because people think that past episodes are irrelevant .
In that case perhaps all of those crisis-induced bad decades are no longer relevant .
NEW HAVEN -- Real long-term interest rates -- that is , interest rates on inflation-protected bonds -- have fallen to historic lows in much of the world .
This is an economic fact of fundamental significance , for the real long-term interest rate is a direct measure of the cost of borrowing to conduct business , launch new enterprises , or expand existing ones -- and its levels now fly in the face of all the talk about the need to slash government deficits .
In fact , there was a temporary upward spike in real long-term interest rates during the financial crisis in countries with indexed bonds .
Instead , low long-term real interest rates appear to reflect a general failure by governments over the years to use the borrowing opportunities that the inflation-indexed markets present to them .
Surely , governments ' levels of long-term investment in infrastructure , education , and research should be much higher now than they were five or ten years ago , when long-term real interest rates were roughly twice as high .
But , while the history of stock-market prediction is littered with too much failure to try to decide whether the bounceback will continue much longer , it does n't look like a bubble , but more like the end of a depression scare .
The case of Japan shows that , despite some of our financial markets ' great sophistication , we are still a long way from the theoretical ideal .
August 2 came and went , with no default , but , three days later , a Friday , Standard & Poor 's lowered its rating on long-term US debt from AAA to AA + .
The Consumer Sentiment Survey of Americans , created by George Katona at the University of Michigan in the early 1950 's , and known today as the Thomson-Reuters University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers , has included a remarkable question about the reasonably long-term future , five years hence , and asks about visceral fears concerning that period :
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
Measuring risks , especially important long-term ones , is imprecise and difficult .
We must protect ourselves against fallacies , such as thinking that just because a risk has not proved damaging for decades , it no longer exists .
Hu will urge Obama to resume bilateral talks with North Korea under the Six-Party umbrella ; and he may press China 's position that , in the long term , economic engagement is more effective than sanctions in changing North Korea 's behavior .
A report by the University of California Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation and the Asia Society makes the case for economic engagement with North Korea as a long-term strategy that would complement the sanctions now in place .
WASHINGTON , DC -- In its decade-long slog to secure Afghanistan , the United States has juggled contradictory foreign policies in Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan , the fragile Central Asian states with key supporting roles in the war .
Unfortunately , the two policies have often worked at cross purposes , diminishing America 's long-term influence in the region and at times hurting its ability to conduct the war .
Along with its restraints on liberty and its dramatic increase in the power of the Kremlin bureaucracy , Putin has overseen the rise of a Russian middle class that has become increasingly similar to Western middle classes .
With its long borders with Russia , China knows it would have much to regret if a new , oil-fired Russian empire appeared on its doorstep .
South Africa must tap into the growing concern among Zimbabwe 's neighbors -LRB- Angola , Botswana , Tanzania , and Zambia -RRB- about the political crisis , and forge a united front within the SADC that sends a clear message to Mugabe and his generals that the region will no longer tolerate their actions .
None of this is easy , but South Africa must now act decisively in order to polish its tarnished image as a responsible regional power . `` Business as usual '' is no longer a viable approach for South African foreign policy .
By one estimate , with a long term , predictable , and equitable post-2012 global regulatory framework for curbing greenhouse gas emissions -LRB- when the Kyoto protocol expires -RRB- , carbon markets could develop exponentially and deliver financial flows to developing countries of anywhere between $ 20 and $ 120 billion dollars\/year .
A G8 commitment to the global carbon market will foster long-term financing beyond 2012 . Such carbon finance can also tackle deforestation , which represents about 20 % of the global CO2 emissions causing climate change .
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said his country is ready to look into the possibility of creating a new financial mechanism , with substantial funds for the relatively long - term , to help developing countries halt global warming .
WARSAW -- As a long-time observer of American politics , I know that United States senators will decide whether to ratify New START , the arms control treaty with Russia negotiated this year , on the basis of a thorough evaluation of their country 's national interests .
The country 's first democratic prime minister , along with two former presidents , including Lech Wa??sa , the legendary leader of Solidarity , published a joint article last year in support of Obama 's bold disarmament agenda .
Today , the euro -- a currency without a country -- lacks a long track record of credibility .
All of these changes reflect the fact that the Horn of Africa 's peoples are no longer willing to be passive victims of fate and their harsh physical environment . On the contrary , they are determined to shape their destinies through modernization , investment , and improved governance .
Chimpanzees , bonobos , and gorillas have long-term relationships , not only between mothers and children , but also between unrelated apes .
When a loved one dies , they grieve for a long time .
Making money gives us something to do that feels worthwhile , as long as we do not reflect too much on why we are doing it .
Moreover , if global warming continues unchecked , the number of deaths that occur when rainfall becomes more erratic , causing both prolonged droughts and severe floods , will dwarf the death toll from hot weather in Europe .
Today , enterprising firms offer , for a fee , to tell you about your genes . They claim that this knowledge will help you live longer and better .
If your chances of a long lifespan are not good , you might buy more life insurance , or even retire early to have enough time to do what you always wanted to do .
It may not be long before we can identify genes that improve the odds of success in this quest .
David 's father , Yohane Banda , suddenly in the media spotlight , said he had not understood that his son no longer belonged to him and might never return to Malawi .
A patient 's informed consent should be a prerequisite for all medical treatment , as long as the patient is a competent adult in a position to make a decision .
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
Kept indoors all their lives , on bare concrete without straw for bedding -- pigs love straw , but it costs money and makes the floors harder to keep clean -- with nothing to do all day except for the short time they are eating , it is hard to see that longer existence brings them any benefits at all .
It 's a matter of judgment , and others might disagree , but in my view the lucky factory farmed pigs are those shot on the farm . The unlucky ones have to live longer .
He was then taken to an interrogation room where he saw a longhaired man with a full beard who was gagged with duct tape that `` covered much of his head . ''
But as long as it continues to hold and abuse prisoners without giving them a fair trial , America 's professed ideals will continue to sound to the rest of the world like the deepest hypocrisy .
No Smile Limit If you were to walk along the streets of your neighborhood with your face up and an open expression , how many of those who passed you would smile , or greet you in some way ?
The Port Phillip city government takes a broader and longer-term view .
When asked whether they were a couple , Royal replied , `` Our lives belong to us . ''
The French have a long tradition of respecting the privacy of their politicians ' personal lives , and French public opinion is more broad-minded than in the United States , where an unwed mother of four would have no chance of being nominated for the presidency by a major party .
Savulescu , who directs the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics at Oxford University and holds degrees in both medicine and bioethics , says that we should drop the ban on performance-enhancing drugs , and allow athletes to take whatever they want , as long as it is safe for them to do so .
The World Anti-Doping Code no longer prohibits caffeine .
For the sake of fame and glory now , athletes will be tempted to risk their long-term health .
Many recent studies show that spending time relaxing with family and friends contributes to how happy people are with their lives , while long working hours , and especially long commuting times , contribute to stress and unhappiness .
It is n't clear that using antibiotics in these circumstances prolongs life , but even if it did , one would have to ask : what is the point ?
How many people want their lives to be prolonged if they are incontinent , need to be fed by others , can no longer walk , and their mental capacities have irreversibly deteriorated so that they can neither speak nor recognize their children ?
Golubchuk 's doctors thought it best not to prolong his life , but his children , arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their Orthodox Jewish beliefs , obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their father alive .
His case will now go to trial , and how long that will take is unclear .
Silent giving will not change a culture that deems it sensible to spend all your money on yourself and your family , rather than to help those in greater need -- even though helping others is likely to bring more fulfillment in the long run .
Last year , when speaking to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs , he called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security , and say : `` You matter to us .
Families that can no longer keep up with their mortgage payments will lose their homes .
Since then , some three million people have been conceived by IVF , enabling otherwise infertile couples to have the child they longed for .
She and her 72 year-old husband have , she says , longed for a child through 55 years of marriage .
In the newspaper Le Figaro , a section on how to scale back one 's expenses predicted a `` revolution in values '' and claimed that people will put family ahead of work . -LRB- Americans think the French , with their shorter working hours and longer summer vacations , already put family ahead of work . -RRB-
The new method spread : chickens disappeared from fields into long , windowless sheds .
In fact , it was cheaper only because it passed some of its costs on to others -- for example , to people who lived downstream or downwind from the factory farms , and could no longer enjoy clean water and air .
We are not yet far into 2010 , but studies show that fewer than half of those who make New Year 's resolutions manage to keep them for as long as one month .
If we succeed , the behavior we judge to be better will become habitual -- and thus no longer require a conscious act of will to keep acting in that way .
By this reasoning , a woman who finds herself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion , as long as she preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved .
Moreover , the degree of confinement in an aquarium is extreme , for no tank , no matter how large , can come close to meeting the needs of animals who spend their lives in social groups swimming long distances in the ocean .
The Unknown Promise of Internet Freedom MELBOURNE -- Google has withdrawn from China , arguing that it is no longer willing to design its search engine to block information that the Chinese government does not wish its citizens to have .
Nevertheless , the more important point is that Google is no longer lending its imprimatur to political censorship .
This , one hopes , will change the attitude of corporations that enrich themselves by paying dictators for the right to extract valuable resources that belong to the whole country .
PRINCETON -- When I was a child , my father used to take me for walks , often along a river or by the sea .
Impaling live bait on hooks is a common commercial practice : long-line fishing , for example , uses hundreds or even thousands of hooks on a single line that may be 50-100 kilometers long .
For a long time , rich countries have promised to reduce poverty , but have failed to match their words with adequate action .
They can limit how much money they will spend , or how long they will spend at a machine at any one time .
On our own , our tendency to yield to short-term temptations , and even to addictions , may be too strong for our rational , long-term planning .
MELBOURNE -- Scholars have long dreamed of a universal library containing everything that has ever been written .
Last month , in a Manhattan court , Judge Denny Chin rejected that proposed settlement , in part because it would have given Google a de facto monopoly over the digital versions of so-called `` orphan '' books -- that is , books that are still in copyright , but no longer in print , and whose copyright ownership is difficult to determine .
It is because copyright lasts so long that as many as three-quarters of all library books are `` orphaned . '' This vast collection of knowledge , culture , and literary achievement is inaccessible to most people .
Last month , however , saw a major philosophical event : the publication of Derek Parfit 's long-awaited book On What Matters .
The two are related : more tourists might boost the economy , but they would damage Bhutan 's environment and culture , and so reduce happiness in the long run .
One bomb hit the home of the Hamoodi family , a respected , educated family , none of whose members belonged to the ruling Baath Party .
It might be possible to justify the loss of innocent human life in Damadola by a utilitarian calculation that killing Al Qaeda 's leaders will , in the long run , save a larger number of innocent human beings .
Bush , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
Killing innocent people in order to bring a kind of rough justice to `` Chemical Ali '' -- a particularly nasty member of Saddam 's military elite , but one who at the time of the raid was no longer in command of military forces -- is wrong .
Indians died alongside Americans and others in the World Trade Center .
Yesterday 's treaties , particularly those with the United States and Israel , will no longer inspire the same type of confidence they have long had as instruments of state policy .
So long as these dark shadows are allowed to linger , `` resetting '' relations between the two countries , in the manner of US-Russia relations , will be impossible .
America 's failure to talk to Iran is as foolhardy as its decades-long failure to talk with Mao 's China .
When private jobs are no longer competitive , government jobs seem an easy solution to keeping people employed .
Edmund Phelps , this year 's Nobel laureate in economics , has also long advocated it .
This would not solve the CO2 problem in the long run , but at least it would postpone the catastrophe .
The boom was unusually long and persistent , with four years of roughly 5 % growth -- a period of sustained economic dynamism not seen since around 1970 .
Many argue that a US recession will no longer affect the world because China has supplanted America as an engine of the global economy .
At some stage , the world may no longer catch a cold when the US sneezes , but that is far from being true now .
No longer .
After all , the Standard & Poor 's US price-earnings ratio is still above its long-term average -- 26.84 in 2007 , compared to its long-term average since 1881 of 16.31 .
This allowed managers to pursue more long-term goals and proved effective in blocking contagion effects .
This is about 4 % in nominal terms , and faster growth will hardly be possible in the longer run .
With such low growth , the 3 % - of-GDP ceiling for annual fiscal deficits is no longer compatible with the 60 % limit on the debt-GDP ratio that the Maastricht Treaty stipulates for the euro countries .
The Global Economy 's Gathering Storm MUNICH -- From 2004 to 2007 , the world economy experienced an unusually long and strong boom , with growth rates of nearly 5 % and with many countries participating .
The Standard & Poor 's price\/earnings ratio recently stood at around 20 , well above the long-term average of around 16 since 1881 .
The Fed has given ordinary banks direct access to its credit facilities , and the ECB no longer rations the supply of base money , instead providing as much liquidity as banks demand .
While this certainly impedes long-term economic growth and causes great structural problems , it also means that the state reacts extremely counter-cyclically and stabilizes the economy to a great extent , which benefits the entire world .
They will have to brace themselves for an extensive period of diminished expectations that will last much longer than the next economic boom , and that will require substantial structural changes in the US economy .
As the ECB belongs to all euro countries , they would all bear the loss .
With international investors no longer willing to finance this deficit , and even shying away from refinancing existing Greek debt , only three possibilities remain .
The programs that have been agreed will not suffice to reassure creditors , and Germany will most likely be unwilling to bow once again to Sarkozy in the coming negotiations to prolong the rescue measures -- at least as they are constructed now -- beyond the initially stipulated three years .
Conversely , Germany , which has suffered from relative deflation and a long slump under the euro , will experience an inflationary boom that will reduce its competitiveness and current-account surplus .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
While the US no longer suffers from rising unemployment , the current 9.5 % jobless rate is very high for the US , roughly double its level before the recession .
The explanation for this divided world is that countries like Greece , Spain , and the US , which experienced a long boom financed by huge capital imports , now face growing difficulties in finding foreign finance .
The US accepted the lower valuation of the renminbi as long as China returned the dollars that it earned from bilateral merchandise trade by financing America 's budget deficit .
Given this history , it is a bit shabby to reproach China now for its exchange-rate policy -- a policy that enabled the US to live beyond its means for so long .
The participation of creditor banks , which had long been the conditio sine qua non for Merkel , was downgraded to optional status .
The EU 's maneuvers may stabilize Europe in the short run and help it to withstand better the current speculative attacks on some of the euro countries ' government bonds , but they risk long-term destabilization .
For many , the answer is obvious : international markets no longer want to finance the `` GIPS . ''
But now the ECB no longer wants to do it , and is urging eurozone members to step in .
But this would simply prolong community financing of the GIPS ' current-account deficits , now in its fourth year , for another couple of years .
Now , with Germany 's economy no longer functioning smoothly , capital moving abroad , and unemployment rising , criticism of capitalism is again gaining momentum .
No longer .
The perpetrators of these bomb blasts are now understood to belong to linked , hard-line Islamist organizations .
Indeed , several large oil exporters and Asian manufacturing exporters will have sizable surpluses for as long as we can forecast .
A fund that works like this sends a strong signal that the government is committed to sound long-term finance .
As long as we rely on technical fixes to plug moral gaps and governments rush in with rescue packages that enable the merry-go-round to start up again , we are bound to keep lurching from frenzy to frenzy , punctuated by intervals of collapse .
But competitive pressures and the long gestation period of fixed-capital outlays multiply optimism , leading to more investment being undertaken than is actually profitable .
Similarly , few regimes seemed more stable than that of the Shah of Iran , another long-term ruler , who , having bankrupted his country , was forced to flee the fury of a mob in 1979 .
Indeed , it is likely to prolong wicked regimes .
The charge of colonialism , meanwhile , is simply reflex : colonialism no longer exists .
As long as central government takes responsibility for maintaining a high and stable level of employment , Keynes thought , most of the rest of economic life can be left free of official interference .
On the eve of decolonization in 1960 , real GDP per head in Sub-Saharan Africa was almost three times higher than in Southeast Asia , and Africans were expected to live two years longer on average .
In the 50 years since , African real GDP per head grew by 38 % and people lived nine years longer , while in Southeast Asia GDP per head grew by 1000 % and people lived 32 years longer .
However , as long as there is a roadblock every 14 kilometers between Lagos and Abidjan -- two of West Africa 's leading cities -- progress on the ground will be slow .
The rest of the world can no longer afford Africa 's poverty .
As long as policies and institutions to do this were in place , Keynes argued , risk could be let to look after itself .
Russia also will not transform its economic system along Anglo-American lines .
Nevertheless , Russia may be able to develop , out of its own spiritual and cultural resources , an attractive alternative to both the American and European models , provided it achieves long run economic success .
A suggestive analogy may be to France during the long period of Anglo-American hegemony .
The Gaullist dream of creating an independent power center never succeeded , but the role of `` awkward partner '' has given a distinctive flavor to French diplomacy , and it may be equally viable for a shrunken , proud , but no longer hegemonic Russia .
Even long-established states like the United Kingdom now have strong separatist movements .
Such a cavalier attitude to the demands of lesser powers to be heard is no longer possible .
-LRB- By this reasoning , a lot of bankers have simply decided to take long holidays since last September 's financial meltdown . -RRB-
Hence , as he put it in 1932 , there may be `` no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment '' -- which is what the Obama administration is rightly doing .
This makes for considerable stability in markets as long as the conventions hold .
Personal honor can no longer be relied upon to keep legislators straight .
Labor 's model of the economy implies maintaining the deficit for as long as needed , and even increasing government spending if the recovery appears to be flagging .
`` Risks to global financial stability have eased as the economic recovery has gained steam , but concerns about advanced country sovereign risks could undermine gains and prolong the collapse of credit .
Because no social system can survive for long without a moral basis , the issues posed by anti-globalization campaigners are urgent -- all the more so in the midst of the current economic crisis .
But real interest rates on long-term government debt in the US , Japan , Germany , and the United Kingdom are already close to zero .
Finally , the reduction of governments ' borrowing requirements `` might '' have a beneficial effect on output in the long run , owing to lower long-term interest rates .
Of course , low long-term interest rates are necessary for recovery .
Policymakers need to re-learn their Keynes , explain him clearly , and apply his lessons , not invent pseudo-rational arguments for prolonging the recession .
The Kremlin 's chief ideologist , Vladislav Surkov , has suggested that full democracy presupposes `` democracy in the head , '' implying that this desirable mental condition was still a long way off in Russia .
Material gains may continue , though evidence shows that they no longer make people happier .
How much longer can this continue ?
This amounts to saying that even though rich countries -LRB- or regions -RRB- no longer need the benefits of free trade , they must continue to suffer its costs .
Otherwise , there is no explanation for the longevity of dictatorships such as Mubarak 's 30-year rule .
But Western democracies ' combination of freedom and order -- the West 's most precious gift to the world -- is the product of a long history that can not be replicated in short order .
But America 's long-term project is to remake the world in its image .
But , taking the long view , can anyone doubt that the invasion had the effect of shaking up the pieces , not just in Iraq , but across the Islamic chessboard ?
But , taking the long view , the future surely does not lie with organizations like the Muslim Brotherhood .
Then , in the 1980 's , a revisionist history came along .
It is possible , for example , to imagine a `` Western world '' -LRB- one that applies Ferguson 's `` killer apps '' -RRB- in which the actual West is no longer the dominant factor : America will simply passes the torch to China , as Britain once did to America .
The other aspect of the problem is the long-term increase in technology-driven unemployment , largely owing to automation .
The sociological imperative behind the spread of `` political correctness '' is the fact that we no longer live in patriarchal , hierarchical , mono-cultural societies , which exhibit general , if unreflective , agreement on basic values .
Getting into debt was long associated with profligacy or fecklessness .
In the long run , however , we will have to answer the broader question that the eurozone 's various debt crises have raised : Is the social value of making finance cheap worth the days of reckoning for stricken debtors ?
In the 1920 's , Germany ended up having to pay only a small fraction of its reparation bill , but the long time it took to get to that point prevented the full recovery of Europe , made Germany itself the most conspicuous victim of the Great Depression , and bred widespread resentment , with dire political consequences .
After prolonged lobbying by the financial-services industry , US President Bill Clinton repealed Glass-Steagall in 1999 .
The year before , the strongest cyclone in more than 50 years hit China ... We 're seeing the consequences that scientists have long predicted might be associated with continual global warming . ''
Is it democracy that has kept Europe peaceful since 1945 , or is it the long period of peace since 1945 that has allowed democracy to become the European norm ?
This is because its advocates believe that no long-term co-existence with non-democracies is possible .
A long liberal cycle stretched from the 1930 's to the 1970 's , followed by a conservative cycle of economic deregulation , which now seems to have run its course .
During the three-decade-long Keynesian era , governments in the capitalist world managed and regulated their economies to maintain full employment and moderate business fluctuations .
But once government intervenes on this scale , it usually stays for a long time .
One student was Adam Michnik , later a long-term political prisoner , who became a political strategist of Solidarity in the 1980 's .
In violation of a centuries-long tradition of university autonomy , the police marched onto campus , beat up students , and arrested a large number of demonstrators .
But today the international community has a tremendous window of opportunity to secure a small but significant peace in the Middle East along the volatile border of Lebanon and Israel .
It also lowered long-term interest rates in the US and made monetary conditions there more expansionary .
The real danger is that adjustment would take place even later , with imbalances left to accumulate for a longer period of time .
Parliament settled on 28 days -- still the longest such period in the Western world .
The longest span -LRB- from the first hominids to the domestication of draft animals -RRB- is made up of the age when human muscles were the only prime mover .
A fundamental break with this millennia-long pattern came only with widespread adoption of the first practical mechanical prime mover able to convert the heat of fuel combustion -- James Watt 's improved steam engine , designed in the 1780 's .
Second , any transition to new prime movers is an inherently prolonged affair , taking decades to accomplish .
Finally , the wider the scale on which an energy prime mover is deployed , the longer it will take for substitutions to appear .
Russia has profited from Europe 's disarray by moving to cement greater long-term European dependence on its energy , particularly natural gas by continuing its divide-and-rule tactics toward European governments .
That is likely to remain true as long as the West fails to adopt an energy strategy that causes the Kremlin to change course .
`` Return to Europe '' is no longer the battle cry of the new post-communist democracies .
Higher and pro-cyclical equity-capital requirements on banks , combined with a requirement to raise contingent long-term debt -- debt that converts into equity in a crisis -- is a better way forward .
The typical bank is capitalized with equity , long-term debt , short-term debt , and deposits .
In addition , regulators should require banks to issue an additional amount of capital -- say , 10 % -- in the form of long-term debt that is forced to convert into equity if the bank and the overall banking system get into financial difficulty .
In issuing contingent capital , banks would have to pay a higher interest rate than they would on ordinary long-term debt , because debt investors will face the true cost of capital , not the government-subsidized cost .
Nothing is completely isolated , and `` foreign affairs '' no longer exists : everything has become national , even personal . Other people 's problems are now our problems , and we can no longer look on them with indifference , or hope to reap some personal gain from them .
Among the BRICS -- Brazil , Russia , India , China , and South Africa , all of which happen to be on the Security Council currently -- two vetoed and the rest abstained -LRB- along with Lebanon , for obvious reasons -RRB- .
In the United States , there has been no energy debate at the federal level for a long time ; the European Union is in the eye of a financial hurricane ; and the emerging countries want to maintain rapid economic growth in order to lift millions out of poverty .
Finally , time frames related to energy are usually long : centuries for environmental effects or decades for investments to pay off .
But these criticisms reflect an inability to contemplate the current nature of armed conflict , which no longer follows the classical logic of military victory or defeat .
We are faced with forging a new long-term policy that affects both states and societies .
The G-8 was no longer an appropriate vehicle for global economic governance , given the need to stabilize financial markets around the world .
Obviously , holding a G-8 summit just before a G-20 summit , as happened in Canada this June , simply serves to prolong maintenance of separate clubs , which is unsustainable .
The Franco-British agreement in 2010 was one hopeful sign for 2011 and beyond : a step along the arduous but necessary path toward greater European security .
The US has been behind the curve from the moment the turmoil sparked , trying to play catch up as two authoritarian governments were toppled by popular protest and more regimes try to cling to power as long as they can .
As political reform achieves results , Israel will no longer be able to claim that it is the only democracy in the Middle East ; with conditions changing on the ground , it will be increasingly difficult to ignore Palestinians ' demand for independence .
At the same time , a peace process backed by elected and more legitimate Arab governments will actually help solidify long-term peace and stability .
The security benefits and strategic advantages for the EU with Turkey as a member would be many , starting with the relationship between the EU and NATO , of which Turkey has long been a member .
Growth will no longer be generated from the West on the back of emerging-economy surpluses , but will need to come from within the emerging world itself , which should be nudged away from purely export-oriented economic policies .
Financial markets , awakened by the global crisis , will no longer support today 's Potemkin-like situation , in which welfare benefits have become a façade propped up by deficits .
On Google . cn , these sources , along with the results of searches using many other forbidden terms , simply did not appear .
But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market .
The choice is long overdue , as South Korea is a remarkable success story : in one generation , the South Koreans , formerly pummeled by civil war , under constant threat from their Northern communist brethren , long mired in poverty , and ruled by military dictators for 40 years , have built the world 's 13th largest economy and Asia 's most vibrant democracy .
Historically squeezed between its two giant neighbors , China and Japan , South Korea had long been perceived as an underdog with a fuzzy cultural identity .
Fewer hours worked , longer vacations , and a declining population -LRB- since 2005 -RRB- have , predictably , undermined Japanese growth .
The philosophers who were the intellectual fathers of the 1789 revolution longed not for democracy , but for enlightened despotism , which is what many French still look for when they elect a president .
And , since Barack Obama 's election , anti-Americanism is no longer a viable way to garner support .
That equilibrium works so long as each institution is submitted to close scrutiny -- which judges and magistrates have simply avoided .
In the long run , open society can not survive unless the people who live in it believe in it .
After an initial rally , Brazilian interest rates have settled at levels incompatible with long-term solvency .
But a chronic current account deficit is unsound , unfair , and unsustainable in the long run .
At the end of this month , many of these young people will join us in Budapest , along with Prime Ministers and other senior officials from Central and Eastern European countries and EU member states .
Many of these Pioneers and Rangers are corporate officials who are well situated to raise funds from their business associates , bundle them together and pass them along with tracking numbers to ensure proper `` credit '' to each individual donor of $ 2,000 .
But the initiative can not fulfill its great promise as long as it stays within the Brussels bureaucracy .
EU member states reacted strongly when Lukashenka tried to sack the rector of the prestigious European Humanities University , and this , along with other developments , weakened his position .
Bush is right to assert that repressive regimes can no longer hide behind a cloak of sovereignty : what goes on inside tyrannies and failed states is of vital interest to the rest of the world .
Afghanistan is grappling with the world 's biggest narcotics problem and donors must commit to a long-term drug control strategy .
But not admitting it is bound to prove even more painful in the long run .
As a result , the US is no longer in a position to set the world 's agenda .
Where Europe has adopted a common policy -- such as on Iran -- it has succeeded in persuading others , including the US , to change long-held positions .
What we have learned from recent years ' experience -- what we should have known all along -- is that the supremacy of critical thought in political discourse can not be taken for granted .
The super-boom got out of hand when the new products became so complicated that the authorities could no longer calculate the risks and started relying on the risk management methods of the banks themselves .
The asset-backed commercial paper market came to a standstill and the special investment vehicles set up by banks to get mortgages off their balance sheets could no longer get outside financing .
Now , they must recognize that the Fed may no longer be in a position to do so .
If interest rates were lowered beyond a certain point , the dollar would come under renewed pressure and long-term bonds would actually go up in yield .
It would take too long to work out the conflicts to include a mortgage modification scheme in the rescue package .
The objection that they would take too long to serve a countercyclical purpose can be rejected on the grounds that the recession is also likely to last a long time .
In addition to the one-time increase in the IMF 's resources , there ought to be substantial annual SDR issues , say , $ 250 billion , as long as the global recession lasts .
As long as they manage their risks properly , regulators should be happy .
To see why , note that being long and selling short in the stock market has an asymmetric risk\/reward profile .
Losing on a long position reduces one 's risk exposure , while losing on a short position increases it , so one can be more patient being long and wrong than being short and wrong .
The dollar no longer enjoys the trust and confidence that it once did , yet no other currency can take its place .
They are reluctant members of the Bretton Woods institutions , which are dominated by countries that are no longer dominant .
It can no longer impose its will on others , as George W. Bush 's administration sought to do , but it could lead a cooperative effort to involve both the developed and the developing world , thereby reestablishing American leadership in an acceptable form .
After the Bush presidency , that rule no longer holds , if it ever did .
The longer the turnaround lasts , the more people will believe that it will continue .
I believe that this amount could be at least doubled and assured for a longer time span .
Europe must develop a long-term strategy tied to programs and monitoring mechanisms that will deliver real change on the ground .
Being long CDS , the risk automatically declines if they are wrong .
The most effective solution would be to issue jointly and separately guaranteed eurobonds to refinance , say , 75 % of the maturing debt , as long as Greece meets its agreed-upon targets , leaving Greece to finance the rest of its needs as best it can .
This would significantly reduce the cost of financing , and it would be the equivalent of the IMF disbursing its loans in tranches as long as conditions are met .
There have been mass protests and resistance from the old guard of the governing party , but the general public seems ready to accept austerity as long as it sees progress in correcting budgetary abuses -- and there are plenty of abuses to allow progress .
This is an excellent proposal that would go a long way in reducing the interconnectedness of markets , thereby preventing financial contagion , but it would not regulate derivatives .
The policies currently being imposed on the eurozone directly contradict the lessons learned from the Great Depression of the 1930 's , and risk pushing Europe into a period of prolonged stagnation or worse .
The German public is a long way from accepting it ; yet it is clearly needed in order to reestablish a level playing field in Europe .
That is why the need for the next step in European integration must be clearly acknowledged alongside implementation of the EU 's crisis-resolution mechanism .
And , as heavily indebted countries are pushed towards insolvency , nationalist political parties -- for example , Finland 's True Finns -- have grown stronger , alongside more established counterparts elsewhere in Europe .
Perhaps most worryingly , Europe finally recognized the principle -- long followed by the IMF -- that countries in bailout programs should not be penalized on interest rates , but the same principle was not extended to countries that are not yet in bailout programs .
It is no longer a question whether it is worthwhile to have a common currency . The euro exists , and its collapse would cause incalculable losses to the banking system .
So the choice that Germany faces is more apparent than real -- and it is a choice whose cost will rise the longer Germany delays making it .
The longer Germany takes to recognize this , the higher the price it will have to pay .
So the discussions about what to include in such a new treaty ought to begin immediately , because , even with European leaders under extreme pressure to agree quickly , negotiations will necessarily be a prolonged affair .
The T-bills could be sold to the ECB at any time , making them tantamount to cash ; but , as long as they yield more than deposits with the ECB , the banks would find it advantageous to hold them .
During the emergency period , fiscal retrenchment and austerity are unavoidable ; but , in the longer term , the debt burden will become unsustainable without growth -- and so will the European Union itself .
We doggedly fight to prolong life , only to find that we can not win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence .
Next comes a desire to eliminate quietly those who can no longer be seen as members of the social world .
Death no longer comes at the end of the process of dying , but - by decree of a Harvard commission - at the beginning .
-LRB- Indeed , all war ministries have become `` defense ministries , '' leaving one to wonder against whom a country must be defended if there are no longer any attackers . -RRB-
The flip side of the criminalization of `` aggressive '' war is the fact that peace is also no longer a reliable legal state that can be ended only by a formal declaration of war .
The first question reflects a long-standing and apparently philosophical dispute between Britain - more accurately , the so-called British financial industry , which comprises almost exclusively non-British firms - and the Continent .
Trades must no longer be concentrated on an officially regulated market , which means that assessment of `` best execution '' remains an open question , especially when trades are `` internalized '' by intermediaries acting as counterparts to their customers .
The long-term future of South Africa 's foreign policy is uncertain : its emergence as a power of substance with a claim to a seat in a reformed UN Security Council will ultimately depend on the government 's capacity to attract foreign investment sufficient to help deliver economic and social goods to the country 's black majority .
Moreover , in the United States , there are rules and conventions -LRB- similar to Maastricht -RRB- that disallow or discourage states from running long-term deficits .
And labor mobility , a long-run goal in the EU , is constrained by language , laws , and diverse regulatory regimes .
A better long-term solution is a central EU fiscal capacity that accumulates the resources to respond to shocks during periods of growth .
But that growth has significant longer-term implications .
While still able to exploit the scope for catch-up growth , emerging economies must undertake continuous , rapid , and at times difficult structural change , along with a parallel process of reform and institution building .
The G-20 is now the priority-setting and decision-making body for this kind of challenge , the crisis having made it clear that the G-7 could no longer perform this function .
The old hybrid -- in which advanced countries operated with floating exchange rates and open capital accounts , while developing countries managed the exchange rate via capital controls and reserve accumulation as part their growth strategies -- worked as long as emerging markets ' systemic effects were relatively small .
The economic and political implications of this long-term trend have been widely discussed but left largely unattended , betraying the general lack of concern for distributional issues that shadows elites ' excessive faith in markets to provide beneficial outcomes .
The United States was on an unsustainable growth path for at least a decade -- probably longer -- before the crisis .
Put bluntly , Americans were living beyond their means for too long .
With a new , more hostile Congress , and with members of a new economic team coming on board , Obama 's challenge is to build a consensus around a medium - and long-term recovery strategy , with a focus on restoring growth and employment .
That must be fixed , which requires that competitiveness become the central focus of longer-term US economic policy -- the sooner , the better .
Apart from the need to deleverage for a few more years , the US economy faces longer-term problems with aggregate demand , employment , and income distribution that can not be solved through consumption and investment alone .
On the balance-sheet side , even if a temporary decline in long-term interest rates pushes up asset values , debt-burdened households with uncertain employment prospects are unlikely to rush to consume .
The fourth item concerns the fact that the global economy will be out of balance so long as the US runs large current-account deficits .
In the longer run , that gap needs to be filled by higher foreign demand and increased export potential .
For the past two years , my colleagues and I on the Growth Commission have sought to learn how 13 developing countries managed to record growth rates averaging 7 % or more for 25 years or longer .
In parallel , colonialism collapsed , and we are now slightly more than halfway through a century-long process of modernization for the many developing countries that emerged .
No longer .
For the countries of Asia -- especially its rising giants , China and India -- sustainable growth is no longer part of a global challenge . Instead , it has become a national growth-strategy issue .
To change course , global agreements that impinge on growth would be needed , along with systems that ensure compliance .
For India and China separately , and certainly together , sustainability is no longer mainly a global issue ; it is a domestic challenge to long-term growth .
Their growth patterns and strategies , and the tradeoffs and choices they make with respect to lifestyle , urbanization , transportation , the environment , and energy efficiency , will largely determine whether their economies can complete the long transition to advanced-income levels .
That objective will be determined by a process of discovery , experimentation , innovation , and creativity , with tradeoffs along the way .
Integrating sustainability into growth strategies and policies is in their self-interest , and it is consistent with their long-term time horizons .
To say that free-rider problems are gone , or that multinational agreements are no longer desirable , would be incorrect .
In the US side , the integrity of sovereign debt was kept in question for too long .
The details may elude voters and some investors , but the focus of policy is not on restoring medium - and long-term growth and employment .
But government can take action that improves productivity , investment returns , and conditions for innovation , thereby increasing the pace and enhancing the long-term results of structural adjustment .
But the lessons that the government may draw from the crisis may not be the best guides for the long term .
As the export sector moves into higher value-added sectors , it will no longer serve this function as effectively as it did in the past .
One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of a rapidly evolving global economy .
But in the long term , sustaining it will require far-sighted public policies and investments in hard and soft infrastructure to support the private sector 's high capacity for innovation .
In an extended balance-sheet recession of this type , unemployment benefits need to be substantial and prolonged .
But they clearly express the changes that Europe has witnessed over the past half-century , changes for the good that all Czechs now want to secure for themselves , having been denied the fruits of European peace and prosperity for so long .
The end of history may not be at hand in Europe , but the end of Europe 's dark history is clearly in sight - so long as Europeans continue on the path of integration .
For too long , these roads have served as arteries for international terrorism , conveying fighters and financing into Russia from the Arab world and other countries .
Instead , Georgia 's long-term economic success will depend on exports to the Russian market : neither Georgian wine nor Georgian fruit is needed in the United States or Italy .
As long as Europe 's potential sinners continue to judge its de facto sinners , peer pressure will not work .
To minimize that risk , euro-area countries must fundamentally re-work and strengthen the institutional architecture for coordinating long overdue structural reforms and for safeguarding public finances .
Sanctions , to be credible , must come into play long before a country falls into economic difficulties ; therefore , they should not be purely financial in character , but should include other measures as well .
They should then become incrementally more severe the longer and the more seriously the rules are breached .
Neither the best-armed government nor the richest can long survive unless broad sections of their population accept its rule as legitimate .
Whether it will operate consistently enough for a long enough time to produce significant genetic change can be answered only by future generations .
We measured natural selection operating on women in Framingham , Massachusetts , where a long-term medical study on heart disease produced the data that we used .
Moreover , the Fed has left the door open to more quantitative easing next year -- a tacit acknowledgement that the recovery will be long and sluggish .
And , in a world where the G-7 no longer drives global growth , printing money is playing with fire .
Thus , along with tremendous opportunities implied by globalization , political risks must also be addressed .
But , as European experience shows , it is often worth sacrificing short-term benefits for the sake of longer-term gain .
Not withstanding the self-serving intentions of outgoing President Leonid Kuchma , this historic pact may in the long run produce positive results for Ukraine 's democracy and prospects for joining the European Union .
In interwar Europe , parliamentarism in many countries was plagued by frequent votes of no confidence , bringing down governments and leaving states rudderless for long periods .
Splits in a military-supported authoritarian regime can create gaps between the temporary interests of the small group closest to the `` military as government '' and the long-term interest of the `` military as institution , '' which is to be a respected part of the state and nation .
So long as the commitment to the exchange rate system remained credible , so was the commitment to halt inflation .
In repeated visits to Argentina , I marveled at how long suffering the Argentineans were ; to me , it is more a surprise that unrest took so long to manifest itself , not that street turmoil unseated Argentina 's president .
The list of examples is long , but it includes subsidies to large corporate farms , tariffs to protect the steel industry , and , most recently , the mega-bail-outs of Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae , and Freddie Mac .
But the inconsistency between rhetoric and reality is long-standing : protectionism expanded under Reagan , including through the imposition of so-called voluntary export restraints on Japanese cars .
During the Great Depression , similar arguments were heard : government need not do anything , because markets would restore the economy to full employment in the long run .
But , as John Maynard Keynes famously put it , in the long run we are all dead .
That is the key point : the surge was supposed to provide space for a political settlement , which would provide the foundations of long-term stability .
The war , and the way it has been conducted , has reduced America 's room for maneuver , and will almost surely deepen and prolong the economic downturn .
It is to be hoped that it will not take us that long this time : given the level of global interdependence , the costs would simply be too high .
The Dismal Economist 's Joyless Triumph NEW YORK -- I have long been forecasting that it was only a matter of time before America 's housing bubble -- which began in the early days of this decade , supported by a flood of liquidity and lax regulation -- would pop .
The longer the bubble expanded , the larger the explosion and the greater -LRB- and more global -RRB- the resulting downturn would be .
Not long ago , there was discussion of the dangers of a disorderly unwinding of the global economy 's massive imbalances .
One can not have a deep and long downturn in the world 's largest economy without global ramifications .
I had long argued that the notion of decoupling was a myth ; the evidence now corroborates that view .
The question is not only how long the recession will last , but what the economy will look like when it emerges .
The damage is long-lasting .
Economic theory had long explained why unfettered markets were not self-correcting , why regulation was needed , why there was an important role for government to play in the economy .
The legacy of underinvestment in technology and infrastructure , especially of the green kind , and the growing divide between the rich and the poor , requires congruence between short-run spending and a long-term vision .
Cutting expenditures on the Iraq war and increasing expenditures on education can simultaneously increase output in the short and long run and reduce the deficit .
It is imperative that we not just respond adequately to the current crisis , but that we undertake the long-run reforms that will be necessary if we are to create a more stable , more prosperous , and equitable global economy .
Like many of Enron 's investments , it worked well in the short run , but did not pan out in the long run .
Household savings are finally beginning to rise , which is good for the long-run health of household finances , but disastrous for economic growth .
Short-sighted responses by politicians -- who hope to get by with a deal that is small enough to please taxpayers and large enough to please the banks -- will only prolong the problem .
But it has long been recognized that subsidies can be just as destructive as tariffs -- and even less fair , since rich countries can better afford them .
If there was ever a level playing field in the global economy , it no longer exists : the massive subsidies and bailouts provided by the US have changed everything , perhaps irreversibly .
It has long been recognized that those America 's banks that are too big to fail are also too big to be managed .
Officials know that if they wait too long , zombie or near zombie banks -- with little or no net worth , but treated as if they were viable institutions -- are likely to `` gamble on resurrection . ''
In truth , this is not socialism , but an extension of long standing corporate welfarism .
On September 14 , the Commission will issue its long-awaited report .
The fact that GDP may be a poor measure of well-being , or even of market activity , has , of course , long been recognized .
Of course , anyone who wanted to could have seen American households ' growing indebtedness , which would have gone a long way toward correcting the false impression of success given by the GDP statistic .
Of course , there is a grain of truth in neoclassical theory ; if there were n't , it probably would n't have survived as long as it has -LRB- though bad ideas often survive in economics remarkably well -RRB- .
Let A Hundred Theories Bloom BUDAPEST -- The economic and financial crisis has been a telling moment for the economics profession , for it has put many long-standing ideas to the test .
A long line of research has shown that even using the models of the so-called `` rational expectations '' school of economics , markets might not behave stably , and that there can be price bubbles .
As long as the world 's -LRB- economically -RRB- advanced countries maintain this attitude , innovative approaches to financing economic development - and global public goods more generally - need to be tested .
Commitment to participate in the program would , presumably , be long term .
Given the difficulty of coming up with even $ 10 billion a year -- let alone the $ 200 billion a year that is needed for mitigation and adaptation -- it is wishful thinking to expect an agreement along these lines .
After all , even deficit hawks acknowledge that we should be focusing not on today 's deficit , but on the long-term national debt .
Spending , especially on investments in education , technology , and infrastructure , can actually lead to lower long-term deficits .
Banks ' short-sightedness helped create the crisis ; we can not let government short-sightedness -- prodded by the financial sector -- prolong it .
Over the longer term , most economists agree that governments , especially in advanced industrial countries with aging populations , should be concerned about the sustainability of their policies .
China recognizes that its currency needs to appreciate over the long run , and politicizing the speed at which it does so has been counterproductive .
NEW YORK -- The Greek financial crisis has put the very survival of the euro at stake . At the euro 's creation , many worried about its long-run viability .
As a result , it will likely be a long time before we can assess the success of whatever law the US Congress ultimately enacts .
As long as there are banks that are too big to fail , government will most likely `` blink '' again .
The Federal Reserve Board is no longer the lender of last resort , but the lender of first resort .
The Fed is engaged in the difficult task of trying to set not just the short-term interest rate , but longer-term rates as well .
In short , government policies to support the housing market not only have failed to fix the problem , but are prolonging the deleveraging process and creating the conditions for Japanese-style malaise .
But it should have been clear all along that the IMF , as a major creditor , could not itself be the bankruptcy judge .
The IMF long advocated the `` hands-off , market-oriented '' approach to bankruptcy resolution , and it has mostly been a disaster .
America 's proposal to rely on minor modifications in current arrangements , while relying on the market , though it is a position long advocated by financial markets , will not suffice .
So , while bringing down short-term T-bill rates to near zero has failed , the hope is that bringing down longer-term interest rates will spur the economy .
In short , QE -- lowering long-term interest rates by buying long-term bonds and mortgages -- wo n't do much to stimulate business directly .
It could , however , increase anxieties about future inflation , leading to higher long-term interest rates -- precisely the opposite of the Fed 's goal .
With the US able to borrow at record-low interest rates , and with the promise of high returns on public investments after a decade of neglect , it is clear what it should do . A large-scale public-investment program would stimulate employment in the short term , and growth in the long term , leading in the end to a lower national debt .
More importantly , how long will it take Europe and America to recover , and can Asia 's seemingly export-dependent economies continue to grow if their historical markets languish ?
There are feasible policies that would work within long-term budget constraints .
But the long-term prognosis -- made especially dire by health-care reform 's inability to make much of a dent in rising medical costs -- is sufficiently bleak that there is increasing bipartisan momentum to do something .
Even if this widens the deficit in the short run , it will reduce the national debt in the long run .
A deficit-reduction package crafted along these lines would more than meet even the most ardent deficit hawk 's demands .
The consequence will almost surely be a slower recovery and an even longer delay before unemployment falls to acceptable levels .
We could only conjecture what would have happened if it had not postponed the day of reckoning for so long -- or if it had tried to put it off further .
The US need not go as far : just a fraction of the money that America spends on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist would go a long way toward creating a more humane society , including provision of health care and education to those who can not afford them .
NEW YORK -- The annual spring meeting of the International Monetary Fund was notable in marking the Fund 's effort to distance itself from its own long-standing tenets on capital controls and labor-market flexibility .
The crisis has also put to the test long-standing dogmas that blame labor-market rigidity for unemployment , because countries with more flexible wages , like the US , have fared worse than northern European economies , including Germany . Indeed , as wages weaken , workers will find it even more difficult to pay back what they owe , and problems in the housing market will become worse .
But there are ways out of this dilemma : strengthening collective bargaining , restructuring mortgages , using carrots and sticks to get banks to resume lending , restructuring tax and spending policies to stimulate the economy now through long-term investments , and implementing social policies that ensure opportunity for all .
Moreover , to cut back expenditures now , in the midst of an ongoing crisis brought on by free-market ideology , would inevitably simply prolong the downturn .
And this , too , was weakened : as the US violated basic human rights like habeas corpus and the right not to be tortured , its longstanding commitment to international law was called into question .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , the US and its allies knew that long-term victory required winning hearts and minds .
Al Qaeda , while not conquered , no longer appears to be the threat that loomed so large in the wake of the 9\/11 attacks .
The legacy will be with us for a long time .
But , while bank profitability and bonuses have returned , lending has not recovered , despite record-low long - and short-term interest rates .
The best government that money can buy is no longer good enough .
Capitalist economies are not self-adjusting : market forces might eventually restore an economy of full employment , as Keynes said , but in the long run we are all dead . Keynes proposed clear prescriptions for hard economic times : expansionary monetary and fiscal policy .
But it is the IMF that should be castigated -- for pushing an economic theory that was rejected long ago .
Given the huge gap , the US will have to grow in excess of its long run potential in order to get back to utilizing its resources fully .
Even with the surprisingly strong growth numbers for the first quarter of the year , most forecasters see growth over 2002 as a whole falling short of its long run potential , and by a significant amount , implying that unemployment will rise .
The first is now over ; the second -- the result of overinvestment in high technology and telecommunications , the sectors that were so important in the boom of the late 90s -- may last considerably longer .
This sharp deterioration in the US fiscal position means that long-term interest rates have fallen little , even as short-term interest rates reached record lows .
Record levels of military expenditures are the only major source of expansion , and while such expenditures may be necessary and do stimulate the economy in the short run , they do not enhance its long-term competitiveness and strength .
The challenge going forward will be to reinterpret these strictures . The prospect of sustained long-term growth and social justice requires that Europe 's new institutions retain sufficient flexibility to reshape themselves as they confront new problems .
With strong exports , it should have no problem meeting its debt obligations , so long as interest rates do not soar to levels that turn a problem into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Fear of these costs , combined with IMF bailouts , kept Argentina from abandoning its currency board long after it was clear that the system could not be sustained .
Argentina seems set to join the long list of countries - Brazil , Korea , Russia , Thailand , and Indonesia - that managed devaluations without runaway inflation .
Where the international community can help Argentina is by opening its doors to Argentine goods , taking the rhetoric of free trade seriously and recognizing that trade can be an important instrument not only for long-term growth , but also for economic recovery .
Argentina , long an IMF poster child , was lauded for bringing down inflation and stabilizing its exchange rate .
Bad accounting frameworks always lead to bad information , and bad information leads to bad decisions , with serious long term consequences .
I hope that the Bush Administration will enact policies to strengthen the US economy : a tax cut that might made minimal sense when it seemed that the US had a multi-trillion dollar surplus no longer makes any sense at all .
What mattered was not a company 's long-term strength but its short-term appearance .
Over the last decade-and-a-half , executive compensation in America soared . So , too , did the fraction of that compensation that is tied to a company 's stock price , to the point where the fraction related to long-term performance is quite small .
Or analysts at investment banks that earn large fees from stock offerings may -- as we have seen not so long ago -- tout stocks even when they are dubious about them .
Finally , the uncertainties associated with Japan : will it at long last fix its banking system , and if it does , how negative will be the short-term impact ?
Research suggests that these restrictions did not affect the flow of long-term capital .
On the contrary , they probably encouraged inward flows , as funds that otherwise might have been provided on a short-term basis were induced to remain for longer .
The idea is not merely academic : Australia and New Zealand , in their free-trade agreement , did something along these lines .
There is a long list of central bankers ' homilies that are not supposed to be questioned ; do so and you are exiled from the small circle of those who supposedly know how the world `` really '' works .
At the time , there was some disagreement about how long the downturn would last -LRB- I was a pessimist , and unfortunately I have been proved right -RRB- .
In the long run , governments should run balanced budgets , with surpluses in good years making up for deficits in bad years .
The reason deficit reduction worked in the US in 1993 was that America 's banks , whose balance sheets were weak , had large holdings of long-term bonds , the value of which increased as long-term interest rates fell .
The fall in interest rates , which spurred business investment , was in part due to the long-term deficit reduction strategy .
Keynes famously retorted that in the long run we are all dead .
Moreover , the longer-run prospects are far from rosy : with investment a mere 10 % of what it was in 1990 , even if that investment is better allocated , how can growth be sustained ?
In the long run , we should be concerned not just with the pace of economic growth but with the type of society that is created .
To Russia 's so-called reformers , the enormous concentration of ownership in Russia that emerged in the 1990 's is of no concern , so long as it generates growth .
A focus on inflation may make sense for countries with long histories of inflation , but not for others , like Japan .
Some argue that in the long run there are no tradeoffs .
But , as Keynes said , in the long run , we are all dead .
While free marketers rail against industrial policy , in the US the government actively supports new technologies , and has done so for a long time .
More recently , oil companies have demonstrated little conscience in providing money that feeds guerrilla movements -- so long as their own interests are preserved . When , in Angola , one brave firm , BP , wanted to do the right thing by trying to make sure that oil royalties actually go to the government , rather than to corrupt officials , other oil companies refused to go along .
In South Africa , it was arguably the economic pressure brought by sanctions which eventually brought down the racist Apartheid system ; but by the same token , it was economic support from the outside -- including loans from multinational banks -- which kept the system going for so long .
Within the developed countries , there has long been concern about such behavior -- so-called `` predation '' -- and well-defined standards have been developed .
Confidence in the Euro , along with mounting evidence of America 's economic mismanagement , provided an opportunity for Europe to lower interest rates to stimulate growth .
The National Bureau of Economic Research , the non-profit organization that has long been responsible for marking the beginning and end of America 's recessions , has finally declared that the recession that it said began in March 2001 is over .
Non-economists find it hard to understand why it took the NBER so long to decide that the US recession was over .
More importantly , if the recession is over -- and has been for so long -- why do n't Americans feel any better ?
More and more workers have joined the ranks of the long-term unemployed -- out of a job so long that they are no longer eligible for unemployment benefits .
No longer are programs simply a matter between the IMF , central bank governors , and finance ministers .
Short run concerns , however , should not distract the G-7 from long run issues .
Coordinating economic policies between north and south is the most important of these because the world is facing here not a short slowdown , but a long term crisis .
In the longer run , the G-7 countries will benefit , and they will undermine the charge of hypocrisy leveled at the rich by developing countries .
For this reason , coming to terms with the illegitimate privatizations of the 1990 's , which are at the root of wealth inequality in Russia , is something that still needs to be done -- and not only as a matter of justice ; it is important for the long-term performance of Russia 's economy .
For if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains , it is not hard to imagine someone like Khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside his business empire -- cashing in his Yukos shares , parking his wealth in a safe haven offshore , and using it to manipulate Russian politics .
Just before last year 's trade talks in Cancun , the US made some concessions , so that it was no longer the only holdout .
But America 's intransigence in this area is sparking protests in countries facing the `` threat '' of such an agreement , such as Morocco , and is forming the basis of long-lasting resentment .
But at least it now recognizes that capital market liberalization - - long the centerpiece of its agenda - did not bring developing countries faster growth , only more instability .
Suddenly Americans - long champions of globalization - seem concerned about its adverse effects on their economy .
The laws of economics , they assert , ensure that in the long run there will be jobs for everyone who wants them , so long as government does not interfere in market processes by setting minimum wages or ensuring job security , or so long as unions do n't drive up wages excessively .
In competitive markets , the law of demand and supply ensures that eventually , in the long run , the demand for labor will equal the supply - there will be no unemployment .
But as Keynes put it so poignantly , in the long run , we are all dead .
But this argument no longer seems convincing .
But a majority of even highly training engineers and scientists are involved in what is called `` ordinary science , '' the important , day-to-day improvements in technology that are the basis of long-term increases in productivity - and it is not clear that America has a long-term competitive advantage here .
Had Bush only gone along with the democratic processes enshrined in the UN Charter , the trauma of Iraq need not have occurred .
Now that rich countries no longer need to worry about losing the developing world to Communism , they have an opportunity to redefine the global economic order according to the same principles on which they built successful national economies : fair competition and social justice .
Only such a culture - one that undermined the longstanding presumption that an accused person is innocent until proven guilty - could produce the Bush administration 's niggling legal distinctions concerning what is and what is not torture .
There is a growing recognition that the values he and his administration reflect are the antithesis of what America has long stood for - the values of an open society , in which differences of view are freely debated within a culture of civility and mutual respect for the rights of all .
But long-term relationships are based on friendship and respect ; coherent , well-argued positions will earn that respect .
The returns from education , too , can be increased , if more individuals live longer because of better health care .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has promised that the G-8 meeting on July 6-8 at Gleneagles , Scotland , which he will chair , will focus on two of the most important and longstanding global problems -- Third-World poverty and global warming .
Developing countries have long provided a vital global public good : maintaining global environmental assets .
The Asian disaster showed the ability of those affected to overcome long-standing rifts , as Aceh rebels put down their arms in common cause with the rest of Indonesia .
By contrast , the disaster in New Orleans -- and elsewhere along America 's Gulf Coast -- exposed and aggravated such rifts .
Shortsighted politicians like Bush often skimp on long-term investments in favor of short-term advantage .
Perhaps Bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office -- and would be felt more by poor , low-lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
But if that were the objective , clearly a long list of countries should have been drawn up , and it is hardly certain that Iraq would have come out on top .
Many forces behind the boom of the 1990 's , including advances in technology , were set in motion before Bill Clinton took office -LRB- just as the legacy of President George W. Bush 's deficits will be felt long after he leaves -RRB- .
Unfortunately , many countries have committed themselves to precisely this illusion , and it may be a long time before they take heed of Greenspan 's most important lesson .
Two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005 .
First , while the US Federal Reserve continued hiking short-term interest rates , long-terms rates did not increase in tandem , which allowed housing prices to continue rising .
The main risk in 2006 is that America 's long-brewing problems come to a head globally : investors , finally taking heed of the large structural fiscal deficit , the yawning trade gap , and the high level of household indebtedness , may pull money out of the US in a panic .
With that is coming a long overdue re-examination of the role of government .
Airlines and airports may have made more profits in the short run , but they , and the American people , lost in the long run , as we now know , to our horror .
Indeed , because Bolivia 's Constitution requires the approval of Congress for such sales , it is n't clear that Morales is nationalizing anything : the assets were never properly sold . When a country is robbed of a national art treasure , we do n't call its return `` re-nationalization , '' because it belonged to the country all along .
Even if they do , they will need assistance , not only to extract their resources , but also to improve the health and education of all Bolivians -- to ensure long-term economic growth and social welfare .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
The failure hardly comes as a surprise : The United States and the European Union had long ago reneged on the promises they made in 2001 at Doha to rectify the imbalances of the last round of trade negotiations -- a round so unfair that the world 's poorest countries were actually made worse off .
Indeed , I have complained so loudly and vociferously about the problems of globalization that many have wrongly concluded that I belong to the anti-globalization movement .
But I believe that globalization has enormous potential -- as long as it is properly managed .
The questions posed by young French workers , who wonder how globalization will make them better off if it means accepting lower wages and weaker job protection , can no longer be ignored .
Growing inequality in the advanced industrial countries was a long-predicted but seldom advertised consequence of globalization .
The looming failure of the Development Round of trade talks and the long delay in the United Nations Security Council 's demand for a ceasefire in Lebanon are but the latest examples of America 's contempt for multilateral initiatives .
Written under the leadership of Sir Nicholas Stern of the London School of Economics , who succeeded me as Chief Economist of the World Bank , the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming , but whether we can afford not to .
The Phelps Factor On December 10 , Edmund Phelps , my colleague at Columbia University , received the Nobel Prize in economics for 2006 . The award was long overdue .
That view belongs to a school of modern macroeconomics that assumes rational expectations and perfectly functioning markets .
Indeed , statistical studies find virtually no evidence of significant adverse effects of increases in inflation , so long as it remains low to moderate .
It is now no longer clear how long this can continue without a loss of confidence .
After all , the driving motivation of the EU 's founders was long-lasting peace .
China has long invested heavily in higher education and technology ; now it is striving to create world-class institutions .
It is hard to believe that he will stay on much longer at the World Bank , and it is time to start thinking more closely about the future of that institution .
From the first , I was critical of the way he was chosen because I have long opposed the `` old boy '' agreement between the United States and Europe , by which the US always appoints the head of the World Bank and Europe the head of the IMF .
In the midst of a crisis , no one knows how far an economy will drop or for how long .
With the IMF so dominated by the US -LRB- it is the only country with a veto -RRB- and Europe -LRB- which , by custom , appoints its head -RRB- , the Fund was long seen as representing the interests of international creditors .
In the global growth league tables , Malaysia is in the top tier , along with China , Taiwan , South Korea , and Thailand .
Though every crisis eventually ends , no one knew at the time how broad , deep , and long the ensuing recessions and depressions would be .
It is therefore ironic to see the US Treasury Secretary once again pushing for capital market liberalization in India -- one of the two major developing countries -LRB- along with China -RRB- to emerge unscathed from the 1997 crisis .
The question is no longer whether we can afford to do something , but rather how to control emissions in an equitable and effective way .
The US and China are in a race to be the world 's worst polluter ; America has long won the contest , but in the next few years , China will claim that dubious honor .
The timing of the conference is not propitious . George W. Bush , long a skeptic about global warming , and long committed to undermining multilateralism , remains America 's president .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
Developed countries need only figure out the minimum price they have to pay developing countries to go along .
For America today , the real question is only whether there will be a short , sharp downturn , or a more prolonged , but shallower , slowdown .
And , of course , the bleeding will continue as long as the war continues , with the health care and disability bill amounting to more than $ 600 billion -LRB- in present-value terms -RRB- .
But , at least since Keynes , we know how to stimulate the economy more effectively , and in ways that increase long-term productivity and enhance living standards .
Moreover , money spent on the Iraq war does not stimulate the economy today as much as money spent at home on roads , hospitals , or schools , and it does n't contribute as much to long-term growth .
So long as developing countries remain integrated into the global economy -- and do not take measures to restrain the impact of international prices on domestic prices -- domestic prices of rice and other grains are bound to rise markedly when international prices do .
Indeed , this year 's Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan and last year 's BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico have taken their place alongside older problems , such as ozone depletion .
But we must not lose sight of the longer-term challenges that will remain after the storm abates .
Second , for those not qualifying for the new instrument , the Fund 's workhorse lending facility , the Stand-By Arrangement , will be made more flexible along several dimensions .
Now Taiwan has become something of a diplomatic afterthought because it no longer makes trouble . At the US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , indeed , Taiwan was barely mentioned , as North Korea , Iran , and the value of the renminbi claimed the most attention .
China has long threatened to use force if the international community should formally recognize Taiwan 's independence .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
They belonged to the Fourth Army , headed by Zhang Guotao , Mao 's archrival .
Even many of the poorest countries seemed , at long last , to be joining in , posting strong growth on the back of rising energy and raw material prices , renewed mining investments from abroad , and increasing fiscal revenues .
Institutionalizing a mechanism for broad-based international economic surveillance and policy coordination will be an important longer-term goal , but at this point , world leaders urgently need to rebalance global demand and improve the management of the exchange-rate system .
But , as we respond to the current humanitarian emergency due to higher food prices , we must not lose sight of the longer-term problems that have undermined food security in recent decades .
Falling asset prices in other financial market segments , following the sub-prime mortgage meltdown in the United States , may be more important for explaining the recent surge in food prices than supply constraints or other factors underlying longer-term gradual upward price trends .
But , as with the original plan , the long-term returns from such a commitment will be enormous .
This not only impaired long-term growth , but also increased food insecurity .
Critics suggest that QE2 is really intended only to create inflationary expectations and thus encourage acquisition of more risky assets by reducing rates on Treasury bills with longer-term maturities -LRB- 5-7 years and 7-10 years -RRB- .
Understandably , China has resisted , probably mindful of the post-1985 yen appreciation 's association with the end of Japan 's four-decade-long post-war boom .
The UN and others have long drawn attention to global imbalances .
As the economics commentator Martin Wolf has noted , `` The fiscal challenge is long term , not immediate . ''
While these undoubtedly need to be addressed in the longer term , prioritizing them now effectively stymies stronger , sustained recovery efforts .
The outrageous increases in financial executives ' remuneration in recent years , which can not be attributed to increased productivity , have exacerbated the financial sector 's focus on the short term , while worsening its risk exposure in the longer term , thereby exacerbating systemic vulnerability .
A few leaders have invoked the post-World War II Marshall Plan as a model for large-scale European development assistance for the region , the aim being to ensure the sustainability of a democratic transformation and generate long-term political and economic benefits for Europe .
But if Europe allows itself to be consumed by the short-term crisis , it risks squandering an extraordinary long-term opportunity .
Of course , if Europe helps North Africa build sustainable , prosperous democracies , this would be the greatest long-term deterrent to illegal migration of all .
By preventing a new division of the Euro-Asian region into successes and failures , the EU will make a substantial investment in its own long-term security .
The manufacturing sector , squeezed by stagnating productivity and competition from China and other low-cost producers , is no longer competitive .
Of course , Prodi could preserve a bipolar political system -- and thus increase the longevity of his government -- by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability .
The US economy , it should be remembered , finished 2002 with an annual growth rate of 2.5 % -- above the long-run trend estimated for the Euro area by many experts , including the European Central Bank .
Looking ahead , this is of crucial importance , because the long-term economic well being of any country depends on steady productivity growth .
But in the long run it could become very slippery .
This is why the electoral college idea is so important : it allows for a gradual transition towards a regime that is desirable in the long run .
Under the current system , Italian governments achieve little , but at least they last longer .
There has been a surge in euro-denominated international bonds , but the liquidity of foreign-exchange markets is no higher for the euro compared to the national currencies it replaced , and the euro remains a long way from challenging the supremacy of the dollar .
This suggests that taxpayer assets will no longer back government debt , at which point confidence in the JGB market is likely to shatter .
But around 2015 , China will face a third dramatic change -- a demographic shift reflecting the effects of its long-standing one-child policy .
At that point , government debt will no longer be backed up by taxpayers ' assets .
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China , whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries -- and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region .
Frustrated by the long-ruling LDP 's poor political and economic management , voters opted last year for change at the top .
Government debt will no longer be backed up by taxpayers ' assets .
From 2003-2005 , long before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the renminbi appreciated by 20 % .
The earthquake and tsunami have confronted Japan with a profound crisis -- but also with a rare opportunity to undertake the comprehensive reforms that the country has postponed for far too long .
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
That $ 5 trillion dollars is not money invested in building roads , schools , and other long-term projects , but is directly transferred from the American economy to the personal accounts of bank executives and employees .
Nor should they produce any return in the long run , as their business model remains identical to what it was before , with only cosmetic modifications concerning trading risks .
Lula 's government has thought long and hard about how to manage the oil wealth , and has devised a unique program .
Indeed , Brazil 's embrace of an oil-fired future reverses its longstanding policy of reliance on bio-fuels .
But it will no longer be able to condemn the US for not signing environmental treaties , or point a finger at China for its massive output of pollution .
But Japan can no longer afford to be silent or vague about growing global insecurity , as the crisis next door on the Korean peninsula demonstrates .
If Iraq 's oil fields are destroyed or the war is prolonged , surging oil prices will hit Japan and the world economy hard .
In the long term , the European Neighborhood Policy -LRB- ENP -RRB- , the EU 's blueprint for relations with states on its periphery , offers the best chance for nurturing this relationship .
The country 's southwest edge is on the same longitude as the countries of the south Caucasus and Turkey , all of which are already ENP countries or in the case of Turkey an EU candidate .
Kazakhstan already plays a key role in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -LRB- SCO -RRB- , a group that comprises Central Asian countries , along with Russia and China .
The new electoral register was more robust than in many Western countries , with a photo ID picture alongside each elector .
Latin America 's Anti-Chávez Axis BRUSSELS -- The rescue of Ingrid Betancourt and 14 other hostages who had been held for years by FARC guerrillas marks more than a turning point in Colombia 's long war against its drug-running , Marxist guerrillas .
Some in the Bush administration accept this argument , saying that they are happy to see Latin American democracies seeking influence where the United States can not . Latin America , it seems , is no longer held hostage by its demagogues and guerrillas .
They later found themselves on the losing end of a long history of violence between their own separatist forces and the Turkish army , as well as being subjected to an ongoing policy of discrimination and forced assimilation .
But Somaliland 's strategic position near the world 's major oil-transport routes , now plagued by piracy , and chaos in the country 's south , mean that independence should no longer be dismissed out of hand .
· The new state must guarantee that any minorities it drags along -- say , Russians in the Baltic states , or Serbs in Kosovo -- will be decently treated .
They have been a persistent thorn in the side of successive British governments , but at long last Prime Minister David Cameron 's coalition government seems to be seeking to conclude this matter in a fair , humane , and just way .
South Sudan 's mineral wealth could also be substantial , though no one knows because exploration has been impossible for so long .
And , if Iran succeeds in acquiring long-range ballistic missiles , the security threat will become global .
In September 2009 , The Guardian published an article about a company , Quinta Communications SA , owned by a Tunisian-born entrepreneur and long-time business associate of Berlusconi , Tarak Ben Ammar .
COPENHAGEN -- The European Commission recently unveiled long-awaited measures to bring neighboring countries in the Mediterranean and the former Soviet Union closer to Europe .
Attracting neighbors has long been a noble aspiration -- and something of a European specialty .
The problem for Italian officials , as for the other governments concerned by the recent migration flows , is the pressure of right-wing populist parties , which no longer need to be on the defensive .
The genius of modern Europe has consisted in linking long-term stability to the pursuit of ever-deeper economic and political integration .
The middle class has taken charge , while a long-repressed Islamist contender has entered the fray of electoral politics .
Scholars such as Princeton University 's Andrew Moravcsik have long argued that the EU 's legitimacy comes not from the ballot box , but from its ability to provide concrete benefits to citizens .
India , proud of its long-standing democracy and fresh from its own elections , shares a border with Myanmar and can also assist efforts there .
So diplomatic efforts must instead aim to join Americans and like-minded Asians in common cause , to push for steps forward in the medium to longer term .
American leadership -- globally and in Asia -- can no longer be presumed . It must be earned .
If he achieves this , Obama 's long trip will be valuable for Americans , and Asians will realize that it was worth waiting for him .
Moreover , the role and attitude of a rising China must be assessed on a regional basis , particularly given that the long-standing dispute over islets in the South China Sea may be entering a new phase .
They therefore see its rule over them as illegitimate , which is precisely the point : the logic of popular sovereignty requires an idea of collective agency based on a sense of individual belonging that is much stronger than in our lecture audience .
Simply put , are Iraqis too divided , too long oppressed , to develop anything like the sense of common identity and collective agency that popular sovereignty requires ?
Moreover , Obama should resist the urge to approach the bilateral relationship purely in transactional terms , but instead should seek to strengthen India 's long-term capacity to be a productive partner with the US .
Aside from ignorance of the Lisbon Strategy among the public and inaction on long-term reforms among the member states , a second problem concerns the lack of acceptance of the virtues of competition -- the most effective way to ensure quality , innovation , and low prices for consumers .
The reason is clear : it is , thankfully , no longer fashionable to decry colonialism 's evils in assigning blame for every national misfortune .
A similar case can be made about the former Yugoslavia , where lands that existed under Austro-Hungarian rule for 800 years were joined to lands that spent almost as long under Ottoman suzerainty .
The last six months have witnessed a proliferation of incidents along the 2,520-mile -LRB- 4,057-kilometer -RRB- Sino-Indian frontier .
It does n't help that the two countries share the longest disputed frontier in the world , since the LAC has never been formally delineated in a manner accepted by both sides .
The newly globalized India can no longer content itself with mediocrity in this global competition .
A long-time advocate of global nuclear disarmament , India 's moral stand on the NPT enjoys near-unanimous backing within the country .
Congressional action in America was the last act of a long drama , and it cleared the way for US companies to bid for Indian nuclear contracts , an area in which they will face stiff competition from France and Russia .
Minority politicians have long wielded authority , if not power , in its various high offices .
But if she succeeds , she will have overcome a far longer legacy of discrimination .
This episode , along with two climbdowns by Pakistan 's government after public attempts to curb the ISI had been spurned by the Army , confirmed that the civilian government in Islamabad is too weak to challenge the all-powerful military .
That will have a chilling result : as long as a military-dominated Pakistan continues , willingly or helplessly , to harbor the perpetrators of Islamist terror , what happened in Mumbai could happen again &#45; &#45; anywhere .
India , with its 150-million strong Muslim population , has long been a strong supporter of the Palestinian cause and remains staunchly committed to an independent Palestinian state .
This is quite a turnabout for an economy that for years had crept along at what was derisively called the `` Hindu rate of growth '' -- around 3 % -- while much of the rest of Asia shot ahead .
Despite being accustomed to my eyes glazing over at the alphabet soup of international organizations I 've encountered during a three-decade-long United Nations career , I find myself excited by the potential of IOR-ARC .
The Archaeological Survey of India , however , reported the existence of ruins beneath the demolished mosque that might have belonged to an ancient temple .
NEW DELHI -- As stage-managed elections ratify the consequences of three decades of military rule in Burma , the perspective from its neighbor India may help explain why there is continued international acceptance of the country 's long-ruling junta .
India gave asylum to fleeing students and a base for their resistance movement -LRB- along with some financial help -RRB- , and supported a newspaper and a radio station that propagated the democratic voice .
India needed no ethical lessons from a United States and a Britain that have long coddled military dictators in India 's South Asian neighborhood , notably in Pakistan .
Several powerful states , whose growing global role has made them aspirants to permanent seats on a reformed Security Council , will serve alongside India .
India is the only country that belongs to all four .
Before long , the Council will also have to consider the implications of the likely commencement of a US troop drawdown in Afghanistan , another area of direct importance to India 's national security .
But whatever they manage to agree upon , as a long-time UN official I am conscious of how much the UN has already changed since I joined 27 years ago .
The UN can be a much more effective instrument if its member states in the General Assembly and the Security Council are better organized and give clearer directives to us in the Secretariat -- along with the flexibility to carry them out -- and then hold us clearly accountable .
India 's first and longest-serving prime minister , Jawaharlal Nehru , spent his political career instilling in his people the habits of democracy : disdain for dictators , respect for parliamentary procedures , and abiding faith in the constitutional system .
Each tastes different , and does not necessarily mix with the next , but all belong on the same plate .
On one hand , India is a democracy with a long tradition of allowing peaceful protest , including against foreign countries when their leaders come visiting .
When China built the Three Gorges dam , it created a 660-kilometer long reservoir that necessitated displacing two million people -- all accomplished in 15 years without a fuss in the interest of generating electricity .
Indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side -LRB- though this is changing -RRB- , but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers -- outstanding cricketers like the batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar , or the all-rounders Vinoo Mankad and Kapil Dev , who were considered to be among the world 's best players , even if the Indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won .
True , many of these studies document the short-term , and in some cases the long-term , effects of various treatments , and generally with an acceptable trade-off between efficacy and safety .
To increase the speed of the process , patients are recruited by advertising and many trials are subcontracted to specialist trial companies with little or no interest in the long-term welfare of patients .
If so , many more patients should probably be recommended to receive long-term treatment with antidepressants .
Although a long agenda of reforms is beginning to be tackled , first in Germany and , more recently and cautiously , in France , the results are slow in coming and public understanding of the need for change remains limited .
Beginning in the mid-1990 's , the rate of growth in output per hour worked -- a key factor behind the rise in per capita income -- slowed in most European countries while it rose in the US , reversing a decades-long pattern .
PRINCETON -- Can Egypt 's long history help us to understand the uprising , already labeled a revolution , now underway in Cairo , and how it might turn out ?
Will this long history of authoritarian rule now be broken ?
Mubarak 's promise that he would not run for re-election this coming September , which might have mollified his critics two weeks earlier , was no longer enough .
Europe 's leaders will find that improving education and training -- and throwing open hitherto protected markets -- is a long and arduous task .
Another difference with past financial downturns in emerging markets is that investments in the EBRD region -- Eastern Europe , Southeastern Europe , Turkey , and the former Soviet Union -- have turned out to be long term , rather than short-term or speculative .
Western entrepreneurs and investors have increasingly come to view Europe 's east as a part of a -LRB- now broader -RRB- domestic market and have behaved with a longer-term view .
Developing local-currency capital markets is a long-term endeavor that requires the commitment and resolve of a larger group of players .
If disease trends are monitored , along with patients ' responses to treatment and the population 's exposure to risk factors , the success or failure of policies designed to prevent or control chronic diseases can be evaluated , resource allocation can be rationally prioritized , and the public can be kept fully informed of the risks that they face .
Mandatory laboratory reporting of HbA1c results -LRB- along with basic demographic data -RRB- for a defined population -LRB- New York City residents -RRB- allowed New York 's Department of Health to monitor trends in diabetes prevalence , assess testing coverage , and examine health-care use and glycemic control of residents living with diabetes .
He could identify with both groups : he belongs to one and his work has made him intimately familiar with the other .
We also know their leaders ' long-term goals : seize power in Muslim countries and attack the Western states that support secular regimes in the Islamic world .
It might even find , along the way , a new and urgently needed motivation to reinforce its fraying unity .
We need more translations of the ideas and literatures of other countries , more long stays abroad for university students , more teaching of foreign languages and encouragement of study about other cultures , and more confrontation between national memories -LRB- say , between France and Algeria -RRB- .
Of course , the large cartels no longer exist .
The country stands before two distinct paths : uncontrolled and protracted civil violence , political crisis , and institutional collapse , or short-term tension , medium-term accommodation , and long-term stability .
Even longtime friends have taken to poking Uncle Sam in the eye .
In a way , this reveals a paradox of Latin American democracy : exclusive , minority governments that devalue and weaken the state are no longer acceptable , while the rise of personalismo -- a concentration of power and coupled with refractory political tactics -- are bringing about fragmentation and unruly governance .
Colombia may be on the cusp of achieving a long-cherished but oft-postponed dream : domestic peace and diminishing tension with its neighbors .
As long as the `` war on drugs '' remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers , but also for developed countries ' arms industry , the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence -- including extreme manifestations against women -- and weaken the judicial system .
Furthermore , most drugs have not even been studied yet , so there is a long way to go fill in the holes .
Their motives include more efficient use of prescription drugs , along with getting an edge on other PBM competitors .
Absentee agriculture also bolsters national pride -- and pride in traditional diets -- by specializing in vegetables specific to the region . `` For too long our country has been flooded with imported food and Westernized foods , '' Wangari says .
Across Africa , political leaders , long dismissive of rural concerns , have awakened to the importance of agriculture and the role that educated people , even those living in major cities , can play in farming .
NAIROBI -- At long last , Kenya is getting a new constitution , something that had eluded our country for decades , even though almost everyone knew that one was needed .
Kenya 's pursuit of a new constitution has been long and painful .
We can no longer sit back and point fingers at those in government , while at the same time circumventing the law by paying bribes .
As long as Africa is full of such dubious men , applying `` African solutions to African problems , '' as they like to say , will do the continent no good .
They stepped beyond their mandates to provide quick financial support to investment banks , mostly by supplying private banks with liquid instruments in exchange for longer-term and less liquid assets .
The expectation that life will continue along familiar lines is being overtaken by anxiety that the shifts underway will mean huge shocks and difficult adjustments in many parts of the world .
No longer would our ancestors have to content themselves with the food that nature offered - they could start to grow their own , far surpassing nature 's meager supply .
The result is that human beings are no longer really a part of nature - the survival of our species no longer depends on our ability to compete in the Darwinian jungle .
Others are more mundane , involving long-term experiments and observation of smaller ecosystems , such as plots of prairie grass or swamplands .
Russian leaders no longer expect real assistance from the West .
Meanwhile , politics belongs to the elites .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Putin and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo n't work .
All of this is a far cry from using the Red Square platform to compare George W. Bush 's policies to those of the Third Reich , resuming air patrols along the Norwegian coast and into the North Atlantic and the Caribbean , or threatening Poland with deployment of Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad .
Finally , as China has become more confident and assertive , its shadow over Russia has grown longer and thicker .
Obama 's openness and pragmatism have turned the US into a partner , but it is uncertain how long he will stay in the White House and how strong will he will be in the future .
And , as a long-term goal , Putin envisions a close economic relationship between his Eurasian Union and the EU in what he calls a Greater Europe .
Still , there is a long way to go to reconnect freer trade with citizenship and global solidarity .
However , Hong Kong has some distinguishing features , including a very internationally minded and outward-looking government , owing to our close integration into world markets long before globalization became a catchphrase .
Hong Kong 's cosmopolitanism long ago planted the seeds of tolerance and respect in our approach to government .
This means that government can no longer afford to view issues in isolation ; its operations need to be de-compartmentalized and flattened , as well as streamlined .
Collectivization casts a long shadow .
But , while stimulus policies were mostly effective in dealing with the immediate crisis , they did not address the long-term issues that impede growth .
This estimate is an upper bound : once soldiers are no longer free , generals would most likely use them more effectively and hire fewer of them .
His orders list 17 state-owned companies and the powerful ministers and deputy prime ministers to be removed from board chairmanships by July 1 -LRB- he promised a longer list by October 1 -RRB- .
So long as these weapons exist , the threat of their use -- either by accident or through an act of sheer madness -- will remain .
Ukrainians need not wait long to improve their lives .
Belief in a government answerable to the people and in a transparent market purged of insider dealing no longer guides government policy .
No human obstruction can long withstand it .
Ukraine 's energy needs , and thus the certainty of energy supplies across Europe , will never be secure as long as gas transit is in the hands of secretive companies with unknown owners .
Unfortunately , in the aftermath of the Cold War , it has often been assumed that Russia 's hostile intentions have disappeared , and foreign policy toward Russia has been conducted as if traditional diplomatic considerations no longer apply .
At the same time , Russia wants to cater to other markets , notably along its eastern frontier .
If Russia is to be a serious partner for Europe , it must be ready to accept the obligations of stability along with the benefits .
But in its quest to enhance its great power prestige today , Russia seems willing to sacrifice its long term security interests in the region for immediate diplomatic gratification .
Russia has long had the upper hand in Turkmenistan .
It could serve as a powerful force for good in the region , if it stops seeking short term advantage and begins to act in its own long term interests , which will best be served by a prosperous , non-nuclear armed Iran , and a far more open Turkmenistan .
It parrots soothing words about democratic principles , about the need for `` social stability , '' and about signs of long-term economic growth that it alone sees .
Independent , too , of global opinion , which long ago eliminated him from the list of respectable politicians .
But any attempt to prolong Kuchma 's rule will create such a political mess that it is not absurd to fear that Ukraine could follow Belarus and the Balkans of the early 1990 's into outright dictatorship and chaos .
On the other hand , not long after the `` united economic space '' was announced , Russia began to cast covetous eyes on the Ukrainian Black Sea island of Tuszla .
But the short - and long-term implications are quite different .
What about the long run ?
The short - and long-term stories are simplifications , but they nonetheless convey the essence of some critical drivers of price changes .
In the long run , the higher prices that result could become an engine of economic development in the world 's poor rural regions .
As a result , growth in those countries is dependent on US demand , and their industrial sectors have become too large to be compatible with long-term balance .
In any case , rich European countries will suffer a permanent structural decline in manufacturing : much of the decline that we now see in European manufacturing is not the result of temporary economic movements but is part of a long-term adjustment of the industrial sector 's size .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
Unlike prices for coal , which is abundant and dispersed geographically , gas prices are subject to significant volatility , and the long-term trend in the face of fossil fuel depletion is uncertain .
In contrast , coal prices are more stable , and may remain that way for a long time .
Geopolitical changes like the end of the Cold War and , lately , the push for democracy in the Middle East , along with the desire to have `` zero problems '' with Turkey 's neighbors , have created new objectives for Turkish foreign-policy strategists .
However , the unintended consequence of `` more haste '' will often be `` less speed , '' and many will crash along the way .
After 2015 , easily accessible supplies of oil and gas probably will no longer keep up with demand .
The world faces a long voyage before it reaches a low-carbon energy system .
Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains , and the US may conclude that it can not afford that .
Even if President Hosni Mubarak hangs on to complete the remainder of his term , the ruling National Democratic Party 's regime , its legitimacy irreparably shaken , will not survive for long .
But a protracted and incremental process of small steps towards economic and then political reform -- the sequence contemplated by the European Union -- is no longer an option .
Such initiatives should not become bogged down in tortuous negotiations , but should focus on implementing the basic principles for a two-state solution , along the lines proposed by the Clinton administration before it left office eight years ago .
Hamas has already engaged in ceasefire negotiations and should now be brought fully into the peace process , alongside Fatah , but it will , of course , have to abandon its own strategy of force , as expressed through the rockets it has rained down on Israel .
Investors looking to do business in Argentina have long been issued similar warnings .
Not long ago , I met with a group of foreign investors in Argentina . They owned everything from paper mills to department stores and supermarket chains .
A bumpy ride is acceptable as long as the landing is smooth .
Fiscal policy would also be straightened out because the central bank was no longer the lender of last resort .
The world economy will help you as long as you help yourself , policy gurus told Argentina 's politicians .
It will be a long , painful road .
If rich-country central banks can buy long term bonds , then emerging-country central banks can buy dollar-denominated bonds .
The rating agencies have long placed Greek debt deep in junk territory , and are now giving Portuguese and Irish debt the same status .
It is high time for business leaders to be more candid about where their real constituencies lie , and for national politicians to recognize that they can no longer wield control over the giants of today 's European business .
The intervention in Libya also represents a confluence of several longer-term trends .
This explains why the market can look like Keynes 's casino in the short term and like Hayek 's marvel in the long term .
But consolidation to reduce perceived excess capacity in banking and the automotive sector may create long-term anti-competitive market structures .
As long as those structures manage to keep new entrants out , market discipline will be suppressed and the consumer will suffer .
But the most eye-catching estate belonged to a modest officer from the tax services .
In fact , the Chechen war would not have lasted as long as it has if it were n't for corrupt generals , officers , clerks , and policemen who sell weapons and supplies to the rebels .
Nothing worked , because the kolkhoz system was incompatible with high achievement in the long run .
Eichel 's commitment to balancing the budget is certainly important , but balancing the budget is no substitute for a medium and long-term strategic perspective for fiscal policy that promotes sustainable growth and recognizes the need to invest in Germany 's ailing education system .
So long as the campaign 's focus was on economics , Schröder 's government was a clear loser .
For much too long , they saw it as an unhappy accident to be corrected at the first opportunity .
But research shows that virtually anyone with two weeks of sadness feels distressed and is likely to be role-impaired , so in effect this category elevates moderately prolonged normal sadness into a mental disorder .
Today , Pluto remains on the list of planets in science textbooks , and who knows how long it will take for it to be removed .
It will be along time before the `` Dear Leader '' will be able to convince his followers that a stock market , with its demand for corporatization and even privatisation , is at all connected to the primary stage of `` juche . ''
Cabbage stalk soup and grass salad , sad to say , are likely to dominate the diet of North Korea 's long-suffering people for a long time yet .
Globalization stands accused of generating economic instability in developing countries and greatly exacerbating poverty , at least in the short run -- which is the longest period the world 's poor can afford to care about .
Although China is not the only country to enjoy such long-term growth -LRB- post-WWII Japan and South Korea are other cases -RRB- , it is something of a miracle that a once-poor country with one-fifth of the world 's population could achieve such sustained development .
Alliances were established along pro-American or pro-Soviet lines .
Throughout Asian history , the continent 's ancient foundations of power were more sharply divided from one another -- and over much longer time spans -- than in Europe .
But his long rule in his country -- which ends November 1 -- amounts to much more than intemperate remarks , as Wang Gungwu , one of Southeast Asia 's leading strategic analysts , suggests .
Generation-long reigns seem to have served Malaysia exceedingly well since independence .
By 1997 , Mahathir was at the pinnacle of his power , inspiring the country to believe that it would not be long before all of the country 's communities would see themselves as sharing a common Malay nationality .
China has changed dramatically since the mid-1980 's . It 's not just the increase in the number of freeways , billboards , and skyscrapers that disorient long-time visitors .
But Orwell 's critique does n't help in explaining the CCP 's surprising ability to retain power long after the demise of most of the socialist bloc , even in the face of widespread protests , including an estimated 74,000 separate incidents across China in 2004 alone .
During my first post-1989 trip to China , a bartender introduced me to a phrase that perfectly characterized the new official mood : `` Meiyou yundong , shenme dou keyi '' -LRB- As long as there are no political movements , anything goes -RRB- .
And yet , when news broke last month that China had officially replaced Japan as the world 's second-largest economy , instead of crowing about surpassing a longtime rival and having the top spot , held by the US , in its sights , the government issued statements emphasizing that theirs remains a `` poor , developing '' country .
How long must we be prisoners of that historical experience ?
In this area , as in many others , Europe can lead by example and offer an alternative to American -LRB- and French -RRB- constitutional separationism . It can be a living illustration that religion is no longer afraid of democracy and that democracy is no longer afraid of religion .
But , along with continued international pressure from the United Nations Security Council and the International Atomic Energy Agency , they would send a clearer signal that the major powers of the world regard Middle Eastern peace and security as critical to their own .
Indeed , diplomats have long been some of the most proficient social networkers and connectors .
And they have long confronted multiple agendas and constituencies , from those clamoring to influence the League of Nations ' disarmament conferences of the 1930 's to those wielding the megaphones in Copenhagen in December .
Not only does it want to use the opportunity to test the `` reset '' policy with Russia , but it also sees the OSCE as an important component of a longer-term strategy to bring stability and good governance to Eurasia , as the OSCE was in Central Europe .
The Flawed Options in Darfur The long-sought joint peacekeeping force for Darfur , which would combine the existing 7,000-man African Union force with as many as 20,000 additional military personnel and civilian police under UN command , has now been approved .
Indeed , even if foreign troops reduce the violence , peace might last only as long as they remain deployed , since the conflict has evolved from a struggle between rebel groups and the Sudanese government into one between various clans and ethnic groups , with the government intervening on behalf of its allies .
On October 12 , the Russian Navy joined with the Strategic Rocket Forces to conduct a well-integrated exercise involving near-simultaneous testing of three long-range ballistic missiles from separate ground and submarine launch platforms .
The long-term sustainability of Russia 's military revival is also unclear .
Although China is not situated along the `` Northern Route '' through which Afghan narcotics traditionally enter Central Asia and Europe , new trafficking networks have developed since 2005 that transport illicit drugs from Afghanistan through Pakistan and Central Asia into China .
Afghanistan 's long-term economic viability depends on the development of improved transportation , communication , and other networks to better integrate the country into the regional economy .
Attaching `` solar sails '' to the asteroid could cause the Sun 's particles to steer it along a different course .
Although Obama has endorsed the goal of abolishing nuclear weapons , he has described this as a long-term effort , and offered no concrete time-line for achieving it . No date has been set when Obama will ask the Senate to reconsider the CTBT .
It presumes that `` the United States will sustain a safe , secure , and effective nuclear deterrent ... as long as nuclear weapons exist . ''
American START negotiators argued with their Russian colleagues for months to exclude legally binding language that might constrain missile defenses or the use of non-nuclear warheads on long-range ballistic missiles .
Even with the lower ceilings found in the New START Treaty , the US will maintain thousands of nuclear weapons , as well as the long-standing US `` strategic triad '' of intercontinental land-based and submarine-launched ballistic missiles and nuclear-capable bombers .
Al-Qaeda leaders , by contrast , remain wedded to the goal of establishing radical Islamist regimes throughout the Muslim world and waging war against a long list of governments that they see as hostile to this objective .
Besides missile defense , topics could include non-strategic -LRB- tactical -RRB- nuclear weapons ; reserve nuclear warheads that have been removed from operational arsenals , but have yet to be destroyed ; and the placement of conventional munitions on strategic delivery vehicles , such as long-range ballistic missiles , that are normally used to carry nuclear warheads .
Although constraining future US BMD programs with legally binding agreements is politically untenable , US officials could inform their Russian counterparts of their long-range BMD plans without much difficulty .
In most parts of China , farming can no longer sustain a respectable standard of living .
India , long known for gross disparities between rich and poor , has a Gini coefficient that has hovered around 0.30 to 0.32 over the past five decades .
China 's government must acknowledge that deep income inequality and rural poverty is no longer exclusively an economic problem , but threatens social peace and political stability .
The idea that talking about trauma must be better than `` repressing '' or `` bottling up '' accords with a long tradition in psychological treatment - `` better out than in . ''
So we should take a long , hard look at how we manage our resources .
So long as unanimity remains , the more countries that take part in decisionmaking , the bigger the danger of a single veto blocking action .
As to the EU 's executive , the Commission , or at least its president , must be elected - in the long-term it may be elected directly by European citizens , and in the interim , at least by members of the European parliament .
The upcoming parliamentary elections are but an early stage in a long -LRB- perhaps decades-long -RRB- struggle to define the new Egypt .
The starting point for the West in trying to assist Egypt 's transition must be recognition that patient , long-term engagement will be required .
These steps are important , though delivery will be prolonged and the likely impact modest , at least in the near-term .
The FSB , along with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision , has been quietly considering new mechanisms for monitoring implementation of standards , particularly in the context of Basel III rules .
Failing states in Central America When the US Defense Department produced a report in December in which it named Mexico as one as one of two countries -LRB- along with Pakistan -RRB- at risk of rapidly becoming a failed state there was a predictable rejection of its findings in many quarters .
Quite aside from the terrible human and institutional impact , this situation also undermines the long-term economic strategies of Central American governments .
For a long period of time , President Putin 's Kremlin continued the close cooperation with Mr. Lukashenko pursued by President Yeltsin .
It also requires abandoning the longstanding and widespread assumption that understanding science means simply learning a requisite body of facts and problem-solving recipes , and that mastery of those facts is the sole qualification needed to be a science teacher .
In many respects , science education today is similar to medicine during the mid-1800 's , when a new level of scientific rigor confronted long-held beliefs and well-respected traditional medical practices .
The fact that some patients survived bloodletting was no longer good enough .
Even disinfecting water -- the single most important technological advance ever in prolonging human life -- turns out to produce carcinogenic byproducts .
Along with the early euphoria and hype that typically surround the rollout of new technologies , nanotechnology has been the subject of projections concerning its possible environmental risks well before its wide-scale commercialization .
Raising such questions when nanotechnology is still in its infancy may result in better , safer products and less long-term liability for industry .
We do know that when materials resist degradation , they may be present in the environment for long periods of time , and thus have a greater chance of interacting with the living environment . But processes that may lead to the breakdown of nanomaterials , including degradation by bacteria , are virtually unexplored .
Is the US prepared to go along with a reform of the international monetary system that reduces the dollar 's role ?
But the changed international climate , and the possibility of a bout of severe dollar weakness , could convince the US to go along with a conversion scheme that would alleviate excessive pressure on the dollar .
So experimenters will be looking for new particles with the right properties to provide the astronomical dark matter : very long-lived and very feebly interacting with ordinary matter or light .
Half of the world 's top physicists no longer work in their native countries .
It is a severe and prolonged state of mind in which normal sadness grows into a painful state of hopelessness , listlessness , lack of motivation , and fatigue .
To be sure , the prolonged rapid increase in Chinese aggregate demand has been fueled by an investment boom , as well as a growing trade surplus .
These challenges to the non-proliferation regime not only jeopardize the credibility , efficacy , and viability of the Treaty ; they have also cast a long shadow of doubt on the future of nuclear disarmament itself .
In the long run , a global trade agreement will not be completed without India 's engagement .
For too long , the world 's oldest and largest democracies have failed to fulfill the promise of their relationship .
But if Obama seizes what we believe is a rare historic opportunity this could change decisively -- for the long-term benefit of America , India , and the world .
But NATO 's repeated demonstrations of resilience should not blind us to the fact that it no longer provides a healthy basis for the transatlantic security relationship .
As long as NATO 's raison d'être was to keep the Russians out and the United States in , NATO 's internal dynamic of American leadership and European obeisance was both inevitable and appropriate .
As for Europeans , they are unhappy about pressure to participate in a US-led `` global war on terror '' that they regard as dangerous and misconceived , and to go along with policies seemingly designed to antagonize their more difficult neighbors like Russia and the Islamic world .
The real problem is relations between the US and European countries , 21 of which belong to both organizations .
Until the recent Asian accident crisis , the poorest workplace safety record in world history belonged to the United States in the fifty years following the American Civil War .
That is an awakening -- and long overdue -- sentiment in America , and one that spans the political divide .
Then the IDF occupied the TV station itself and destroyed it , along with the team 's computers and cameras .
Yes , some of the warmth I encountered was probably from the novelty of seeing a Westerner so clothed ; but , as I moved about the market -- the curve of my breasts covered , the shape of my legs obscured , my long hair not flying about me -- I felt a novel sense of calm and serenity .
When sexuality is kept private and directed in ways seen as sacred -- and when one 's husband is n't seeing his wife -LRB- or other women -RRB- half-naked all day long -- one can feel great power and intensity when the headscarf or the chador comes off in the sanctity of the home .
Feminists have long argued that rape must be treated like any other crime .
Anonymity for rape accusers is long overdue for retirement .
Likewise , in an age when corporate lobbyists have a free hand in shaping -- if not drafting -- public policies , many people believe , again rightly , that their elected officials no longer represent them . Hence their impulse to believe in unseen forces .
It would be most impressive of all if he understood that that education was at least as important as what she -- along with the boys -- learned at Yale .
Half of states no longer teach civics -- the study of our Republic and how it works -- in middle school .
They also set targets for the environment , because they understood its centrality to long-term economic growth , human development , and the stability of the planet .
Due to congestion , New Yorkers face the longest commutes in the US , and their children have the highest rate of asthma hospitalization .
Farewell to Development 's Old Divides NEW YORK &#45; &#45; The notion of a divide between the rich north and the poor and developing south has long been a central concept among economists and policymakers .
First , we need to increase our efforts to ensure that the Laggards are no longer left behind .
In 1995 , Kobe citizens extricated from the rubble were looked after if they belonged to corporations or religious groups .
The DPJ has had scant time to make up for what the LDP has long neglected .
The first DPJ prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , miscalculated in believing that a face-to-face meeting with the new American president to discuss long-term matters affecting East Asia could settle the issue .
Effective central banking is mostly a matter of managing expectations ; for it is expectations regarding future policy , rather than the current level of overnight rates , that mainly determines long-term rates , other asset prices , and the exchange rate - and hence spending and pricing decisions .
When current overnight rates can no longer be lowered , it is vital that a central bank credibly signal its intention to maintain looser policy in the future , when it will have more room to maneuver .
The key is to create the right kind of expectations regarding how monetary policy will be conducted in the longer term . For expectations regarding policy in the future determine the severity and duration of the output gap that results from hitting the zero bound now .
A commitment to hold down nominal interest rates for a longer period of time should stimulate aggregate demand immediately .
This is true even when current rates can not be lowered any further -- and even if inflation expectations remain unaffected -- owing to the effects of the expected future path of short rates on current long-term interest rates and on the exchange rate .
The current gap between the actual and target price levels should shape private_sector expectations regarding how long interest rates are likely to remain low .
So `` signaling '' effects , such as shifts in the central bank 's portfolio towards long_term securities , could help make the bank 's price-level target credible .
If , say , the central bank starts buying long_term bonds from the private sector at below_market interest rates , this should help convince the public that the bank intends to stick to a future low interest_rate policy .
Such asset shifts would work because the level of long_term interest rates is an indicator of the markets ' faith in the central bank 's commitment to maintaining low short_term rates once inflation returns .
So , if the private sector is skeptical about the bank 's commitment , long_term rates will be too high .
But if the bank buys long-term bonds , it will tend to show that skepticism is unwarranted .
In the long run , as labor shortages become acute , China will need to relinquish some low-end , labor-intensive manufacturing activities , which will translate into decelerating export performance and lower economic growth .
He emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses , in education , or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term .
Latin Americans have long regarded real estate as a long-term asset and as protection against inflation .
The challenge , therefore , is to combine long-run discipline with short-run flexibility .
It needs to deliver price stability in the long run while being flexible enough in the short run to deal with business cycles .
Each country should regain full control of its fiscal policy but delegate its macroeconomic component , decisions about deficits or surpluses , to an independent Fiscal Policy Committee given the long-run mandate of stabilizing , or in some countries reducing , the size of the public debt .
Amazing as this turn of events seems , it has been long in the making .
Not interested in geopolitical power -- a legacy of its Nazi past -- Germany was content to back France 's ambitions as long as the Common Market allowed it to be Europe 's economic powerhouse .
Moreover , Germany is increasingly interested in exercising political influence on its own ; as a result , it is no longer happy with what it gets from the alliance with France .
Here is a country that has long cherished its `` exception '' from the normal rules of market economics , a foggy view that rejects both central planning and free markets and claims to offer a well-balanced middle ground .
The European Constitution has little to do with any of these challenges , but a majority of French people has started questioning the strategy that has long masked France 's diminishing status .
The Nordic countries are high-tech leaders ; Spain has slashed its unemployment rate by half -LRB- it stood at 25 % not so long ago -RRB- ; and the new members from Central and Eastern Europe are cruising briskly along a steady catch-up path .
Today , many people now long for that period , which they see as less driven by material values .
But Sarkozy is not quite turning France , long a country hostile to supply-side reform , into what many would consider a normal economy .
Once there , traditional monetary policy becomes impotent , as the interest-rate tool is no longer usable .
Control also relies on the demography of internet users , most of whom belong to China 's economic elite and are more likely to adopt the internet as part of a newfound consumer lifestyle than as a tool for political or social revolution .
The procedure abolishes the Liquidation Team , a long-standing regime that many alleged was unjust , aggressive in administrative intervention , unprofessional , and unaccountable .
Rulers who rely mostly on military or economic might divorced from morality , he argued , can not achieve long-term success on the international stage .
More importantly , Hamas can demonstrate that its leaders have been on the front lines during this war , sharing Palestinian suffering ; many have been killed , along with their families .
But Kuwait shows that there will invariably come a moment when holding onto feudal ways is no longer an option .
Unfortunately , such repression has been merely reactive and shortsighted , with no clear long-term vision about the nature of Islamic education in the West .
With democracy in most of the region still a long way off -- indeed , perhaps a more distant prospect now than five years ago -- US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice repeats her mantra that the dead civilians of Beirut , Sidon , Tyre , and Gaza represent the `` birth pangs '' of a new Middle East .
So Prince Turki al-Faysal , the long time head of Saudi intelligence , has met with Meir Dagan , the head of Israel 's Mossad , while Bandar met with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in Jordan the same month .
But to keep them there in the long term , the Iraqi government will need to amend the constitution in a way that appeases the Sunni community .
To avoid this fate , the EU 's commitment in Lebanon needs to be supplemented with a nuanced political strategy that seeks to avoid isolating Lebanon 's long suppressed Shia population .
In the short term Russia armed with high oil prices has nothing to lose but in the long term , Russia 's policy in the Middle East appears to be doubly misguided .
Indeed , the empowerment of Iraq 's long-suppressed Shia has raised expectations among Saudi Arabia 's Shia that they , too , can gain first-class status .
The Saudi religious establishment has long been on alert to this rival and threatening entity .
In the wake of the Taliban 's ouster in Afghanistan , bin Laden and his followers have come to regard Yemen , alongside Pakistan , as a haven .
Saudi Arabia 's traditional `` soft power '' foreign policy tools -- lavish spending of oil money and da ` wa , `` the Call '' -- are no longer effective .
Managing social and political inclusion is not difficult for states blessed with an advantageous position along one of the world 's major trade routes , traditions of cosmopolitanism and commerce , massive oil wealth , and small national populations .
Oil is not a reliable deterrent to democracy in the long term , owing to price volatility and the development of alternative energy sources .
As for those who rely exclusively on oil for continued stability , delaying democratization will lead to violence in the long term .
Unless sectarian politics are replaced by inclusiveness , all of the region 's `` f-states '' types of states will remain in a condition of prolonged turbulence .
Indeed , Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries , alongside Pakistan and the United Arab Emirates , to form diplomatic relations with the Taliban government .
Tribal leaders have joined the protesters . Even close allies who belong to Saleh 's own Hashid tribe , such as Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar , have abandoned him .
Now , even his long-term protector , the United States , seems to be abandoning him .
America 's credibility , already low in Yemen , has hit rock bottom ; its leaders ' words are no longer taken at face value .
In particular , can it defeat the Salafi\/Wahhabi thought that has long nurtured Osama bin Laden and his ilk , and which remains the professed and protected ideology of Saudi Arabia ?
Indeed , despite the decade of the West 's war on terror , and Saudi Arabia 's longer-term alliance with the US , the Kingdom 's Wahhabi religious establishment has continued to bankroll Islamic extremist ideologies around the world .
Since January 2011 , images of millions of women demonstrating alongside men have been beamed around the world by television journalists , posted on YouTube , and splashed on the front pages of newspapers .
Now the Kingdom 's longtime protector , the United States , which let down Abdullah by -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- embracing the Arab Spring , is poised to pull its troops out of neighboring Iraq .
Saudi Arabia , along with its Sunni-ruled Gulf neighbors , is anxious that some US troops remain in Iraq to help keep a resurgent Iran at bay .
No Iraqi political faction wants to be blamed for prolonging the occupation , but most , with the exception of Muqtada al-Sadr 's movement , will agree to extend America 's military presence by another five years .
The Saudis even spent billions of dollars to build a security wall along its vast border with Iraq , in order to contain the violence that it was exporting there .
But the Bush administration chose to ignore and bury the evidence of any state involvement . The long-term bilateral relationship , based on the Kingdom 's custodianship of the holy oil fields , was not to be disrupted .
The worldwide attention and criticism that the 9\/11 attacks brought to Wahhabism put the Saudi royals on the defensive about the religious creed that had long legitimized their regime .
Perhaps if the Saudi royal family could grasp that simple fact , it would no longer need to deny the true sources of the Kingdom 's insecurity .
Did the bombings that rocked Riyadh shock the al-Saud royal family from its complacency at long last ?
Their message to the rulers is that it will no longer suffice to identify being Saudi exclusively with being Wahhabi Najdi .
Meanwhile , the Hijazis , who originate in Mecca and Medina , hold long-repressed resentments due to their humiliating partial inclusion in Saudi politics .
Despite long simmering feelings of resentment and dispossession , these ` minorities ' remain moderate in their demands for reform .
The al-Saud have procrastinated so long that every choice they now face is risky .
The story of the Al Saud 's succession struggle is no longer whispered behind closed doors .
That is no longer true of the thousands of princes that they produced .
The Death of King Fahad Saudi Arabia 's decade long royal death watch is over .
King Fahad , the longest-serving king in Saudi Arabia 's history -LRB- 24 years -RRB- , is dead . For six weeks , the King lay in a hospital fighting death , something he has done , in reality , ever since he suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago .
From Egypt to Lebanon to Iran , political passions are mounting , along with a renewed optimism .
The direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom Abdullah chooses to name as the successor to Prince Sultan , Naif 's chief ally who has already been named Abdullah 's heir .
The long-term result of all this is oscillation between dialogue and deadlock , which has led to periods of uncertain engagement or heated confrontation .
He observed that the Korean temperament is a product of long , harsh Siberian winters and hot , humid summers , with only short springs and autumns .
Sadly , that seems to be the case in Russia , where the government has chosen the first period of prolonged economic growth since communism 's fall -- with the budget in surplus and capital flight seemingly reversed -- to re-open the oligarch wars of the 1990 's .
Optimists beware : the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky -- and the freezing of his shares in oil giant Yukos -- will have a profound long-term impact on Russia 's economy and on relations between business and government .
But long-term prospects are certain to deteriorate .
Reduced business activity , with long-term investment projects being canceled , seems just as certain . A lower rate of economic growth thus seems inevitable .
My longstanding skepticism about this promise has now hardened into certainty : the Yukos affair will make it impossible to sustain the growth rate required to achieve this goal because the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and the seizure of his assets has dealt a devastating blow to business confidence .
They will not last for long while being spent -- mostly in defense of the ruble -- at the current pace .
But how long can such a situation last ?
One day , it will no longer be possible to disguise unemployment through shorter working weeks , forced leaves of absence , and decreases in wages .
There was a general feeling that this long conflict was being resolved .
Beyond the Gaza Ceasefire TEL AVIV -- Finally , the long-sought truce between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip has become a reality .
An immediate break in the hostilities is therefore more important than a chimerical long-term `` capitulation . ''
To be sure , if this new truce is merely technical , if efforts are not made to stabilize and consolidate it , it could become just one another in a long string of bitter episodes .
What sense would it make to bring back millions of Palestinians into a state whose character and symbols are foreign to them -- a state where the majority belongs to another ethnic group ?
Are they to go back to homes and farms that no longer exist ?
And any attempt to destroy militarily Iran 's nuclear potential could entangle Israel in a prolonged and exhausting struggle that might unite all the enemies of the Jewish state .
By contrast , Israeli or American military action against Iran would risk worsening the situation , prolonging and intensifying the suffering in this very sensitive region of the world .
Even as development improves conditions , however , reducing carbon emissions would become increasingly important over the longer term as the impact of climate change become more severe .
The Korean Peninsula , however , remains divided along ideological lines , and the two Koreas co-exist as living remnants of the Cold War .
But in April and May 2009 , they threw diplomatic caution to the wind , launching a long-range rocket -LRB- as well as various missiles -RRB- and conducting a second nuclear test -- all in the space of several weeks .
Finally , long-term mismanagement and international sanctions have pushed the North Korean economy to the brink of collapse .
A more fundamental , long-term strategy is needed to face the new reality and achieve lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula .
SEOUL -- The long-delayed meeting of North Korea 's ruling Worker 's Party is now underway , and comes at a time of severe tension between North Korea and the international community .
The past two decades have shown that `` politically correct '' decisions do not produce the `` right '' results , even in the long run .
In addition , the institutions created in the days following WWII no longer seem effective enough to meet the new challenges of the global economy , and thus have lost some of their legitimacy .
Because , as Immanuel Kant noted long ago , states with democratic political systems tend not to fight with each other , democracy should be encouraged in order to secure peace .
Pursuit of a Pax Democratia has long been embedded in American foreign policymaking .
Indeed , the European Union is the fruit of a long , continuous effort to strengthen common norms and rules among European states .
If Assad decides to scuttle the presidential election in order to strengthen Syria 's hold in Beirut , then the party will go along .
While expansionary policies have succeeded in ensuring a V-shape recession , their medium and long-term effects are worrisome .
But infrastructure is a long-term investment , revenues from which will be lower without accompanying investment in manufacturing capacity .
All in all , the negative impact of the Chinese government 's crisis-management measures on China 's long-term growth may be serious if the authorities fail to tackle the economy 's structural problems head on .
China 's foreign-exchange reserves , indeed , are facing a triple whammy : a decline in the US dollar 's purchasing power , a fall in the prices of US government securities , and possible inflation in the longer run .
But there is no question whatsoever that the US dollar will go south in the long run -- a depreciation that started in April 2002 and , after a short interval , resumed in March 2009 .
Income distribution has skewed in favor of the rich for too long , and the government has failed to provide decent public goods .
But the longer the delay , the more painful it will be .
In that case , the UK might no longer grow at 2.75 % annually , but say at closer to 2 % .
Only a coordinated global response can guarantee that in the long run people from the poorest billion will visit Europe as tourists and business partners , not as asylum seekers .
ACCRA -- When you fly into Takoradi , Ghana 's fourth largest city and an industrial and commercial center , one of the first things you notice are the oil rigs along the coast .
Thanks in part to the efforts of celebrities like Bono and Bob Geldof , some African countries were absolved of their long-standing debt a few years ago .
African countries could also choose the Norwegian model , which established the principles that natural wealth belongs to all citizens , including the unborn , and that all mining deals should be completely transparent to the public .
Under the Fourth Geneva Convention , the responsibility for protecting civilian populations in an occupied country belongs to the occupying forces , which , in this case , are clearly failing to protect Iraqi women .
As I watched , a European next to me explained that such dancing is accepted , so long as the contact between the men is left undefined .
Obama will be on African soil for a mere two days , during which time he is expected to emphasize America 's role in promoting good governance and non-violence in Africa -- goals long high on America 's public agenda .
Not only does the world 's largest telescope network `` belong in Africa , '' says Sune Svanberg , a physicist at Lund University in Sweden . `` Good forces also can join with the African scientist to create many small-scale projects in the region that are realistic to operate . ''
Satellite links have vastly improved Internet access , and a new undersea cable that runs along the coast of Africa -LRB- SAT-3 -RRB- promises to improve and reduce the cost of all types of communications .
Instead of more Madonnas , who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child 's life , Africa needs more Nkhomas : passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children .
The sudden influx of Chinese and Indian technologies represents the `` browning '' of African technology , which has long been the domain of `` white '' Americans and Europeans who want to apply their saving hand to African problems .
African politics has long been the exclusive domain of aristocrats , soldiers , and technocrats .
The most populous and wealthiest of America 's 50 states , California has long been a beacon of opportunity for talented and enterprising people from all over the world .
Now , California faces either an embarrassing federal bailout or a prolonged period of rule by judges , who under California law have the power to vacate labor agreements , abrogate contracts , and generally restructure the state 's financial commitments .
Both Lehman Brothers and Tokyo Electric Power Company -LRB- TEPCO -RRB- were able to increase their profits as long as the risk they were willing to accept did not materialize .
Their management certainly benefited as long as everything went well .
Although they do serve a useful purpose by keeping other players on their toes and raising efficiency through competition , market participants for the most part avoid them , preferring to do business with the Warren Buffetts -- hard-driving businessmen , but known for fair play and creating long-term value .
Indeed , the long dreaded impact of climate change is already upon us .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Pressure for revaluation stems , therefore , not from the real needs of China economy , but from large imbalances in the United States , particularly its long-standing trade deficit , which exceeds 5 % of GDP .
As long as Asia holds its foreign reserves in dollars China 's desire to maintain a stable value for the reminbi will continue to offer tremendous advantages for trade and economic development .
But the political reality is that China 's government favors rapid growth in the short run over the structural reforms needed to sustain long-term economic performance .
Of course , the global imbalances associated with China 's economic rise can take longer to adjust than they otherwise would , simply because the US welcomes it as being in America 's own interest .
But China 's long-term interest , and that of the world , requires that it get serious about domestic structural reform .
Indeed , according to modern development models of finance , whether or not a physical center of finance exists is no longer a meaningful issue .
And , once an inflationary trend emerges and economic growth slows , the steady - as-you go pattern to China 's decade-long boom will be over .
Fortunately , Chinese thinking on North Korea nowadays is no longer monolithic .
When embedded in new and unfamiliar settings , our habitual ways of thinking , feeling , and acting no longer function to sustain the moral compass that has guided us reliably in the past .
With the greater number of medications approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder , along with multiple reports cautioning clinicians against under-diagnosis , it appears that over-diagnosis has become a greater problem than under-diagnosis .
The obvious answer is that we do not have time ; Chapter 11 procedures are generally long and complex , and the current crisis has reached a point where time is of the essence .
When a large financial institution is insolvent , the IMF should take it over , guaranteeing its short-term obligations , but wiping out the shareholders and repaying the long-term creditors only after all the other creditors -LRB- including the IMF itself -RRB- are repaid .
First , it makes certain that the cost -LRB- if the losses exceed the combined value of equity and long-term debt -RRB- is shared by the international community and not only by the country where the institution is located , making the intervention credible even when the sovereign state is not .
First , rigid rules that wipe out shareholders and penalize long-term creditors are a clear deterrent from bankers ' point of view .
As long as the only country to be rescued is Ireland , there is no problem .
That said , the existence of political motivations does not undermine the legitimacy of the new EU investigations , which will be conducted alongside an ongoing inquiry by the United States Justice Department into anti-competitive practices in the trading , clearing , and pricing of CDS in the US .
In fact , the ideological bias of Europeans against CDS might be beneficial in the long term for the development of a better market for CDS , and for derivatives in general .
It is no surprise that the reform process is taking so long .
We will not solve this crisis , or put in place sustainable long-term solutions , by accepting a two-tier world .
We are speeding up grants and long-term , interest-free loans to the world 's 78 poorest countries , half of them in Africa .
This increase is aimed at protecting the poorest and most vulnerable from harm , supporting countries that face borrowing problems because of broken credit markets , and helping to sustain investments upon which recovery and long-term development will depend .
