Declaring that `` Arab popular resistance '' to the American invasion has spread through the region , Assad referred to the increasing numbers of Arab , including Syrian , `` volunteers '' who have gone to Iraq to fight alongside Saddam 's soldiers .
All of this is designed to reinforce one point : the Gaza withdrawal belongs to Hamas .
Hamas finds itself in a difficult position , since its policy calls for strong resistance , alongside politics .
Hu Shuli belongs to the same generation : the journalist whom the Economist magazine calls `` China 's most dangerous woman , '' moved from her first job , with the Party press , to editing Caijng , a business magazine that runs stories on corruption , exposing businessmen and public officials .
Those who really care about reducing poverty should place blame where it belongs : with governments and bureaucracies in many developing countries , especially in Africa and Latin America .
We can not establish an effective social contract without an explicit understanding of our responsibilities towards each other -- and of the rights that emerge alongside those responsibilities .
Today -- sometimes across borders , sometimes within them -- once-unthinkable wealth exists alongside extreme poverty and all its social ills .
Governments at the recent meeting in Doha of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species -LRB- CITES -RRB- voted for a trade ban on Iranian Kaisers , alongside tougher protection for a host of land-living creatures .
On the Palestinian side , this is part of a deeper phenomenon : a longstanding failure to create the institutional structures necessary for nation building .
Alongside Hayek , his colleague at the University of Chicago , Friedman launched a more general intellectual assault on Keynesianism , arguing that any government permitted to regulate the economy in the name of equality posed a threat to individual liberty .
Alongside the debate about the European Union constitution , a debate about European values has also developed .
So he taught them that all land belongs to the state .
He is married to the sister of Tariq al-Fadhli , a Yemeni who fought alongside al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Ladin in Afghanistan .
A fundamentally religious movement for whom the future belongs to Islam , Hamas sees itself as being engaged in a long-term armed struggle for the liberation of all of Palestine .
-LRB- Of course , paradoxes appear every now and then , such as when globalization is advocated alongside demands for stronger censorship . -RRB-
The longstanding stagnation in wages for unskilled labor was attributed to low-cost , labor-intensive imports , ignoring the corollary that Western workers ' consumption of labor-intensive Asian goods offset the effect on real wages .
For example , Sierra Leone , with its small population , excellent Muslim-Christian relations , and uphill struggle to improve its health-care system after the depredations of civil war , has a longstanding relationship with the United Kingdom .
Many proponents of the euro claimed that it would quickly evolve as an alternative reserve currency alongside the dollar , or even replace it , in global markets .
Instead of closing doors , such a redefinition of the statehood bid at the UN would provide the Palestinian leadership with a much-needed symbolic success , including a framework from which to restart negotiations -- a longstanding Palestinian demand .
A longstanding Germanophile , Pius XII was nonetheless anti-Nazi .
The breakthrough in hunting him down came only after the US , even at the risk of rupturing its longstanding ties with the Pakistani army and ISI , deployed a number of CIA operatives , Special Operations forces , and contractors deep inside Pakistan without the knowledge of the Pakistani military .
Tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
Indeed , climate change is now included in all major bilateral discussions , alongside trade , exchange rates , human rights , and energy security .
They are an invitation to assert who one is and where one belongs rather than to a competition of well-defined and comprehensive political programs .
Another consequence is that Britain 's moral standing has been damaged alongside that of the US .
Bankers ' pay soared alongside profits -- indeed , it grew even faster .
Moreover , confusion about environmental cancer risks also results from longstanding , carefully cultivated , and well-financed disinformation campaigns inspired by the machinations of the tobacco industry .
Milton Friedman was not the most famous and influential economist in the world &#45; &#45; that honor belongs to John Maynard Keynes . But Milton Friedman ran a close second .
This order was responsible for bringing more than 10,000 jihadi fighters to Afghanistan to fight alongside Taliban soldiers against the United States in 2001 .
It is time for US citizens to commit themselves to working alongside the Obama administration to turn a new leaf in relations with the Muslim world .
In less than four years , President Bush and his advisers have cast aside much of the longstanding bipartisan consensus under which the United States works through and with multilateral institutions like the United Nations .
In 1951 , French Prime Minister Rene Pléven proposed establishing a European Defense Community -LRB- EDC -RRB- alongside the ECSC .
The global economic crisis , together with the growth of emerging markets , is putting Europe 's longstanding overcapacity problems firmly in the spotlight .
So long as General Mladic and his henchmen do not join Mr. Milosevic in The Hague , we can not believe that the FRY really belongs in the company of democratic European states in respect to the rule of law .
Somewhat more promising is the possible invitation to India to participate in developing , alongside France , Germany , and Britain , the new joint Euro-fighter .
Far more than Nazism , Communism belongs to our common European heritage .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
The euro would , however , have to be accepted as legal tender in the UK , alongside the pound , and in the commonwealth countries , and this would demand close cooperation between the Bank of England and the ECB .
We wish to see Israeli citizens living in peace and security alongside all their neighbors .
Today , under the terms of the ideas set out in that review , the US contemplates the first use of nuclear weapons , and seeks to integrate tactical battlefield nuclear weapons alongside conventional munitions .
All of this looks like classic right-wing revanchism . But within , or alongside it , is a new kind of populism , unclassifiable in traditional terms .
In fact , the flags of many nations fly alongside German .
But fears of `` enemies within , '' such as Russia 's Pasko , or the French , British , and other European Muslims who fought alongside the Taliban , are also gaining ground .
Initially , the Convention refused to include any mention of Christianity or Europe 's Judeo-Christian heritage whatsoever , citing only the Enlightenment tradition , alongside the Greeks and Romans .
Those who work well and benefit society will get high incomes , not those who take what belongs to other people .
More Walls to Fall MOSCOW -- The German people , and the whole world alongside them , are celebrating a landmark date in history , the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall .
The canton of Neuchatel -LRB- one of the 26 mini-states that comprise the Swiss confederation -RRB- lies alongside the French border .
A gene for social skills , we are told , has now entered the fast growing Pantheon of genes `` for '' various human behaviors and dispositions -- taking its place alongside genes for risk-taking , happiness , aggression , and sexual orientation , among others .
More recently , both at Camp David and at Taba in Egypt , Arab negotiators again rejected proposals that would have led to the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel .
The Americans want full EU membership for Turkey -- a longstanding NATO member and close American ally -- while Europeans complain about the Turkish military 's domestic political role .
One read , `` Hakimiyet Allah ` indir , '' which roughly translates as `` Allah rules '' or `` power belongs to Allah , '' a slogan that could be identified with Islamist sentiments .
Networks will be needed alongside organizations .
But not every aspect of financial regulation and macroeconomic performance necessarily belongs in this category .
Freedom belongs to no particular nation or system .
Ukraine belongs to a united European political entity ; the values that Ukraine endorses and that are embedded in its history are European to the core .
Meeting emissions targets in the transport sector would require , alongside reductions in car use , modest increases in walking and cycling .
CJD belongs to the family of what are called prion diseases , a unique group of neurodegenerative diseases that can be transmitted .
Merkel 's new coalition will sit neatly alongside the new Japanese government of Yukio Hatoyama , which is also dedicated to finding a new and peculiarly Japanese model of economic growth .
The French argued for European economic governance alongside the monetary union , but that looked to others as imposing too much French planisme .
In the late summer of 1931 , the dollar , alongside the French franc , appeared to be the strongest currency in the international system .
In the corporate landscape , there is the old , say , Coca Cola , but also alongside it the new , say , Microsoft or Amazon .
Either banks need to default on their senior obligations , or the government will need to default alongside the banks .
Moreover , some informal institutions based on longstanding cultural traditions lead to discrimination and violation of human rights , while undermining the authority of formal institutions like the judiciary , police , or military .
The question is whether Japan 's Self-Defense Forces work alongside America and the world in defense of world peace now , or eventually do so alone in defense of Japan .
Today 's complex security environment , with terrorist attacks by non-state actors occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars , demands a nimble , integrated strategy .
Of course , Russia partly belongs to this region .
Indeed , though the UNPO , to which both belong -- alongside Assyria and the Buffalo River Dene Nation -- has a vaguely Marx Brothers ' air to it -LRB- one expects Freedonia , the mythical country of which Groucho Marx was prime minister , to be on the roster -RRB- , six member states already have left it to join the UN , and Kosovo , now independent if lacking UN recognition , will eventually follow .
But now Ahmedinejad 's opponents are moving to reassert longstanding constraints on the presidency .
Over-reliance on oil revenues , the effect of longstanding international sanctions , and the reluctance of foreign companies to invest in Iran have exacerbated the economy 's structural problems .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
Despite a longstanding taboo against using nuclear weapons , disarmament remains only an aspiration .
Ozawa 's fall can -- but may not -- return Japanese politics to where it belongs : in the hands of its elected leaders .
President Bush 's vision of a state of a free and independent Palestine established in 2005 alongside a safe and secure state of Israel could also be used as a benchmark for fresh talks .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
The main component of the PLO 's agreement with Israel was a five-year interim period during which negotiations were expected to lead to an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel .
Israel has yet to produce a single written document outlining its position on the territory that will become a Palestinian state alongside Israel .
Alongside this effort , vigorous negotiations on a permanent settlement should start immediately .
That process , now as before , must culminate in an independent and democratic Palestine alongside a safe and secure Israel .
AIDS , hunger , armed conflict , and global warming compete for attention alongside government failure , malaria , and the latest natural disaster .
But the jailing of Liu also demonstrates in the starkest terms that China 's neglect of human rights is flowing to the rest of world alongside the mass of Chinese goods .
So continued silence when poets , writers , or lawyers -- people like Shi Tao , Yang Tianshui , and Tan Zuoren -- are treated like criminals will only assure that China 's markets are eventually lost alongside Chinese freedoms .
Daily life under totalitarianism , be it communist or fascist , was routinely based on a deep duplicity whose effects are longstanding .
Consequently , he was aloof from the DPJ 's feud with Japan 's powerful bureaucratic mandarins , who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic\/cabinet system in which the once-ruling Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- passed mandarin-drafted , cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets , almost continuously , for five decades .
With the right governance , Senegal , with its longstanding political stability as a 51-year-old democracy and its strategic position bordering Mauritania , Mali , Guinea and Guinea-Bissau on Africa 's westernmost point , is ideally positioned to serve as the hub for natural-resource development in these countries -- and in Burkina Faso , Gambia , and Niger as well .
Economic growth without social justice merely prolongs the denial of decent living conditions to the majority of Africa 's people for the benefit of a tiny rich minority .
A certain amount of labor-market rigidity may make economic sense for jobs that require firm-specific skills and training , alongside greater flexibility for jobs that require fewer skills .
The `` social rights '' in Part II are seen as compensating voters on the left for , say , enshrining `` competition '' as a fundamental objective of the Union in Part I. But neither provision belongs in the Constitution .
Standing alongside Berlusconi , they did indeed rise , but the tycoon 's star out-shone their own .
This past January , China , alongside Russia , vetoed a Security Council resolution that condemned Burma 's human rights record and called on the government to stop attacks on ethnic minorities , release political prisoners , and begin a transition towards national reconciliation and democracy .
Alongside this focus on improving African governance , we must also put pressure on our leaders to encourage regional integration .
In terms of its historical heritage , economic interest , and ethnic composition , Ukraine belongs to both Central and Eastern Europe .
Nearly three years later , there is only stalemate -- to match the wider stalemate in the search for a Palestinian state that can live alongside Israel .
In 1998 , when France won the Cup for the first time , the three colors of the French flag -LRB- blue , white , and red -RRB- were celebrated alongside with the three colors -LRB- `` black , white , and beur , the skin color of North Africans born in France to immigrant parents -RRB- of the members of the French team .
Under an agreement between the United Nations and Cambodia 's government , 13 foreign judges and prosecutors have now been chosen to serve alongside 17 Cambodian counterparts .
Today , science belongs to a rapidly globalizing world .
In an emotional address during a ceremony earlier this month to commemorate heroes of Zimbabwe 's war of liberation from white minority rule , Mugabe warned the opposition : `` Those who would go together with our enemies abroad can not at the same time want to march alongside us as our partners in the nation-building efforts that are underway . ''
It is a longstanding method of conflict frequently defined as deliberate attack on the innocent with the objective of spreading fear .
To be sure , some of the blame for poor preparation belongs to state and local officials .
In foreign policy as well , both countries ' reputations are burdened with the problems of longstanding disputes over Taiwan and Kashmir .
The new American operational commander in Iraq , Lt. General Raymond Odierno , says that the new efforts will be more evenhanded among Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods , and American troops will stay alongside Iraqi troops in areas that have been cleared .
As a senior foreign ministry official told Emmott in 2007 , `` the thing you have to understand is that both of us -LRB- India and China -RRB- think that the future belongs to us .
Now some American neo-conservatives argue that the US should drop its longstanding support for European integration .
For example , China began pressing territorial claims in the South China Sea , as well as escalating a longstanding border dispute with India .
Among other findings and recommendations , our task force pointed out that in the cases where the IMF found capital-account regulations to be effective , such measures were part of a broader macroeconomic toolkit , and were deployed early on , alongside other measures , not as a `` last resort . ''
It would retain its status alongside the United States ' on the world stage , its territorial integrity would be unquestioned , and it would be left to manage its domestic affairs without outside interference or criticism .
It belongs in the world of nations , and seriously strives for peace with its Arab neighbors and equality for all its citizens .
But , for now , Middle Israel is conducting its creative and affluent life alongside an assortment of Muslim and Jewish fanatics , many of whom are sponsored by the moderate middle 's tax money .
Israel has lost its few capable leaders -- Sharon alongside Begin and Rabin - to assorted calamities .
The Debt Delusion WASHINGTON , DC &#45; &#45; A second big American interest-rate cut in a fortnight , alongside an economic stimulus plan that united Republicans and Democrats , demonstrates that US policymakers are keen to head off a recession that looks like the consequence of rising mortgage defaults and falling home prices .
While climate , geography , and the colonial past share some of the blame for today 's misery , most of the responsibility belongs to those African governments that have behaved so badly .
But Benedict asserted the importance of faith alongside reason and law in safeguarding our civilization .
Carols , church bells , and mangers are still at the heart of mid-winter festivities , alongside the consumer binge .
To be sure , the country 's `` America '' card -- the result of the two countries ' longstanding strategic relationship -LRB- I myself was educated at West Point and fought alongside US troops in the Korean War -RRB- -- must be played carefully and not be taken for granted .
Kouchner did not invent the so-called `` droit d'ingerence , '' which can be rendered in English as the right of intervention . That title belongs to the Italian legal theorist Mario Bettati .
In Europe , sovereignty belongs to the people and does not flow from a transcendent power .
Even though some , such as the British , wished to give the Union as little power as possible , the force of the argument was with those who pressed for political integration alongside economic integration .
And Greek banks and firms lose their creditworthiness alongside their government if markets perceive the latter to be insolvent .
Unlike others , such as my Harvard colleague Martin Feldstein , who argue that Europe is not a natural monetary area , I believed that monetary union made perfect sense in the context of a broader European project that emphasized -- as it still does -- political institution-building alongside economic integration .
The HDI is a measure of development that captures achievements in health and education alongside economic growth .
Indeed , for Lewis , the coexistence of the traditional alongside the modern is what makes development possible .
Undoubtedly , most of the credit belongs to the initiative and hard work Chinese entrepreneurs and laborers .
Today , however , Afghanistan is the scene not only of the War on Terror , but also of longstanding Afghan-Pakistani disputes , the India-Pakistan conflict , domestic struggles in Pakistan , US-Iranian antagonism , Russian concerns about NATO , Sunni-Shia rivalry , and struggles over regional energy infrastructure .
This is why Obama must adopt a bold diplomatic initiative that encompasses the entire region and help resolve longstanding disputes between Afghanistan 's neighbors . Such an initiative must include a comprehensive regional aid and development package .
The overthrow of Saddam was the longstanding pet idea of the neoconservative Project for a New American Century , which was already arguing in the 1990 's that Saddam was likely to achieve a stranglehold over `` a significant proportion of the world 's oil supplies . ''
For example , food prices are increasing alongside soaring oil prices , partly because of increased production costs , but also because farmland in the United States and elsewhere is being converted from food production to bio-fuel production .
All of these technologies will require public funding alongside private investment .
My plea to discuss plans and strategies alongside specific emissions targets might seem to risk impeding the negotiations .
A longstanding sidekick of Cheney , Rumsfeld traveled to Baghdad in 1983 and 1984 at the behest of former Bechtel Corporation President George Shultz , then passing a bit of non-corporate time as US Secretary of State .
The US is not in a position to pacify Baghdad or to protect the UN or others that work alongside an occupying army , even those working in humanitarian activities .
Much of the credit for Brazil 's turnaround belongs not to Lula but to his predecessor , Fernando Henrique Cardoso , who was Brazil 's President from 1992 to 2000 .
Moreover , with the `` democratization '' of aid now underway , we can look forward to increased private efforts alongside official development assistance .
Both countries also possess a fairly educated middle class and intelligentsia alongside more traditional elites .
To be sure , Iran 's longstanding support for regional Shiite groups is paying off .
If Iran and the Arab countries -- and alongside them the US and the international community -- do not manage today 's tensions wisely , the region could enter a period of protracted warfare .
Qatar 's role in bringing about a resolution , alongside that of Turkey in mediating Syrian-Israeli talks , signals a return to pragmatism in Middle East relations .
Given today 's trends , a loose East Asian trade bloc revolving around China -LRB- more likely than Japan -RRB- could emerge alongside US-led and EU-led blocs , all interlinked by a cross-regional patchwork of bilateral and `` plurilateral '' FTAs .
As Director of the International Monetary Fund 's African Department , I witnessed the historic `` completion point '' of the process in Washington , DC , alongside my colleagues from the World Bank .
Furthermore , the Sunni-based , anti-Syrian Future Movement to which Siniora belongs effectively extended this inequity into the present parliament when it overrode the opposition and insisted on conducting the 2005 general elections on the basis of the Electoral Law gerrymandered by Syria in 2000 .
Indeed , he even angered the United States , Taiwan 's only military protector , by his frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to America 's longstanding `` One-China '' policy .
They fear for their own jobs and for their children 's future in a world where they must compete alongside the world 's poorest .
The emerging countries are doing nothing more blameworthy than working towards their place as equals alongside advanced countries .
But alongside those strong grounds for optimism are significant worries .
Maybe real estate prices are unlikely to fall to pre-boom levels because the fundamental change in perceptions concerning capitalism 's triumph will be longstanding .
There has been a longstanding discussion about whether new derivative markets , which provide such financial hedging , tend to increase preexisting financial markets ' volatility .
It is n't clear that using antibiotics in these circumstances prolongs life , but even if it did , one would have to ask : what is the point ?
Last year , when speaking to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs , he called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security , and say : `` You matter to us .
Indians died alongside Americans and others in the World Trade Center .
As the ECB belongs to all euro countries , they would all bear the loss .
That is why the need for the next step in European integration must be clearly acknowledged alongside implementation of the EU 's crisis-resolution mechanism .
And , as heavily indebted countries are pushed towards insolvency , nationalist political parties -- for example , Finland 's True Finns -- have grown stronger , alongside more established counterparts elsewhere in Europe .
And this , too , was weakened : as the US violated basic human rights like habeas corpus and the right not to be tortured , its longstanding commitment to international law was called into question .
For if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains , it is not hard to imagine someone like Khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside his business empire -- cashing in his Yukos shares , parking his wealth in a safe haven offshore , and using it to manipulate Russian politics .
Only such a culture - one that undermined the longstanding presumption that an accused person is innocent until proven guilty - could produce the Bush administration 's niggling legal distinctions concerning what is and what is not torture .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has promised that the G-8 meeting on July 6-8 at Gleneagles , Scotland , which he will chair , will focus on two of the most important and longstanding global problems -- Third-World poverty and global warming .
That view belongs to a school of modern macroeconomics that assumes rational expectations and perfectly functioning markets .
Indeed , this year 's Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan and last year 's BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico have taken their place alongside older problems , such as ozone depletion .
Indeed , Brazil 's embrace of an oil-fired future reverses its longstanding policy of reliance on bio-fuels .
The new electoral register was more robust than in many Western countries , with a photo ID picture alongside each elector .
Several powerful states , whose growing global role has made them aspirants to permanent seats on a reformed Security Council , will serve alongside India .
India is the only country that belongs to all four .
He could identify with both groups : he belongs to one and his work has made him intimately familiar with the other .
Meanwhile , politics belongs to the elites .
Hamas has already engaged in ceasefire negotiations and should now be brought fully into the peace process , alongside Fatah , but it will , of course , have to abandon its own strategy of force , as expressed through the rockets it has rained down on Israel .
It also requires abandoning the longstanding and widespread assumption that understanding science means simply learning a requisite body of facts and problem-solving recipes , and that mastery of those facts is the sole qualification needed to be a science teacher .
In the wake of the Taliban 's ouster in Afghanistan , bin Laden and his followers have come to regard Yemen , alongside Pakistan , as a haven .
Indeed , Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries , alongside Pakistan and the United Arab Emirates , to form diplomatic relations with the Taliban government .
Since January 2011 , images of millions of women demonstrating alongside men have been beamed around the world by television journalists , posted on YouTube , and splashed on the front pages of newspapers .
My longstanding skepticism about this promise has now hardened into certainty : the Yukos affair will make it impossible to sustain the growth rate required to achieve this goal because the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and the seizure of his assets has dealt a devastating blow to business confidence .
What sense would it make to bring back millions of Palestinians into a state whose character and symbols are foreign to them -- a state where the majority belongs to another ethnic group ?
African countries could also choose the Norwegian model , which established the principles that natural wealth belongs to all citizens , including the unborn , and that all mining deals should be completely transparent to the public .
Under the Fourth Geneva Convention , the responsibility for protecting civilian populations in an occupied country belongs to the occupying forces , which , in this case , are clearly failing to protect Iraqi women .
Instead of more Madonnas , who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child 's life , Africa needs more Nkhomas : passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children .
That said , the existence of political motivations does not undermine the legitimacy of the new EU investigations , which will be conducted alongside an ongoing inquiry by the United States Justice Department into anti-competitive practices in the trading , clearing , and pricing of CDS in the US .
