Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
An EU committed to its own defense , although not offering the same formal guarantees as NATO , offers candidate countries the prospect of belonging to a genuine security community .
Besides the general devastation that modern warfare brings , impoverished and angry Russian soldiers were wreaking havoc on civilians by stealing belongings left behind and raping women .
The Kremlin continues its propaganda offensive against Georgia , and has vetoed prolonging the mandate for United Nations observers in Georgia and Abkhazia . A major Russian military maneuver , Caucasus 2009 , is underway .
Anyone who disagreed with this diagnosis or criticized the PiS 's methods , particularly those used by its leader , Jaros?aw Kaczy?ski , was promptly classified as belonging to the uk?ad . No one was spared .
This process will probably carry the cost of prolonging the emergence of a single European political loyalty -LRB- if one ever does emerge -RRB- .
The agreement could become a model for similar agreements with other countries belonging to the EU 's Eastern Partnership .
Among immigrants , soul-searching is closely related to belonging and commitment , which in practice boils down to feeling part of society and feeling responsible for the city , neighborhood , and street where you live .
In Europe , the power of the European Union , often-uncontrolled immigration , and economic globalization are challenging feelings of national belonging , of being represented by national governments , or of sharing national cultures .
Rural Americans , living on the vast plains , uprooted and isolated from the outside world , have a history of expressing their longing for community and mystical identity by gathering in large numbers in churches and tents , listening to the grand statements of charismatic hucksters .
Islamist extremism is a handy revolutionary creed for vulnerable young people to latch onto , to gain a sense of power and belonging .
Others have only whispered their longing for such a statement .
These citizens are guilty only of belonging to the three tribes -LRB- Fur , Masalit , and Zaghawa -RRB- that spawned the rebels who took up arms against the government a few years ago .
The campaign was over Mexico 's soul , over the highly abstract , partly imaginary , broad ideological themes of nationalism , separation of church and state , the market versus the state , law enforcement versus eradicating privilege and poverty , belonging to Latin America or to North America , poor versus rich .
This may not be ideal , but it is better than prolonging a fight that can not be won .
Workers belonging to each caste pursued a wide variety of occupations , although agriculture provided the bulk of employment .
Access to literacy and to jobs in the government sector and modern professions was limited to a small section of the population usually belonging to the high castes .
In any case , the majority of peasants belonging to any caste , upper or lower , were poor .
Most are Indonesians belonging to Jemaah Islamiyah -LRB- JI -RRB- , Mujahidin Kompak , and other Darul Islam factions .
But France 's efforts to shore up solidarity by insisting on laïcité and erecting a dam against Muslim immigrants are both ineffective and counter-productive , because they exclude from a sense of fully belonging to the nation many people who are actually in France already .
Modern societies are characterized by acute problems of belonging .
Social policies in Europe -- like everything else -- vary widely , and popular attitudes cover a spectrum , from tired protectionism and longing for subsidies in some of `` old Europe '' to the free-market enthusiasm of more recent EU members in the West -LRB- Ireland and Portugal -RRB- and the East -LRB- Poland and Slovakia -RRB- .
BERLIN -- For most Europeans , the Mediterranean is an annual object of longing -- the holiday idyll where they spend the best weeks of the year .
While legal harmonization and constitution - making attest to deepening integration , Europe 's institutions have failed to generate what every political community needs in order to survive and thrive : a feeling of belonging .
The only viable course , then , is to use today 's `` pause for reflection '' to revive the existing Constitutional Treaty . This would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008 .
The number of potentially life-prolonging technologies offered by contemporary medicine is proliferating .
For them , national identity should be abandoned in favor of a European identity , even if the feeling of belonging to Europe is not deeply held among the peoples of the EU .
If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver , then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us : as a projection of our fears and uncertainties , sexual desires , group and personal animosities , and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society .
Villagers are killed or ordered to pack their belongings and leave .
A sense of belonging to Europe , to Western civilization , always dominated the Estonian mind .
For the last couple of years , the FARC , many of whose leaders believe that they `` win '' simply by prolonging the conflict , has been seeking ways -- for example , a humanitarian exchange and political recognition -- to ease the military pressure that it has faced since Uribe came to power .
More people with more belongings live closer to harm 's way .
Through language he feels rich and stable ; and when he is fully in charge of his wealth , he gains his citizenship , a sense of belonging .
Everywhere , people face the contradiction between centrifugal , cosmopolitan modernity and the centripetal need -LRB- or at least nostalgia -RRB- for belonging .
Revitalization of the extreme right in Hungary and the rise of `` National Bolshevism '' in Russia , where Tolstoy is now re-condemned by the Orthodox Church as a proto-communist , suggest a deeper and more pervasive atavistic longing .
Rather , it is only by respecting our diversity -- ensuring that each social group enjoys a shared sense of belonging , rather than feeling marginalized and excluded -- that the state 's unity and peace can be guaranteed .
Scottish nationalists do look longingly at Ireland , but for its recent phenomenal economic growth .
Last fall , Germany , the largest contributor to the EU budget , accepted a compromise prolonging the present CAP for a decade .
In fact , it would be big medical news if there were no increase in deaths in patients treated with growth hormone , because that would imply that the drug actually provides a life-prolonging effect in a population expected to die prematurely .
The reception and adoption of democracy is not a function of sectarian belonging , but a reflection of the multi-dimensional historical , cultural , religious , and political identities of Iraqi individuals .
But it is also feeding a patriotic emotion -- a popular longing for the restoration of Russia 's imperial status and prestige -- that Putin 's regime has shrewdly exploited .
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
This renewed sense of belonging to the same human family and the same moral universe resonated profoundly with Mediterranean Europeans , who found , in the claims and expectations emerging on the opposite shore , echoes of their own unfulfilled claims and expectations .
Think , for example , of a German -LRB- oral -RRB- test which was to apply only to immigrants from states belonging to the Organization of the Islamic Conference -LRB- the test in question was later withdrawn -RRB- , and which asked , among other things , the applicant 's opinion about the fact that in Germany homosexuals hold high public office .
It did not help that Hessel nostalgically invoked Jean-Paul Sartre and existentialism , and the `` great stream of history '' -- longings reflected on a hand-painted sign at Occupy Wall Street : `` Get excited and do something . '' Tellingly , that sign was flanked by posters for the left-wing anarchist philosopher Noam Chomsky and the right-wing libertarian politician Ron Paul .
Nobody wants to repeal citizenship legislation that makes birthplace , not bloodlines , the basis of belonging , and everybody is proud that right-wing populism has never taken off in the way that it has among some of Germany 's neighbors .
Iran 's citizens -- and all people longing to resist a tyrannical government or to protest in an established democracy -- should bear that lesson in mind .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an promotes the trials as evidence of Turkey 's new turn towards democracy and the rule of law . They are also actively supported by news media belonging to the so-called Gülen group -- a powerful ally of Erdo?an 's government made up of followers of the Muslim cleric Fethullah Gülen .
We imagine residential streets with one `` for sale '' sign after another . Worse , there are images of foreclosures , of families being evicted from their homes , their furniture and belongings on the street .
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
Policymakers need to re-learn their Keynes , explain him clearly , and apply his lessons , not invent pseudo-rational arguments for prolonging the recession .
In short , government policies to support the housing market not only have failed to fix the problem , but are prolonging the deleveraging process and creating the conditions for Japanese-style malaise .
They therefore see its rule over them as illegitimate , which is precisely the point : the logic of popular sovereignty requires an idea of collective agency based on a sense of individual belonging that is much stronger than in our lecture audience .
Even disinfecting water -- the single most important technological advance ever in prolonging human life -- turns out to produce carcinogenic byproducts .
No Iraqi political faction wants to be blamed for prolonging the occupation , but most , with the exception of Muqtada al-Sadr 's movement , will agree to extend America 's military presence by another five years .
By contrast , Israeli or American military action against Iran would risk worsening the situation , prolonging and intensifying the suffering in this very sensitive region of the world .
