American reluctance to abandon Musharraf -- together with prolonged electricity shortages , which made the new government appear incompetent -- also raised his hopes .
With the prospects of return continuing to deteriorate , prolonged displacement may well become permanent .
After prolonged reflection on medical reports regarding Pinochet 's health , Judge Juan Guzmán found him mentally fit to stand trial on nine counts of kidnapping and one count of homicide .
Solidarity suffered that frustration in Poland in 1980-81 , which prolonged communist rule for a decade .
Dramatic , rapid change could result in prolonged failure .
The Party 's unchallenged monopoly on political power systematically ensured that every mistake it made -- such as the dreadful decade of the Cultural Revolution -- turned into a prolonged nationwide crisis .
In Europe , monetary caution , self-imposed fiscal constraints , and the Euro 's appreciation all lead to clear dangers : deflation and a prolonged slump .
A full-scale invasion might well provoke Iraq 's own Kurdish guerrillas into a prolonged and bloody battle with Turkish forces that can only undermine support for Erdogan 's government at home and abroad .
Instead , he found eager supporters among pious Protestants , for whom Jews belonged in their own holy land rather than in Europe .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
According to the Spanish indictment , Cavallo belonged to the operations unit of a group actively involved in kidnapping and torturing people whom the military regime perceived as leftist .
During his tenure as a union leader in the late 1970s and early 1980s , the Dutch economy experienced prolonged malaise -- stagnant growth , high unemployment , prohibitive interest rates , and low corporate profitability .
For nothing converts cyclical unemployment into structural unemployment more certainly than prolonged unemployment .
We might see prolonged and high unemployment in the construction sector , and in regions that had seen the biggest previous construction booms .
No such government today , I said , could or would tolerate any prolonged period in which the unemployment rate was kissing 10 % and inflation was quiescent without doing something major about it .
The working classes can vote , economists understand and publicly discuss nominal income determination , and no influential group stands to benefit from a deeper and more prolonged depression .
The world in the future will be a riskier place than we thought it was -- not because government will no longer offer guarantees that it should never have offered in the first place , but rather because the real risk that one 's customers might vanish in a prolonged depression is back .
Perhaps that would be enough to reassure everyone that policymakers ' current acquiescence in a prolonged slump was a horrible mistake that will not be repeated .
But broken eggs do not necessarily make an omelet : Bush 's massive -LRB- and still growing -RRB- fiscal deficits have stimulated nothing but jitters about a prolonged slowdown in capital formation , household consumption , and economic growth .
Angell 's argument was simple : in all prolonged modern industrial wars , everybody loses .
Moreover , today 's global imbalances and misaligned real exchange rates threaten to bring on not just mild recession , but significant and prolonged depression .
Yet , so far , none of these events -- aside from Japan starting in the early 1990 's and the failures of transition in the lands east of Poland -- has caused a prolonged crisis .
Rather , Greenspan 's mistake -- if it was a mistake -- was his failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
That is the only time when -LRB- a -RRB- a financial crisis caused a widespread , lengthy , and prolonged reinforcing chain of bank failures , and -LRB- b -RRB- the government neither intervened nor passed the baton to a consortium of private banks to support the system as a whole .
Effective treatment and cure of MDR-TB requires prolonged use -LRB- typically two years -RRB- of a combination of drugs , including second-line drugs that for the most part are less potent than first-line agents , more toxic , or both .
In the end , Chancellor Schroder was given a fig leaf to hide his embarrassment in the form of the present managing director , Horst Kohler , whose main qualification for the job is being German , unlike his two predecessors De Larosiere and Camdessus , who were distinguished French inspecteusr de finances , i.e. they belonged to the cream of cream in the bureaucratic elite of France .
As the boom turned into a prolonged bust , the longer-term inadequacies of the job situation have become visible to all who care to look ; and they are alarming .
Yet when we treated the mice with a drug dose continuously adjusted to maintain a stable tumor volume , the animals , though not cured , survived for a prolonged period of time .
Suicide bombers , the prolonged state of tension , and the overall weakening of the hope for peace have slashed support for democratic government .
American officials do not seem to recognize how difficult , costly , and prolonged the task of creating a peaceful order and a viable democracy in Iraq will be .
Russia is living through the deepest , most prolonged crisis in modern history .
Should oil prices continue to surge , however , the downturn among major oil consuming economies could be more prolonged .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
To be sure , it closes a prolonged era of Egyptian politics .
This treatment is unlikely to cause many side effects ; prolonged treatments with PARP inhibitors are well tolerated in mice .
For many people , the introduction of the euro meant not only that currency risk -- i.e. , the risk of devaluation -- had disappeared , but also that all euro-zone members now belonged to an economic area of monetary stability and , thanks to the discipline of the Stability and Growth Pact , of fiscal stability .
It will be prolonged and occasionally very tense , but eventually result in appreciation of the renminbi .
The talk now is of a global recession that will be steep and prolonged .
For 1,000 years , Russia has belonged to such a category . ''
Consequently , Africa 's rural population has been growing faster and for longer than any other in human history , with a correspondingly rapid and prolonged decline in per-capita endowments of land and other natural resources .
As a result , West African countries are mostly missing out on Africa 's current revival -- and the prospect of a prolonged period of stagnation in the eurozone certainly wo n't help .
Assuming the responsibilities that have long belonged to men requires that women let go of the tasks that have prevented them from advancing beyond low-ranking positions .
Moreover , the United States has been squandering much of its capacity to promote human rights internationally . In responding to the terrorist attacks on its own soil on September 11 , 2001 , the US has resorted to such measures as prolonged indefinite detention without charges , trials before military commissions lacking due process safeguards , and cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment of detainees , including torture .
Prolonged negotiations and gridlock are not acceptable , because today 's most serious problems can not wait for perfect institutional solutions .
They argued that the oil belonged to all of Nigeria 's people , not just the eastern area .
But , following a recent 64 % devaluation of the currency , the clock appears to be running out on his prolonged misrule .
Despite the massive tax cuts of 2001 and the increase in military and security spending , the US experienced a prolonged jobless recovery .
Meanwhile , prolonged low interest rates contributed to a `` chase for yield '' in the financial sector that resulted in disregard of credit risk .
Prolonged heat can increase smog and the dispersal of allergens , causing respiratory symptoms .
In other words , both the language and the agenda that originally belonged to extreme-right parties have been appropriated by the political mainstream .
Transylvania , where the country 's ethnic Hungarians are overwhelmingly concentrated , is also Romania 's cultural bridge to the West , because this part of Romania belonged for centuries to the Hapsburg Empire .
Visa applications are increasing , indicating preparations for limited or prolonged sojourns abroad .
COPENHAGEN -- As the world continues to debate the impact of climate-change while seeking a new global treaty to prevent it , Kenya has endured a prolonged drought followed by heavy flooding .
So , what if Europe and the US both enter a phase of prolonged budgetary adjustment while the emerging world stays on course ?
To lower growth by this magnitude at a time when the private sector has not yet completed its deleveraging cycle -- and governments are starting their own -- is to risk a prolonged period of near-stagnation , which could turn crisis-induced unemployment into structural unemployment .
Furthermore , tighter credit standards over a prolonged period are likely to fall disproportionately on cash-poor , fast-growing companies , with consequences for innovation , productivity , and ultimately growth potential .
Speaking on behalf of the European Union , a German spokesperson rejected the concept of `` defamation of religion '' as not valid in a human rights context , because human rights belonged to individuals , not to institutions or religions .
For example , the 2009 stimulus package enacted by the Obama administration had many billions of dollars devoted to cancer research , though such research employs few people directly and is spent over a long time horizon -- far beyond that of even a prolonged recovery .
But prolonged near-zero rates can foster the wrong kinds of activities .
Despite the relatively costless overthrow of the Qaddafi regime , America 's prolonged interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq have severely strained the public 's tolerance for an active foreign policy .
SANTA MARTA , COLOMBIA -- Like all cancer patients , Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez faces three scenarios : a quick cure , prolonged treatment , or an early death .
If his treatment is prolonged , he might try governing with rotating vice-presidents , and , if a prompt cure or prolonged treatment are not possible and elections are postponed , an uncertain transition would be hastened .
A prolonged moratorium on offshore and other out-of-bounds energy exploration makes sense , but the real tragedy of the BP oil spill will be if the changes stop there .
Of course , there were abuses , such as the allocation of public credits to richer farmers rather than to needy ones , or the prolonged subsidization of inputs even after farmers became creditworthy .
Both Afghanistan and the neighboring provinces of Pakistan are impoverished regions , with vast unemployment , bulging youth populations , prolonged droughts , widespread hunger , and pervasive economic deprivation .
Haiti must avoid a prolonged period of tent cities in which people are mere refugees .
Since then , the economy has confronted prolonged recession , and the government is having trouble refinancing the public debt .
Palestinian Prime Minister Abu Mazen has called on Palestinian extremists to disarm , or at least to accept a prolonged cease-fire , but they have responded with more terrorist attacks .
As those policies fail , global financial markets are reacting negatively , adding uncertainty to the world economy , and there is little relief in sight , because America is entering a period of prolonged political infighting and stalemate .
It is also one of a handful of countries that have achieved significant results in recovering from the deep damage of prolonged conflict by rebuilding government and establishing the rule of law .
Nepal 's earlier experiments with democratic governance were not very successful ; democratically elected governments -LRB- in the late 1950 's and the 1990 's -RRB- were unceremoniously replaced by prolonged autocratic rule .
Moreover , if global warming continues unchecked , the number of deaths that occur when rainfall becomes more erratic , causing both prolonged droughts and severe floods , will dwarf the death toll from hot weather in Europe .
David 's father , Yohane Banda , suddenly in the media spotlight , said he had not understood that his son no longer belonged to him and might never return to Malawi .
How many people want their lives to be prolonged if they are incontinent , need to be fed by others , can no longer walk , and their mental capacities have irreversibly deteriorated so that they can neither speak nor recognize their children ?
Since then , some three million people have been conceived by IVF , enabling otherwise infertile couples to have the child they longed for .
She and her 72 year-old husband have , she says , longed for a child through 55 years of marriage .
One bomb hit the home of the Hamoodi family , a respected , educated family , none of whose members belonged to the ruling Baath Party .
Hence , as he put it in 1932 , there may be `` no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment '' -- which is what the Obama administration is rightly doing .
After prolonged lobbying by the financial-services industry , US President Bill Clinton repealed Glass-Steagall in 1999 .
Second , any transition to new prime movers is an inherently prolonged affair , taking decades to accomplish .
The philosophers who were the intellectual fathers of the 1789 revolution longed not for democracy , but for enlightened despotism , which is what many French still look for when they elect a president .
The policies currently being imposed on the eurozone directly contradict the lessons learned from the Great Depression of the 1930 's , and risk pushing Europe into a period of prolonged stagnation or worse .
So the discussions about what to include in such a new treaty ought to begin immediately , because , even with European leaders under extreme pressure to agree quickly , negotiations will necessarily be a prolonged affair .
In an extended balance-sheet recession of this type , unemployment benefits need to be substantial and prolonged .
Two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005 .
Indeed , because Bolivia 's Constitution requires the approval of Congress for such sales , it is n't clear that Morales is nationalizing anything : the assets were never properly sold . When a country is robbed of a national art treasure , we do n't call its return `` re-nationalization , '' because it belonged to the country all along .
For America today , the real question is only whether there will be a short , sharp downturn , or a more prolonged , but shallower , slowdown .
They belonged to the Fourth Army , headed by Zhang Guotao , Mao 's archrival .
If Iraq 's oil fields are destroyed or the war is prolonged , surging oil prices will hit Japan and the world economy hard .
The Archaeological Survey of India , however , reported the existence of ruins beneath the demolished mosque that might have belonged to an ancient temple .
Indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side -LRB- though this is changing -RRB- , but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers -- outstanding cricketers like the batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar , or the all-rounders Vinoo Mankad and Kapil Dev , who were considered to be among the world 's best players , even if the Indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won .
But the most eye-catching estate belonged to a modest officer from the tax services .
But research shows that virtually anyone with two weeks of sadness feels distressed and is likely to be role-impaired , so in effect this category elevates moderately prolonged normal sadness into a mental disorder .
These steps are important , though delivery will be prolonged and the likely impact modest , at least in the near-term .
It is a severe and prolonged state of mind in which normal sadness grows into a painful state of hopelessness , listlessness , lack of motivation , and fatigue .
To be sure , the prolonged rapid increase in Chinese aggregate demand has been fueled by an investment boom , as well as a growing trade surplus .
Until the recent Asian accident crisis , the poorest workplace safety record in world history belonged to the United States in the fifty years following the American Civil War .
In 1995 , Kobe citizens extricated from the rubble were looked after if they belonged to corporations or religious groups .
Unless sectarian politics are replaced by inclusiveness , all of the region 's `` f-states '' types of states will remain in a condition of prolonged turbulence .
Sadly , that seems to be the case in Russia , where the government has chosen the first period of prolonged economic growth since communism 's fall -- with the budget in surplus and capital flight seemingly reversed -- to re-open the oligarch wars of the 1990 's .
And any attempt to destroy militarily Iran 's nuclear potential could entangle Israel in a prolonged and exhausting struggle that might unite all the enemies of the Jewish state .
Now , California faces either an embarrassing federal bailout or a prolonged period of rule by judges , who under California law have the power to vacate labor agreements , abrogate contracts , and generally restructure the state 's financial commitments .
