Insecurity in Iraq is most strikingly illustrated by the number of people fleeing their homes .
But the ethnic breakdown of displaced people -- 93 % Arab , 4 % Assyrian , and 1 % Kurd -- illustrates the grave insecurity in central Iraq and the relative stability of Kurdistan .
Estrada 's conviction gives Filipinos the clearest illustration of what the rule of law may bring to their society .
Industrial clusters have been established in many parts of the country , where business connections can compensate for rising costs .
Olmert , who stepped into Ariel Sharon 's shoes as leader of the new Kadima Party , was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian -- and later mayor of Jerusalem -- who was known more for his polemical style than for his political stature or gravitas .
But , as the UN declaration -- and the long debate surrounding its adoption -- illustrate , scientific arguments are not at the center of national and international debates , which revolve around questions concerning the beginning of `` human life . ''
Immigration illustrates the cost of integration without convergence .
PARIS -- Beyond the headlines , the embarrassment of governments , and the blow dealt to the secrecy of diplomatic correspondence , WikiLeaks ' exposure of US diplomatic cables offers a raw illustration of how deeply the essence of power has been altered in our information age .
Here he was helped by the lackluster efforts of his main opponent , José Serra , who failed to build on the substantial achievements of outgoing President Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
The recent re-election of the great showman Silvio Berlusconi illustrates this perfectly .
In some ways , Obama 's candidacy illustrates the problems facing our democracies today .
His conciliatory speech in Cairo on June 4 , 2009 , much derided by hawks in the US , together with his general lack of bluster , created enough space for the opponents of Middle Eastern dictators to rebel without being tainted in any way by foreign intervention .
The case of Somalia-born Ayaan Hirsi Ali , the bestselling author of Infidel , best illustrates both the popular resentments and the relative openness that mark contemporary Dutch society .
Prior to the highly publicized killing of a woman and her four little children last week , this pattern was illustrated by a previous report from B'Tselem , the leading Israeli human rights organization : 106 Palestinians were killed between February 27 and March 3 .
Coming in the same week as China 's poorly handled removal of Tung Chee-hwa as Hong Kong 's Chief Executive , the anti-secession law episode illustrates that the mainland 's PR savvy has its limits and that Taiwan will remain an emotional and divisive thorn in the side of Sino-US relations .
India Dissents from Obamamania NEW DELHI -- India is among the few dozen countries , largely clustered in Asia and Africa , where sentiment in favor of the United States actually rose during the administration of George W. Bush .
The rabidly anti-Castro Cuban exiles clustered in Miami argue that it is fear that holds Cubans back , but that 's not true .
Nothing illustrates this better than Bahrain , where Saudi Arabia -- which has contributed more than any other country to the spread of global jihad -- sent forces under the Gulf Cooperation Council banner to crush peaceful protests .
Rather than helping to build robust civilian institutions there , the US has pampered the jihadist-penetrated Pakistani military establishment , best illustrated by the fresh $ 3 billion military aid package earmarked for the next fiscal year .
Indeed , China 's phenomenal economic success -- illustrated by its world-beating trade surplus , world 's largest foreign-currency reserves , and highest steel production -- owes a lot to the West 's decision not to sustain trade sanctions after the Tiananmen Square massacre .
After all , the issues that triggered the civil war were rooted in the country 's post-independence moves to fashion a mono-ethnic national identity , best illustrated by the 1956 `` Sinhalese only '' language policy and the 1972 Constitution 's elimination of a ban on discrimination against minorities .
But the passage of recent constitutional reforms by the Legislative Yuan illustrates the continuing volatility of the situation .
Such examples illustrate the possible dramatic side-effects of DBS , but subtler effects are also possible .
Can one blame voters for being suspicious of the silence of the political majority , and even for being taken in by the fringe 's blustering ?
Nuclear cloning , illustrated by the sheep Dolly , has made the Universal Turing Machine a highly revealing , if not all explaining , model of the cell .
The executive director should put together a team of analysts located in critical locations abroad and able to conduct business intelligence . This requires investigation of markets and trends , and identification of specific firms that would be desirable for the clusters or niches that the country wants to promote .
The team will also need `` promoters '' in these locations , with public-relations expertise and technical knowledge of the country and the clusters .
Finally , the team will need local `` service providers '' with technical knowledge of specific clusters to support foreign investors once they have located in the country , thereby ensuring that they remain and expand .
The story of why Einstein proposed the cosmological term , why he dropped it , and why cosmologists today have reintroduced it illustrates this process .
Simple computer programs can compare two or more strings of these units and evaluate degrees of similarity , search huge databases to match new sequences against known ones , and cluster groups of sequences in the form of a family tree .
This is important because it illustrates the dissimilar regional impact that trade with China has on Latin America and the Carribean , owing to the export of South America 's basic goods , coupled with the growth of Chinese imports into Mexico .
Indeed , the CIO would illustrate the power of information 's power by using it , rather than legal power , to persuade people to do the right thing .
But the recent contest between two brothers -- David and Ed Miliband -- not only provided the material for a riveting family drama ; it also illustrated some peculiarities of democratic cultures that often go un-noted -- and the strange relationship between the personal and the political that is built into the hierarchy of democratic protocol .
Firms need stronger tax incentives for R&D . Productivity growth can be boosted by public investment in infrastructure , as illustrated by the 1930 's examples of the Hoover Dam and the Tennessee Valley Authority .
But , already before the recent debt-ceiling imbroglio , the dollar had begun to lose its luster .
Local historians at Solovki believe that the atypical cupolas illustrated on the note date the picture to the end of the 1920 's , the time of the camp 's peak development .
The Japanese model quickly lost its luster in the 1990 's .
Close analysis of the behavior of the Fed and Germany 's Bundesbank between 1979-1995 reveals that central bank interventions tend to cluster over time .
Internally , Libya has launched a `` Go East '' policy , so that development does not become clustered only in its oil and gas regions and around the capital of Tripoli .
We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience .
Frei 's lackluster numbers reflect his own weaknesses -LRB- he is notoriously uncharismatic and was the least popular of the four Concertación presidents -RRB- , as well as the inevitable stress that two decades of uninterrupted rule has placed on the ruling coalition .
The situation in Indonesia led the UN to adopt a new `` cluster '' system to improve coordination .
Even if there were instant peace , the region will pay the price for Taylor 's bloodlust for decades to come .
As the dramatic shrinkage of the Aral Sea , Lake Chad , and the Dead Sea illustrate , it now requires preserving scarce natural resources and ensuring their equitable distribution among conflicting needs .
So Russia 's claim to being a central element in Eurasian security , on par with the US and the European Union , is not the blustering of a spent Leviathan .
The disaster that followed illustrated the damage that an uncontrolled failure can produce .
It also seemed like an illustration of her authorized biography , entitled Reina Cristina -LRB- `` Queen Cristina '' -RRB- .
But their adherence to Islam is illustrated by the example of a man I once saw at Muslim prayer in the ruins of the ancient Zeus temple in a small town on the Aegean coast .
Iran , Romania , and Liberia illustrate that rigid authoritarian systems can not withstand the shocks of social , political , or economic change , especially at the pace that characterizes today 's world .
Just over a year ago , the Finnish EU presidency failed to break the gridlock over the Cyprus trade issue , illustrating again the limited value of trying to agree partial solutions and `` confidence-building '' measures .
These are difficult days for NATO , as Gates , in the twilight of his illustrious tenure , has pointed out .
This will be expensive , but probably not more so than maintaining the current fossil fuel structure , and will most likely start as station clusters or corridors in metropolitan areas that gradually spread outward .
Cluster seeds are already underway in the Los Angeles and New York metropolitan areas and , very significantly , in Japan .
There are not enough tents , blankets , and warm clothes to go around . Hundreds of tent clusters have come up , but thousands of families remain out under the skies , facing rain and hail , and with dread in their hearts .
In the evenings , they roam in packs through the city 's streets and bazaars , gaping at store windows and lustfully ogling bare-faced women .
But in China , the brand has unwittingly found itself enmeshed in tales that illustrate the powerlessness of ordinary Chinese against the powerful and corrupt .
During the Cold War , the environmental effects of an all-out nuclear confrontation became a matter of forecast and speculation , illustrated by the concept `` nuclear winter . ''
But nothing illustrates the radicalism of the new right better than the recent attack by the Fox News commentator Glenn Beck on the financier and philanthropist George Soros . Soros is of Hungarian and Jewish origin , and Beck 's attack , called `` The Puppet-Master ? '' , recycles , almost in carbon copy , the tropes of the most virulent anti-Semitic ideologies of the totalitarian movements of the first half of the twentieth century .
Jinnah 's Labyrinth NEW DELHI -- Three recent events vividly illustrate the dilemmas of today 's Pakistan , which are in many ways the same challenges faced by the country 's founder , Mohammed Ali Jinnah , over six decades ago .
The mini-bus taxi industry thus illustrates the importance of informal conventions .
Growth in India 's agricultural sector declined from a lackluster 3.8 % to an even more anemic 2.6 % last year .
An A-bomb is millions of times more immoral than a spear or sword , hundreds of thousands of times more immoral than a rifle , thousands of times more immoral than a machine gun , and hundreds of times more immoral than salvo systems or cluster bombs .
Banco Compartamos in Mexico and SKS Microfinance in India illustrate impact investors ' catalytic role .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
To illustrate this point , I draw on my personal experience as the care-giver for my wife , who suffers from a severe neurodegenerative disorder that has impaired her memory and motor functions , restricting her independence .
I give you this personal sketch because it is the best I can do to illustrate what care-giving entails , and why it is so crucial to everyone 's life -- and to the human condition more generally .
Care-giving , as illustrated by our case , includes what happens when hope and consolation are abandoned , when theodicy ends , and when all there is to do is to be present with the sufferer , sharing his or her suffering by simply -- and usually silently -- being there .
North Korea , no surprise , wailed and blustered against the war games , even threatening a `` physical '' response .
The story of Western failure in Afghanistan is now all too familiar , painfully illustrated , almost weekly , by the repatriation of fallen NATO soldiers .
The Yom Kippur War in 1973 was a neat illustration of the Western and Soviet military influence .
This proposal illustrates how the reform gap , and the unbalanced growth that results from it , can debilitate the European fabric by setting one partner against the other .
Stories of cooperation such as READ illustrate how old notions of assistance need to be re-examined and challenged .
The on-again , off-again talks on North Korea can fluster even the most experienced of negotiators .
Indeed , Hu has sought to restore some of Mao 's luster .
Ninth-grade physics , unlike ninth-grade biology , illustrates the grand sweep of the laws of nature , and the power of an equation to describe a vast number of different phenomena can be taught at this level .
Teachers -LRB- including those in mathematics -RRB- should meet regularly to plot the evolution of their courses , their essential coherence , and the inclusion of stories that illustrate how science works .
The most depressing illustration of this has been the handling of the `` European Constitution '' and the Lisbon Treaty , and the totally unedifying means by which the European president , a key part of the Lisbon Treaty , is being selected .
Moreover , sustained work-related stress is likely to contribute to ` metabolic syndrome , ' a cluster of pathogenic mechanisms characterised by an accumulation of abdominal fat , a decrease in sensitivity to insulin , increased levels of cholesterol , and heightened blood pressure , all related to the onset of heart disease and diabetes .
In countries with a poor business environment , special economic zones or industrial parks can facilitate firm entry , foreign direct investment , and the formation of industrial clusters .
Generally speaking , China 's reform period has been a stark contemporary illustration of the historical lesson that unleashing individual initiative tends to boost economic development .
A good illustration is Denmark , which early on provided huge subsidies for wind power , building thousands of inefficient turbines around the country from the 1980 's onwards .
The EU 's greater economic power still attracts other countries , but this power might lose its luster if the EU continues to disappoint them by failing to meet their expectations .
The climate-change conference in Copenhagen last December illustrated this decline , as it was the four main emerging countries -- China , India , Brazil , and South Africa -- that held the key negotiations in which US President Barack Obama actively intervened .
Surprisingly , for such an extensive , cynically efficient cluster of humanity , the city displayed surprising civility and solidarity during and after the attacks .
But this episode illustrates a fundamental and frustrating problem : the more we know about what is going on in China the less we are sure about whether China has actually become a threat .
Almost everywhere , the media translates academic conclusions into graphic illustrations of brutality and despair in places such as Guinea and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
The current oil rush in West Africa is a perfect illustration of the problem .
The ongoing Darfur conflict illustrates the problem .
Administrative reform illustrates this well .
But , with the passage of time , the Barroso-led Commission has also come under fire for being unadventurous and lacklustre .
After eight years of compromised American leadership , a botched war of choice in Iraq , failure to take the lead in global efforts to address climate change , Abu Ghraib , Guantánamo Bay , running up a $ 10 trillion debt , and igniting a global financial crisis -- America 's once-glittering model has lost a good deal of its luster and America 's leadership has been questioned by many .
Flustered , he stopped speaking , waved his arms in timid bewilderment , the weak and ineffectual gestures of an imposter .
The EU parliamentarians called the Polish government 's actions a witch-hunt , and Geremek declared Poland 's `` lustration '' law a threat to civil liberties .
A ruling by Poland 's Constitutional Court issued on May 11 gutted much of the lustration law , and made Germek 's position in the EU parliament safe -- at least for now .
But the lustration law was but one act among many in a systematic effort by Poland 's current government to undermine the country 's democratic institutions and fabric .
Yet it would be a mistake to think that this bloodlust represents widespread sentiment among Iraqis .
France 's policy toward China and the issue of the French and EU president 's attendance at the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics has represented a spectacular illustration of this lack of consistency .
A process of escalating alienation and indifference between the Union and its citizens is at work , illustrated by low turnout in the last European Parliament elections .
Nicosia , the divided capital of Cyprus , is the perfect antithesis to Berlin , and as such the best illustration of what happens when history does freeze .
Three recent examples illustrate what went wrong with America , its loss of unique status , and its growing image as a partisan and unethical , if not destabilizing , force in the world .
But states that specialize in a capability should do so as a part of a `` country cluster '' to minimize the risk of a nation facing a military challenge that its forces are unprepared to meet .
The controversy illustrates the care that is required in publishing human-rights reports .
Certainly , the hard power of military and police force was necessary to counter al-Qaeda , but the indiscriminate use of hard power -- illustrated by the invasion of Iraq , the Abu Ghraib prison photos , and detentions without trial -- served to increase the number of terrorist recruits .
As events in Pakistan illustrate , the spread of nuclear technology does not extend the stability that comes with mutual deterrence .
Cyber threats and potential cyber warfare illustrate the increased vulnerabilities and loss of control in modern societies .
Some scenarios , including an `` electronic Pearl Harbor , '' sound alarmist , but they illustrate the diffusion of power from central governments to individuals .
For example , the relative independence of the BBC , sometimes a source of consternation to British governments , has paid rich dividends in credibility , as illustrated by this account of Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete 's day : `` he rises at dawn , listens to the BBC World Service , then scans the Tanzanian press . ''
Companies like Toshiba and Sony depended on two regions - Otaku in Tokyo , and Higashi Osaka in Osaka Prefecture - where thousands of manufacturers of precision mechanical and electronic components were clustered .
Similar manufacturing clusters are sprouting up everywhere in China .
The declaration applies the CRPD in a specific geographic region -LRB- Europe -RRB- , for a specific target group -LRB- children with intellectual disabilities -RRB- , and for a cluster of specific rights -LRB- the rights to health and to live in the community with appropriate support -RRB- .
This illustrates a fundamental point : in the short run , reduced economic activity is the principle way of lowering oil demand .
To illustrate his argument , Benedict noted that the international financial crash , partly a consequence of insatiable greed , had provoked debate about the need for an ethical basis for economic behavior .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Descartes after he died .
We also know that fish catches can remain high -LRB- and in fact usually do -RRB- even as stocks collapse , as illustrated by cod off Eastern Canada , which yielded good catches until the fishery had to be closed because there were literally no fish left .
Without both dynamism and inclusion , the path to peace will be elusive , as recent experiences in Kosovo , East Timor , Afghanistan , Iraq , and many countries in Africa illustrate .
Nevertheless , the 1937 episode does seem to illustrate the dangers of attempting to consolidate public finances at a time when the private sector is still too weak for economic recovery to be self-sustaining .
The strategy 's most promising prospects include the promotion of industrial upgrading , niche industries , and competitiveness-boosting cluster projects that aim to make Thailand a global and regional hub for food , fashion , tourism , automobiles , and healthcare .
Nor have his bluster and ill temper improved matters .
This cluster of record-breaking events could be merely an astonishing streak of bad luck .
The Enola controversy is a stark illustration of the danger of patenting life , and the power of patents to block agricultural imports , disrupt or destroy developing countries ' export markets , hijack staple food crops that are the cultural heritage of millennia , plunder collective knowledge , and threaten food security .
These facts illustrate better than anything the need for security partnerships that extend to Central Asia and across the Mediterranean .
This illustrates a broader point : there is no unique , non-context specific way of achieving desirable institutional outcomes .
Hirschman 's interests shifted away from economic development over the course of his illustrious career . But when he was still involved in development debates , he would frequently remind his contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with .
England once again provides an apt illustration .
In his latest book , Paul Blustein recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : `` I have never actually seen one , '' the minister quipped . `` I have only seen US conglomerates masquerading as farmers . ''
Democracy and human rights will then likely lose their luster as global norms .
The image most people will retain of Friedman is the smiling , diminutive , unassuming professor holding up a pencil in front of the cameras in `` Free to Choose '' to illustrate the power of markets .
The case of Mozambican cashews clearly illustrates this .
Mozambique 's cashew story illustrates several themes now dominant in analyzing development .
Italy 's Fiat illustrates the problem : even a conservative government seeks to impede downsizing .
They point to worsening income inequality , as images beamed worldwide from post-hurricane New Orleans illustrated all too clearly .
Once upon a time , the Fund had scores of programs across the Continent -LRB- as Rong Qian , Carmen Reinhart , and I illustrate in new research on `` graduation '' from sovereign debt crises . -RRB-
Lackluster enforcement of intellectual property rights exacerbates the problem considerably , hampering US exports of software and entertainment .
It does not want to rush , because the US economy is still weak , with first-quarter growth a lackluster 1.8 % .
All of this illustrates what is wrong with the World Bank , even aside from Wolfowitz 's failed leadership .
The G-8 this year illustrates the difference between photo-ops and serious global governance .
One illustration makes the case vividly .
Liberia 's post-conflict recovery is not unprecedented , but it provides a clear illustration of how coordinated and sustained multilateral support can help national leaders deliver impressive results .
Yet Kim Jong-il 's two trips to China illustrate his interest in China 's reforms and his desire to cultivate China 's support .
Yet , even as the luster of the `` China miracle '' dazzles the world , the Chinese seem loath leave behind their dark feelings of victimization .
We have also learned that only 20-40 % of the breast cancers that cluster in families come from BRCA1 or BRCA2 germline mutations -- genetic alterations that are present from birth in every cell of the body and can be transmitted to the offspring .
An example of recent progress illustrates what I mean .
Ahmadinejad may bluster , but there is usually considerable ambiguity and calculation behind his outbursts .
That , not Western bluster and sanctions , is the way ahead .
This can be illustrated by a simple example .
The fact that America can veto even these modest IMF proposals illustrates a fundamental weakness of current international economic arrangements .
Now is the time to confront America 's hypocrisy , not to bluster .
The discussions before the crisis illustrated how little had been done to repair economic fundamentals .
Cotton illustrates the problem .
Mayawati 's weakness for `` bling '' has been demonstrated at her extravagant birthday parties , which she presides over laden with diamonds , saying -LRB- rather like Evita Peron -RRB- that her luster brings glamour and dignity to her people .
In towns , displays in shop windows illustrated the costs of tariffs to ordinary consumers .
Two-thirds of UN member states have called for a nuclear-weapons convention similar to existing treaties banning other categories of particularly inhumane and indiscriminate weapons , from biological and chemical arms to anti-personnel land mines and cluster munitions .
A cluster of EU commissioners holding economic-related portfolios could even be made responsible for guiding the process forward , providing it with direction and momentum .
Germany illustrates the problems that are created when a country 's banking sector is largely bypassed by the global trend toward consolidation .
In this area , as in many others , Europe can lead by example and offer an alternative to American -LRB- and French -RRB- constitutional separationism . It can be a living illustration that religion is no longer afraid of democracy and that democracy is no longer afraid of religion .
The history that they learn about their new home illustrates how the US fulfills -LRB- or falls short of -RRB- those ideals , whereas an immigrant schoolchild in Europe learns less about ideals and more about a monarchical lineage , a set of historical events , and a roster of `` great men . ''
The build-up of Russian foreign exchange reserves is a further illustration of this dependence .
Growth has been lackluster for a quarter of a century and unemployment remains stubbornly high .
In pursuit of protein-rich meals , Nkhoma is pushing her cluster of villages , representing a thousand households in all , to begin raising chickens for eggs and meat , cows for milk , and `` exotic '' vegetables such as cabbage for vitamins .
Once the lodestar for American optimism and achievement , California now illustrates the difficulties confronting the United States -- and how much more can still go wrong domestically .
It goes on to establish direct parallels with the abuses committed by American soldiers at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison , presenting much of the social science research illustrating the power of social situations to dominate individual dispositions .
