Her second term in office -LRB- 1993-96 -RRB- was longer and better , but her government again fell early , owing to charges of mismanagement and corruption .
With Pakistan 's future in the balance , the West 's help and support will be crucial , but that means recognizing that Musharraf is not the only leader who can resolve Pakistan 's myriad problems and manage the war on terror .
What the EU learned from the subsequent four years of Balkan disasters under its management is now being tested by another major turning point and potential crisis -- when and how Kosovo is to become independent .
Realizing Ahtisaari 's proposal will depend on EU solidarity and persistence , coupled with strong American support , to manage the vicissitudes of UN debate , lobby skeptical non-permanent Security Council members , such as Indonesia and South Africa , and persuade Russia to abstain rather than exercise its veto .
Through careful management of Kosovo 's independence process , and attentiveness to opportunities to improve relations with Russia , the West might mitigate the worst consequences of this confrontation .
Instead of talking to fellow diplomats , Argentina 's ambassador to the US should talk to US supermarkets , convincing their managers to buy Argentine goods and arranging for them to meet with small businessmen from his country .
Workers and management oppose deregulation because openness to competition would eliminate their unearned premiums .
Not to worry : the European welfare state will remain more generous than the stingy American one , but it may become more manageable and less intrusive .
But New York and Los Angeles , the two most ethnically diverse cities in the US , are also America 's leaders in business and in the arts . Nothing comes easy in this world : if the Union can not manage a multicultural society in Europe , then it ought to prepare itself for permanent stagnation .
The government of Romano Prodi , having managed against all the odds to get Italy into Europe 's monetary union , fell three months later .
But after all , it took Argentina nearly a century of mismanagement to go from almost the top of per capita income to its relative poverty today .
How did China and France manage to fool the EU into thinking that it should ever take part in this ?
Putin calls it `` managed pluralism . ''
As we can now see , the Social Committee For the Moral Revival of the Fatherland wants to be among the managers .
Despite massive injections of funds and unprecedented security , insurgents have still managed to halt or reduce oil production and exports several times since the invasion .
Only Saudi Arabia can manage the global output of oil in such a way that will make room for Iraqi oil and keep prices high .
COLUMBUS , OHIO -- In a better world , my nieces and nephews in Equatorial Guinea would respect our country 's president for overseeing the careful management of revenues pouring in from oil , and for using these funds for development .
This is as much a matter of principle as of cold , strategic calculation , and it is here where the ESDP has much to offer : a long-term view , supported by a powerful economy with the assets needed to carry out humanitarian operations , conflict prevention , crisis management , and security support .
When the euro area manages to agree swiftly on a coordinated position , this can be instrumental to finding agreement in the EU as a whole and internationally .
When the Internet became global , its management was turned over to ICANN , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , which enlists the voices of individual Internet users in its governance -- a significant departure from intergovernmental multilateralism .
Through innocuous-sounding government `` supervision '' and `` regulation '' -- and under the guidance of the major international financial institutions -- ruling elites managed to run entire sectors of the economy as personal fiefdoms .
Last year 's Northern Rock debacle in the United Kingdom will long remain an example of how not to manage such risk .
No one talks of the bank manager , under pressure to sell `` financial products '' and eager to sign up customers , even if the products were not in a customer 's best interest .
The nature of these CMOs should have been apparent to risk managers .
Any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of CMOs or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for Milton Friedman 's `` free lunch . ''
Partnerships between governments and foreign investors are at the core of the sound management of natural resources .
Sceptics fear that now that the collective financial threat is perceived , rightly or wrongly , to be manageable , the Pittsburgh Summit will result in a weak compromise that reflects divergent national interests rather than a sense of urgency about tackling climate change , chronic poverty and ineffective global governance .
G-20 leaders need again to manage difficult domestic pressures , overcome narrow agendas and resist populist temptations -- and prove the sceptics wrong .
Our sound fiscal management has been widely recognized , with all of the major credit ratings agencies upgrading the Philippines within our government 's first year .
The Philippines reopened for business under new management only a little more than a year ago .
How Rousseff will manage this effort will be the clearest demonstration of her leadership abilities .
Frei 's death implicates the repressive apparatus that Pinochet and Manuel Contreras , his `` right hand , '' managed in lockstep .
The first three -- free market reform , the rule of law , and a pragmatic foreign policy -- have been widely acclaimed , while the fourth -- `` managed democracy '' -- has been tolerated because it has brought political stability .
But `` managed democracy '' now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements .
Similarly , miners bussed by their managers to Kiev were soon being convinced of the ` Orange ' cause by the demonstrators and were quickly sent back East by their minders .
After this spectacular Russian failure , however , Putin 's `` managed democracy '' looks anachronistic and faces the threat of a real democracy in its neighbor spreading to Russia .
The eurozone sovereign-debt crisis appears to have been the worst-managed financial crisis since Argentina 's default in 2001 .
This mismanagement should disqualify any eurozone policymaker from the IMF 's managing directorship , and yet Christine Lagarde , French finance minister , was named to succeed her compatriot Dominique Strauss-Kahn after his resignation .
Meanwhile , central bankers everywhere ask themselves : why keep ever-larger international reserves in two of the world 's most mismanaged currencies , the US dollar and the euro ?
The West 's economic mismanagement will also reduce its military power .
Syria needs to manage its diverse ethnic and religious composition , and to decide its own position on the Arab-Israeli conflict .
In the case of the western Atlantic stock of blue-fin tuna , several countries argued that the existing management body -- the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas -LRB- ICCAT -RRB- -- is best placed to manage the stock .
Realistic conflict management will replace utopian hopes for conflict resolution .
The IMF should also be more proactive and speak with greater candor in systemically important countries , where shortcomings in financial supervision and crisis management have appeared .
For decades , Friedman remained stranded in the intellectual wilderness , spurning the postwar Keynesian consensus that governments should use fiscal policy to manage aggregate demand -- a view that sustained statist economic policies through the 1970 's .
In the 1960 's , Friedman showed that Keynesian demand management through government spending constantly increased the money supply , accelerating wage and price growth .
Rather than fiscal stimulation and control , the main tool of economic management nowadays is monetary policies conducted by independent central banks .
Keynesian demand management was thus displaced by a new understanding -- which we owe largely to Friedman -- that pursuing fiscal discipline and price stability is the best guarantee of macroeconomic sustainability .
And , though the two councils are certainly staffed by people with the technical credentials needed to manage the economy , few members have any real political skills or experience overseeing bureaucratic bodies .
Instead , bringing together outside expertise and local knowledge of the geography and environmental and economic constraints in order to spread risks and share the management of resources and projects is far more likely to help poor countries achieve food independence .
In southern Ghana , for example , farmers have managed to reduce crop failures arising from rainfall variability and unpredictability by cultivating several drought-tolerant types of the same crop species .
It will allow diplomacy , crisis management and an emerging European defense capability to be used hand in hand with more traditional policies , such as trade and development .
It will allow diplomacy , crisis management and an emerging European defense capability to be used hand in hand with more traditional policies such as trade and development .
Big Firm or managerial capitalism characterizes economies where large firms -- often so-called `` national champions '' -- dominate production and employment .
Western European economies and Japan are leading exemplars of managerial capitalism , which , like state guidance , also has delivered strong economic performance .
But managerial capitalism , too , has its Achilles heel .
Large firms are relatively risk-averse not only because they are bureaucracies , with layers of management required to sign off on any innovation , but also because they are reluctant to back innovations that threaten to render obsolete the products or services that currently account for their profits .
The challenge , then , for all economies seeking to maximize their growth potential is to find the right mix of managerial and entrepreneurial capitalism .
In widely held firms , the concern is about opportunism by managers , who exercise de facto control ; in controlled firms , the concern is about opportunism by the controlling shareholder at the expense of minority shareholders .
Rather , such decisions are likely to reflect the preferences and objectives of the insiders who manage the companies , ostensibly on shareholders ' behalf .
In some countries , such as the US , ownership and control are separated , and companies are de facto controlled by professional managers .
Such managers can be expected to use their influence to obtain and maintain rules that weaken the rights of dispersed shareholders and make it difficult for shareholders to replace them .
Consequently , such decisions can be made without input from ordinary shareholders or independent directors , and without detailed disclosure -- all safeguards that corporate law establishes for other managerial decisions , such as those concerning executive compensation or related-party transactions .
Moreover , a public company 's political spending decisions should not be solely the province of management , as they often are .
But a corporation 's wishes should not be automatically and necessarily equated with those of its management .
The incentives generated by compensation structures determine how firms ' managers behave within the boundaries permitted by such traditional , direct regulations .
Financial firms opposed to pay regulation will likely warn against `` micro-managing '' compensation , and argue that compensation choices must take into account information about each individual manager that regulators are almost certain to lack .
But pay regulation can improve matters without micro-management by setting general standards from which firms may not deviate but that still leave them with significant freedom to account for the individual circumstances of managers .
For example , regulatory standards could require equity-based plans to preclude managers from cashing out awarded shares and options during a certain minimum period after vesting .
In such a case , firms could still remain free to choose the number of shares and options awarded to any given manager , as well as to adjust somewhat the length of the post-vesting period during which cashing out would be precluded .
In addition , depending on their relationship with their own investors , some institutional investors -LRB- for example , mutual fund managers -RRB- may capture only a limited fraction of the increase in value of their portfolios as a result of governance reforms .
Whispered rumors of daily interference from management were only confirmed in private .
Almost four years after it was first launched , neither of the parties has managed to muster the political will necessary to implement its primary provisions .
But Assad managed to emerge from Syria 's forced withdrawal from Lebanon in 2005 to become the broker without whom a Lebanese government could not be created and a president could not be elected .
Precisely when Israel managed to domesticate the Palestinian national movement by forcing it to abandon its revolutionary path in favor of state-building and economic development -- a reorientation undertaken by Zionism as well -- the Israelis decided to draw the Palestinians back to the fundamentals of the conflict .
Indeed , the Obama administration 's main challenge these days is not peacemaking , but regional conflict management and preemption .
Given that most of Sudan 's oil wealth is concentrated in the South , the management of the oil industry and its revenues after secession is an existential problem for Bashir 's regime and its capacity to control his vast and ethnically diverse country .
Indeed , some on the Israeli side argue that , instead of fighting a Palestinian declaration of statehood , Israel should seize the opportunity to turn the conflict into a manageable state-to-state territorial dispute .
Egypt has already managed to draw Hamas away from Syria into an inter-Palestinian reconciliation .
He managed to redress the balance of power with Israel and the United States by mobilizing the vast support that the Palestinian cause elicits in the international community .
However vibrant , Israel 's democracy is not exactly manageable or predictable , either .
With various feints and strategies , Malaysia has effectively managed the tensions between a secular , modernizing agenda and the Islamic faith that the Malays profess .
Second , the EU is building its crisis management know-how on the basis of a global approach .
Like the financially integrated economies of Central and Eastern Europe , the commodity-rich countries have had to manage the complications of rapid inflows of foreign currency .
In some areas , particularly macroeconomic management involving the accumulation and use of stabilization funds , resource-rich transition countries have performed fairly well .
As a result , the exchange-rate risk was passed on to those least able to manage it : households .
A large-scale survey of business managers , reported in this year 's EBRD Transition Report , reveals grave concerns with the availability of skilled labor , the predictability and transparency of taxation , and corruption .
Some countries , like Hungary , have managed to sustain the quality of education , critical for long-term competitiveness .
Georgia has managed to reduce low-level corruption radically , through deep staff cuts , improved compensation to remaining government employees , and stiffer penalties for bribery .
Even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation , as in Afghanistan , NATO 's able new Secretary General , former Dutch foreign minister Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , has to plead for a few helicopters here , a few hundred men there , like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team .
Heavy borrowing also encourages owners and managers to go for broke , because it 's the creditors who bear most of the downside risk .
Additionally , strategies to circumvent the Basel rules made banks more complex and difficult to manage and supervise .
And because stockholders or raiders ca n't force streamlining , governments must require these banks to shed activities that no one can manage or regulate and stick to hands-on case-by-case lending .
As environmental lawyers Richard Webster and Julie LeMense argued in 2008 , `` the nuclear industry ... is like the financial industry was prior to the crisis '' that erupted that year . '' -LRB- T -RRB- here are many risks that are not being properly managed or regulated . ''
The good news is that if we focus on clear , practical , and achievable goals , major reductions can be made in order to ensure that , whatever the precise interim target , the world will fashion a radical new approach within a manageable timeframe .
The surge in food and energy prices is a major emergency for many of these countries , and it needs to be managed carefully .
Both countries managed to reduce inflation gradually while maintaining economic growth .
Thus , the exchange-rate regime in Latin America today is one of actively managed floating .
In a highly integrated world of highly volatile prices and volumes , flexibility also implies the capacity to intervene and actively manage the exchange rate .
Moreover , after his career is over , he is unlikely to become a manager of his sport like Jean-Claude Killy , the former Alpine skier who was co-president of the 1992 winter Olympics , or his fellow football legend Michel Platini , who helped coordinate the 1998 World Cup .
Silvio Berlusconi 's government , together with a fiscally conscious opposition , managed to secure -- in only a few days -- parliamentary approval of a package of measures worth more than ¤ 50 billion , in order to restore market confidence in the soundness of Italy 's economic fundamentals .
In just a single decade , the EU managed to bring poorer , peripheral member states -- Greece , Portugal , Spain , and Ireland -- from 50 % to 90 % of the EU average in per capita income , creating a bigger market for companies from wealthier northern countries , and stemming migration from poorer southern economies .
Despite the considerable advantages of a common currency -LRB- price transparency , lower transaction costs , and inflation credibility , to name a few -RRB- , the difficulty of macroeconomic management of such diverse economies looms larger than ever .
California 's government rarely manages to satisfy the balanced-budget requirement in the state constitution .
Any institution that is or could quickly become too big to fail needs to have adequate capital -LRB- rising with size -RRB- , and real-time continuous monitoring of risk , but these measures should be implemented without overbearing micromanagement .
Unfortunately , the numbers do n't add up and he is laying twin time bombs with the explosion of federal government debt and inefficient government micromanagement of the economy .
But the attempt by Japan 's powerful trade and industry , and finance ministries to micromanage the economy is one reason the Japanese wound up with a burst asset bubble , a lost decade , three recessions , and by far the highest public debt-to-GDP ratio of any advanced economy .
In many countries , their fiscal position has collapsed under the combined weight of mismanagement and the global economic and financial crisis .
But speedy growth always incites turbulence , which China will have to minimize and manage .
Can they manage the flow of information and ideas through the blogosphere as online activists open yet another front in their battle for free information ?
The Party leadership has grown more self-assured in its growing international role , but its ability to manage the pace of change at home has become more uncertain .
Without opposition support , Lebanon 's government can do little more than manage the most basic day-to-day state functions , but the country is unlikely to relapse into civil war .
Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki will have to manage relations with firebrand Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and his followers , who can provoke unrest in southern Iraq if they feel under-served .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
Aside from adaptation , Africa can also play a role in mitigating climate change through more sustainable forest and land management .
The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries . The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation , forest restoration , and improved agricultural management .
Widely unnoticed , Iraqi Sunni and Shia centralists have managed in the last couple of months to form a united parliamentary platform that leaves sectarian tensions behind .
He blocked the sale of regional energy companies , for example , because he claims that their privatization will threaten Ukraine 's `` national security , '' though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening Ukraine 's security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs .
Until now , no Arab society has managed to harmonize these opposing trends .
After all , the Israeli Prime Minister has made it clear that he favors continued conflict management in terms of `` economic peace '' over far-reaching political processes based on mutual respect and cooperation .
If EID 's were rare , management through crisis response might be cost-effective .
By contrast , the emerging-market countries , after a short slide , have managed to re-ignite their growth engines and are sailing full-speed ahead , racking up impressive growth rates .
In Europe , bickering between leaders revealed the lack of solidarity underpinning European ideals and gave full view to the persistence of national egoisms against which the European project had managed to define itself since the end of World War II .
No one has managed to speak to a victim of torture in Uzbekistan .
Lula will face a similar situation to that which confronted President Cardoso , whose Social Democratic Party -LRB- PSDB -RRB- managed over the course of eight years to push through legislation on the basis of party coalitions that looked highly unstable to outsiders .
They also suggest the continuance of a sort of moral-hazard approach to economic management that ensures foreign help whenever the country drives itself to the edge of an abyss .
Pakistan 's civilian government also seemed to be dropping the ball in the economic field , as poor management by the authorities was driving the country towards another crisis .
It will be lucky if it manages to achieve 2.8 % , one half of that expected in Bangladesh and one-third of that projected for India .
How they are managed in the year ahead will determine not only Pakistan 's immediate future and long-term prospects , but also the security of its region and , indeed , much of the world .
They are managed by equally professional press handlers , masters of spin and the television sound bite .
Or that the national English team would be managed by an Italian ?
Strache , the leader of the Freedom Party , wants the government to create a new ministry to manage the deportation of immigrants .
The Communist government managed to stay in power after Tiananmen not just through brute force .
If China manages one day to follow the example of South Korea , Japan , and Taiwan , and join the `` mainstream of civilized nations '' by establishing a liberal democracy , then December 10 , 2008 , will go down in history as one of the key dates of its conception .
Damaged Democracy New York -- Even before the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , decided to throttle what little legitimacy was left of Iran 's `` managed democracy , '' it was a peculiar system , indeed .
Communists always had a tendency to dismiss the differences between candidates in liberal democracies -LRB- let alone `` managed '' ones -RRB- . They were just different faces of the same rotten system .
And , without idealism , politics becomes a form of accounting , a management of purely material interests .
They hoped that men who managed to accumulate so much personal wealth could do the same for their voters .
During the 1980 's , South Korea , the Philippines , and Taiwan managed to ditch their dictators , partly because they were utterly dependent on US arms and money .
Although the Dutch government is still managed mostly by mainstream , steady-as-you-go Christian Democrats , right-wing populism is growing .
This rapprochement is a consequence of the growing recognition that asset-price cycles must be taken into account for both macroeconomic management and financial supervision .
Now financial risks are deemed to be sufficiently important for macroeconomic management to warrant regulatory arrangements going beyond that of the microprudential supervisor .
Beyond capital rules , however , monetary policy and financial supervision must cooperate very closely on liquidity management , particularly through credit mechanisms .
But there are reasons to wonder whether continued efforts at polio eradication -- as opposed to aggressive and effective disease management and control -- is the right course to follow .
Morales passed a constitutional reform that included changes in the conception and role of the state , private property , and management of natural resources and taxes .
Democrats have even managed to beat the Republicans on their own turf .
I recently co-authored a study -LRB- with Tim Dyson , Leela Visaria and others -RRB- that concludes , with modest optimism , that while India can manage its population growth , it also faces a number of major difficulties .
As with the other challenges posed by population growth , the issue is not whether the future can be managed , but whether it will be .
In the space of just 30 years , Berlusconi 's TV stations managed to impose this illusory portrait of success on Italian society .
And today , the ambition of many working-class Italian mothers is to see their daughters become a successful scantily clad `` velina '' who , in turn , manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-TV heartthrob or some budding young football player .
The former cabaret singer who became one of the richest businessman in the world , has also managed to become Italy 's most powerful politician -- and one of the world 's most colorful .
Chávez baited Bush at almost every stop along the way , but the US leader evaded the provocations , and indeed , probably bested Chávez in the sense that an unpopular US president managed to dominate the agenda and take the battle of ideas directly to Latin American audiences , with whom the Venezuelans and the Cubans are in contact every day .
From there , scientists believed , the signals went on to the part of the brain 's cortex that managed body awareness , and somehow the cortex turned them into conscious experience .
Sometimes , well-off sections of low castes broke away to form new castes and managed to achieve higher ritual status .
Cuba 's internal system is one that Rivero managed to avoid annoying too much until March of this year .
More recently , in discussing the Bank 's 2004 report Making Services Work for Poor People , officials put Cuba among countries like Sri Lanka , Costa Rica , and China that `` managed to achieve a level of outcomes in health and education that are extremely favorable . ''
But then , in 1999 , Dorje staged a stunning escape to India via Nepal , attracting the world 's attention , but also deep suspicion because of the apparent ease with which he and his entourage managed to flee .
No other country has ever managed to assume such unchallenged riparian preeminence on a continent by controlling the headwaters of multiple international rivers and manipulating their cross-border flows .
China deflects attention from its refusal to share water , or to enter into institutionalized cooperation to manage common rivers sustainably , by flaunting the accords that it has signed on sharing flow statistics with riparian neighbors .
China 's ascent , however , is dividing Asia , and its future trajectory will depend on how its neighbors and other players , like the US , manage its rapidly accumulating power .
China also managed to convince three nations to shift loyalty away from Taipei 's meager diplomatic corps during President Chen 's three years in office .
This needs to be the year when a cure for environmental degradation is found and a far more intelligent management of a natural world starts taking shape : this will be a key breakthrough for the wealth but also increasingly the health of humanity in the 21st century .
A third are damaged beyond repair , another third are hopelessly unprofitable , and the rest are a mismanaged assortment of plants , a few of which could potentially produce something of value , but only with proper management and incentives .
As a result , scientists and engineers face a daunting task during the Anthropocene era : to guide us towards environmentally sustainable management .
In Europe , it is probably the most serious social issue today , because no one has a clear idea about how to manage the resulting clash of cultures .
The Social Democrats -LRB- SPD -RRB- and the Christian Democrats -LRB- CDU -RRB- are both committed to the `` social market economy , '' to the essentials of corporatist economic management , to maintaining the entitlements of the welfare state , and to the EU and NATO .
Those who do not manage to get to other countries , or who fail in the countries to which they have migrated , are in a quandary .
If we do not wish to be submerged in violence and authoritarian responses to it , international institutions must do for the modernizing world what the EU has managed to do for the postcommunist countries .
Many people object to business managers who take away in pay , bonuses , and stock options hundreds of millions of dollars from their companies .
Mostly they enter the political scene from the fringes but manage to form a highly personalized grouping , like Jörg Haider and his Austrian Freedom Party , Jean-Marie LePen and his French Nationalists , Andrzej Lepper and his Polish Peasant Party , or Prime Minister Robert Fico and his Direction in Slovakia .
One is that a surprising number of populist leaders have managed to get themselves into power in recent years .
When it comes to the formation of governments , women have managed to break out of the prison of their traditional domains , such as education and social affairs .
One alternative is to let universities shrink again to a manageable size .
Eighteen months ago , at the Tampere summit , EU leaders said that they recognized `` the need for more efficient management of migration flows . '' What they really meant , however , was stronger measures to tackle illegal immigration .
The EU will , instead , need a large , managed immigration policy .
Publicly , each claims legitimacy by offering to the wider society dynamic programs of modernization , liberalization and competent economic management ; privately they promise their friends that they will promote sectoral interests and preserve social privileges .
They could no longer claim their traditional role as the party of reliable economic management because , during its four years in power , New Labor delivered an impressive record of economic competence and stability , with high growth and low inflation .
President Clinton presided over eight years of successful fiscal management and prosperity , so George W. Bush could not claim this middle ground .
The immediate issue is management of the EU Council of Ministers .
One might characterize this as a dialogue of the deaf , except that most deaf people manage to communicate with each other quite well , through sign language and other means .
Not all of them are , of course , for there are poorly paid bank clerks and cleaners who count in this category . But is it possible to justify the enormous rewards earned -- or should we say received -- by investment bankers , hedge fund managers and private equity partners ?
There is also evidence to support that proposition from the observable fact that rewards in the less regulated parts of the asset management sector - hedge funds etc - are typically higher than in Security and Exchange Commission regulated competitors .
Researchers there argue that in fragile speculative industries -LRB- and finance has certainly been in that category in recent years -RRB- it is hard for investors to monitor those who manage their money .
They would like to carve up the megabanks and especially to separate retail banking from securities trading , or what is often now called `` casino banking . '' -LRB- In fact , the analogy is unfair to casino owners , who have a much stronger record in risk management than do most investment banks -RRB- .
Depending on size , this might constrain the ambitions of institutions that have plainly been `` too big to manage , '' as well as `` too big to fail , '' which is the most fearsome combination .
We need new capital , and new approaches to management , in the banking system .
This episode , which other central banks watched with great interest , tended to reinforce the views of those who are skeptical of monetary authorities ' ability to manage exchange rates .
How Lula , a former metal worker and founder of CUT , which also represents most automobile workers , manages relations with the trade unions will be critical .
El Salvador , following the end of its civil war , managed to avoid reverting to conflict or becoming aid-dependent , owing mainly to its emphasis on efforts to reintegrate former combatants from both sides and other war-affected people into the national security forces , the political process , or economically productive activities .
In some countries , corporate managers are disciplined by the representatives of large universal banks who sit on corporate boards and vote large blocks of shares .
In many countries , managers ' leashes are also held by families of plutocrats who exercise control through pyramids of companies and special classes of stock .
· managerial failures were supposed to trigger hostile takeovers ;
· even before a takeover occurs , managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors , especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover ;
· managers were to pursue good performance at all costs , because their stock options and other performance-related compensation made their own fortunes tied to that of shareholders and the corporation .
Within those constraints , American managers were supposed to exercise considerably more discretion than their foreign counterparts , so that they could use their business judgment without being shackled and second-guessed .
But for this system to work solid information about under-performing companies must be available to investors and the link between the pay of top managers and company performance must be real .
Instead , what evolved was a lax accounting system and a `` heads you win , tails your options will be re-priced and you still win '' method of managerial compensation .
Moreover , the greed of bosses can not be the sole determinant of managerial remuneration .
Some say that it was the disenchantment of the world : the shift from a worldview that relied on prayer and the propitiation of spirits to one that relied on rational manipulation and management of nature and of society .
There are no places where a shortage of qualified labor or of available capacity is sufficiently great to induce managers to pay more than they have been used to paying for good hands or useful machines .
If it is , the world needs to develop other institutions for global management -- and quickly .
In the short run , rapid productivity growth poses dilemmas for macroeconomic management , because what would otherwise be seen as reasonably strong demand growth is proving to be insufficient to keep unemployment low .
Rubin also used the remarkable management skills that he had honed as chairman of the investment bank Goldman Sachs to great effect .
All of these sources contributed to the flow of money into the US , which was thus enabled to invest much more than it had managed to save .
Indeed , the tendency towards superficiality in coverage of economic issues may have led campaign managers to believe that the press will so distort their message that they dare not even try to set out what they regard as the true rationales for their economic policies .
Others -- especially managers of financial assets -- are becoming increasingly convinced that economists do n't know very much , and that what they do know is of no use to traders like themselves .
Workers in certain industries find their skills in higher demand as foreigners spend their increased dollar earnings , consumers benefit from lower prices , and shareholders and managers see their companies ' profits increase .
Friedman and Keynes both agreed that successful macroeconomic management was necessary - that the private economy on its own might well be subject to unbearable instability and that strategic , powerful , but limited economic intervention by the government was necessary to maintain stability .
Keynes saw himself as the enemy of laissez-faire and an advocate of public management .
This is not because a CEO 's work effort and negotiation and management skills are ten times more valuable nowadays , but because other corporate stakeholders have become less able to constrain top managers and financiers from capturing more of the value-added .
Bush let the managers manage the team and the financial guys run the business .
A decade ago , Alan Greenspan likened his problems of monetary management to driving a new car , having it suddenly stop , opening the hood , and not understanding a thing about what he saw .
In this scenario , once again China continues to attempt to maintain full employment by keeping the renminbi undervalued . But this time , the Chinese government manages to restrain domestic inflation , so America 's trade deficit with Asia stops falling and starts rising again , as does Europe 's , while Latin America finds itself priced out of its export markets .
As a result , high prices for scarce resources lead not to zero - or negative-sum political games of transfer but to positive-sum economic games of training more craft workers and engineers , mentoring more entrepreneurs and managers , and investing in more machines and buildings .
The consequence has been a loss of morale among those of us who trusted market forces and social-democratic governments to prove Marx wrong about income distribution in the long run -- and a search for new and different tools of economic management .
Wolf recently excoriated the world 's big banks as an industry with an extraordinary `` talent for privatising gains and socialising losses ... -LRB- and -RRB- get -LRB- ting -RRB- ... self-righteously angry when public officials ... fail to come at once to their rescue when they get into -LRB- well-deserved -RRB- trouble ... -LRB- T -RRB- he conflicts of interest created by large financial institutions are far harder to manage than in any other industry . ''
Instead , the keys to growth and development appeared to lie beyond an increase in capital intensity as measured by capital-output ratios : skills , education , technology broadly understood , and improvements in organizational management .
And we can hope that these capital flows will carry with them the institutions and managerial expertise that have made the core so wealthy .
Expectations are always the hardest thing for leftist leaders to manage .
Either central banks would manage somehow to thread the needle and guide exchange rates and asset prices back to some stable and sustainable equilibrium configuration , or the chaos and disruption in financial markets would spill over into the real economy and a major global downturn would begin .
On the financial side , however , the magnitude of the chaos is staggering : mammoth failures of risk management on the part of highly leveraged financial institutions that must be first-rate risk managers in order to survive .
The US Treasury is asking the private sector to put $ 35 billion into this $ 500 billion fund so that the fund managers all have some `` skin in the game , '' and thus do not take excessive risks with the taxpayers ' money .
If the fund does well over the next five years -- returns profits of 9 % per year -- private investors get a market rate of return on their very risky equity investment and the equivalent of an `` annual management fee '' equal to 2 % of assets under management .
If the portfolio does less well -- profits of 4 % per year -- the managers still get a healthy but sub-market return of 10 % per year on their equity .
And 2 % of assets under management is an annual fee that many sophisticated investors have been willing to pay private hedge funds -- topped off with an extra fee of 20 % of annual profits , which the Treasury is not paying .
Second , high finance provides an arena to curb the worst abuses by managers of large corporations .
Shareholder democracy simply does not work , but managers ' fear that if the stock price drops too low they will be out on their ears provides a useful restraint .
That would have preserved the functioning of the system while severely punishing the banking and shadow-banking systems ' equity holders , and today nobody would be claiming that their risk management practices were adequate and did not need reform .
Indeed , we should do it repeatedly , until there are signs that additional stimulus may start to threaten price or debt-management stability , or until unemployment falls far enough to make Barro 's multipliers overestimates .
Low interest rates mean that the additional debt burdens that public borrowing will create can remain manageable .
The use of social dialogue for crisis management should be increased , because trust must be rebuilt .
It is also clear that the West 's future role will depend on how America manages this new distribution of power .
As the yen appreciated , Japan responded not by exporting less but by improving productivity and quality control through plant and equipment investment and innovations in factory management , making possible rapid growth in exports of high-value-added products .
Local officials and managers had a variety of reasons for not complying with the NDRC 's order .
Finally , developing-country governments are beginning to prioritize health care and are seeking cost-efficient outcomes , as well as the means to effectively manage disease burdens .
Such an approach will require that each side exercise broad restraint and live with the ambiguity of working with a strong adversary to manage profound differences .
Finally , in 1970 a splendid computer innovation enabled the proper alignment of amino acid sequences -LRB- which is vital to all subsequent data management -RRB- .
In America , for example , it is illegal to ship wine privately from California to Massachusetts because wine wholesalers in Massachusetts managed to have a Federal law established that protects their huge profit margins .
When American Congressional committees weaken regulatory oversight of their business friends ; when accounting firms surrender their independence because of the lure of mega-contracts ; when corporate boards ca n't say no because the fees of board members are stunningly large relative to the effort ; and when managers live in a frenzy of self-dealing , the stage is set for capitalism to lose its reputation .
Capitalism involves a delicate problem of agency and trust ; giving managers the green light for entrepreneurship is not enough to make certain that the interests of investors are safeguarded ; nor is it enough for stock markets to price securities realistically .
The failure of Long Term Capital Management a few years ago provided a lesson about risk management and the need to not be dreamy-eyed about a string of huge returns .
Nothing remotely illegal happened then ; there was no government bailout nor facilitation of management 's errors .
By contrast the Enron affair involved impropriety and perhaps criminal conduct of just about anyone coming close to management .
Moreover , it is not yet clear whether or not top Enron managers wo n't walk away with a bundle of cash while the company 's workers lose their retirement assets .
But to imprison corrupt managers , regulators and politicians is an essential element of a functioning and respected capitalism .
The setback to the fragile gains of recent years , particularly in Africa , threatens to return millions of people to the extreme poverty from which they had just managed to escape .
Futures markets have evolved historically in response to market participants ' need to manage price risks , and they are an indispensable marketing tool for many commodities .
So a country that has managed to produce Carlos Slim , reckoned to be the second wealthiest man in the world , produces millions of others who scrape by on two dollars a day .
Over the past 20 years , the usual culprits seem to be low labor productivity , bad macroeconomic management , and divided governments that make legislative consensus almost impossible .
In short , the CIO would not press the government on `` tech policy , '' such as the rollout of broadband , but would set strategy about how to collect , manage , and disseminate information for public use and analysis .
Second , Internet service providers , which are in the best position to manage the security of individual users ' machines , need to get more involved -- again with a system that understands the costs of poor security and charges those costs back to the people responsible .
Such a system is relatively expensive to manage , but it is cheaper than the costs of not having it .
Clearly , the liquidity of the shares and the perception of a lack of diligence on the part of corporate managers matters mightily .
Despite the unique status of Libya 's economy and political system today , scrutinizing the process of investment in foreign companies , as well as defining the nature of the relationships between the Libyan regime and fund management , is necessary to ensure healthy commercial relations between sovereigns and their portfolio investments .
Uribe has even managed , despite being a US ally , to get the support of Cuba 's Fidel Castro , who appears to have abandoned his support for armed revolutionary struggle in Latin America , instead viewing success at the ballot box -- the PAD in Colombia , Hugo Chávez in Venezuela , and Evo Morales in Bolivia -- as the way forward .
Europe should have used its regulatory power and managed the conflict between systemic and competitive risk that all this emergency public funding was generating , but the competition watchdog 's contradictory request that companies receiving funding should reduce credit to their clients made this well nigh impossible .
The Davignon `` manifest crisis '' cartels , which once helped manage the European steel industry 's decline , urgently need to be revived .
In practice , few of us can manage to compartmentalize our perceptions -- and , perhaps , doing so would not be desirable .
The one thing that could precipitate the demise of the dollar would be reckless economic mismanagement in the US .
And for this the IMF 's strong , politically astute management -- not exactly something from which the Fund has regularly benefited in recent years -- deserves credit .
Zhu will thus be part of the core management team .
The best way to ensure that the IMF 's management is accountable to all of its governmental shareholders is to prevent the top job from becoming the sinecure of any region , whether Europe or Asia .
Staff and management should be tasked with producing a biannual report on the international monetary system .
The fear underlying such questions rests on a misunderstanding of the behavior of central-banks reserve managers .
Reserve managers do not have the high-powered financial incentives of hedge fund managers to seek to maximize returns .
They can adopt a longer time horizon , because , unlike private fund managers , they do not have to satisfy impatient investors .
Compared to private investors , then , central-bank reserve managers are more likely to act as stabilizing speculators . The result will be to make the exchange rates between the three international currencies more stable , not less .
It is harder to grow when construction workers and hedge-fund managers have to be retrained to work as welders and nurses .
Firms in both manufacturing and services are adopting new information technologies -- today 's analog to small electric motors -- to optimize supply chains and quality-management systems .
In the 1930 's , the countries that raised their tariffs and tightened their quotas the most were those with the least ability to manage their exchange rates -- namely , countries that remained on the gold standard .
Enterprise managers promoted from the shop floor were , it is said , second rate .
There is no systematic evidence that British managers were inferior .
Indeed , expanding the pool of potential managers beyond the children of a firm 's founders had precisely the opposite effect . It allowed the cream to rise to the top .
Silicon Valley companies do not complain of a dearth of talented managers .
The IMF 's management would also have to be empowered to decide on SDR issuance , just as the Fed can decide to offer currency swaps .
But if the IMF is to have a future , its management will have to issue stronger warnings about the next dangerously large US current-account deficit , the next unsustainable housing boom , or whatever large-country problem succeeds them .
· With virtually no earned income and dwindling savings , the unemployed are least able to manage the current surge in gasoline and food prices , they are effectively shut off from credit , and many have mortgage debt that exceed the value of their homes .
They have also paid back a significant share of external debt and converted much of what remains into more manageable local-currency liabilities .
Preaching nationalism , its managers will believe in their universal competence , as opposed to KGB-style professionalism and corporatism .
Russia , Prokhorov concludes , is a feudal society , with Putin 's political monopoly and economic mismanagement exacerbating the so-called `` natural-resource curse '' that afflicts many oil-exporting countries .
But the truth is that it is sheer dumb luck -- not statesmanship , good professional management , or anything inherently stable about the world 's nuclear weapon systems -- that has let us survive so long without catastrophe .
Some people would prefer China to move to a totally free market without regulation and management , but the recent crises have reminded everyone that free-market fundamentalism has its drawbacks , too .
China may resume a `` managed float '' of its exchange rate , particularly if the uncertainty of the overall post-crisis economic situation diminishes .
That means that investment is extremely high -- and that , despite the high share of infrastructure investment , there is an urgent need to manage the potential risks .
While some countries are still dealing with economic crisis or its aftermath , China 's challenge is -- once again -- how to manage a boom .
Economic theory holds that all crises are caused by bubbles or over-heating , so if you can manage to prevent bubbles , you can prevent crises .
But this requires careful preparation , adjustment and management .
Moreover , some aspects of patient management emerged as risk factors for not completing therapy , which suggests difficulties in access to health services for TB patients .
Because of the lagged effects of monetary policy and the need to manage expectations , early tightening by the Fed would be appropriate .
While some of the funds serve that purpose and must be held in the most liquid form , most of these large holdings are investment funds that will be managed to balance risk and return .
It has an unmanageable level of government debt -LRB- 150 % of GDP , rising this year by ten percentage points -RRB- , a collapsing economy -LRB- with GDP down by more than 7 % this year , pushing the unemployment rate up to 16 % -RRB- , a chronic balance-of-payments deficit -LRB- now at 8 % of GDP -RRB- , and insolvent banks that are rapidly losing deposits .
Such a strategy of `` default and devalue '' has been standard fare for countries in other parts of the world when they were faced with unmanageably large government debt and a chronic current-account deficit .
Fortunately , we managed to avoid economic collapse , thanks to support from the International Monetary Fund , while reducing the deficit by half .
Democracy has , of course , degenerated into what is sometimes called `` managed democracy . ''
Indeed , US military withdrawal from Iraq can be accomplished without causing a major regional catastrophe only if America manages to establish such a minimum of regional stability .
Another piece of bad -LRB- or good ? -RRB- news is that a more multilateral American policy will increase the pressure on Europeans to take on more responsibility for international crisis management and conflict resolution -- in Afghanistan , Iran , Iraq , the Middle East , Transcaucasia , and Russia , and with respect to Turkey 's future .
Before too long , Russia 's `` managed '' -LRB- read : authoritarian -RRB- modernization will also have to allow for the rule of law and a functioning separation of powers , or the country will remain dependent on oil and gas prices and mired in a brutal struggle for power , influence , and money .
· Should Iran manage to become a nuclear power , the Saudis ' existential fears would dramatically escalate . More generally , the currency of conventional military power in the Middle East would largely lose its value , inevitably resulting in a regional nuclear arms race .
In nearly all strategic aspects of EU crisis management , Germany and France are blocking each other -- although ironically , both are doing virtually the same thing .
What amazes our neighbors and partners -- and increasingly causes distrust -- is that ever since the beginning of the global meltdown last September , the German government has focused almost exclusively on national crisis management , rebuffing any and all attempts at a European approach .
To ask these questions -- and many more -- is to answer them : only a strong , substantially more integrated EU can manage all this .
It will have to manage a realignment that includes a possible coalition with the Left at the federal level , but without moving too far to the left in policy terms .
It is in Berlin and Paris , first and foremost , that the crisis-management strategy for the eurozone must be decided .
The situation is the same with respect to global growth , energy , resource management , climate change , environment , nuclear proliferation , arms control , and terrorism .
VIENNA -- Of the world 's almost seven billion people , about one billion are starving , owing to a long list of unfortunate local events and circumstances , together with steadily increasing demand , unpredictable weather patterns , and poor financial management .
When the scale of the crisis became clear last year , many were certain that it would be managed badly .
But perhaps we should be grateful that it was managed at all .
There is pressure to re-write the history of this crisis by depicting effects as if they were causes , and to blame the governments that managed the crisis for starting it .
Phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labor market and monetary management .
Because fundamental equality is granted in this way , the British system manages to cope better than others do with a greater expression of distinctive identities .
Moreover , hedge fund managers can easily `` fake '' high performance without getting caught .
Moreover , Oz 's fee is the standard `` two and twenty '' : 2 % for funds under management plus a 20 % performance bonus for returns that exceed some benchmark -- say , 4 % .
Moreover , the outcome for investors is the same even if managers are honest and merely think that they can beat the market .
The bottom line is that hedge fund managers put their investors at risk , yet assume little risk themselves .
If the fund blows up , investors can not tell whether it was due to bad management or just bad luck .
Fraud is difficult to prove , because managers can always say that they thought the odds were better than were .
Requiring managers to apprise investors of downside exposure would help even more . Alternatively , managers could guarantee limits on losses , similar to a car manufacturer 's warranty .
This increased domestic focus at the expense of foreign investments is compounded by a contraction in assets under management during times of crisis .
Although the approach to interest rate management by the two central banks has claimed the most attention , the different styles of each in their interventions in global currency markets bears watching because of their impact on growth .
Moreover , although the European Commission clearly has a duty to prevent mismanagement and fraud , every application for EU funding requires extremely onerous procedures .
Our experience so far has taught us that university managers should not accommodate rising student populations by inflating their core business .
Academics are easily flattered by talk about `` knowledge management '' and the `` knowledge society . ''
Consequently , academics are losing control of their performance standards to `` knowledge managers . ''
A fast food chain , on the other hand , is supposedly a `` smart organization '' because it makes the most of its relatively low-skilled staff through the alchemy of good management .
Academics remain largely in denial about the impact of knowledge management .
Indeed , many academics -- not just professional knowledge managers -- have endorsed recent steps to disaggregate the `` unity of teaching and research '' that has defined the university since the early 19
It would be a mistake to blame knowledge managers , or , for that matter , neo-liberal ideology , for this instrumental view of universities as `` service providers . ''
Efficiency-minded knowledge managers nowadays say that the very idea of the university as a place where the same people produce and distribute knowledge is a throwback to the Middle Ages .
Throughout 2004 , it became abundantly clear that Russia 's internal security apparatus had gained the upper hand in deciding how to manage economic and political problems .
I think that when the authorities conceive such strategies , they assume that the outcome will be manageable .
But China 's crisis management is only part of the story .
Cautious macroeconomic management during China 's boom , including early self-adjustment , put China in a favorable position .
The lesson is that booms have to be managed adeptly , and that financiers have to be supervised in their pursuit of ever-higher returns .
No doubt , government macroeconomic management that is too strong may delay necessary market-oriented reforms .
The CCAMLR has pioneered ecosystem and precautionary approaches to fisheries management , which are now central to maintaining Antarctic krill .
Under the banner of `` integrated pest management , '' hundreds of invasive species are now successfully controlled by strategies that restrict the population growth of pests but do not attempt to eradicate them
Yet Putin managed simultaneously to celebrate his anti-Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of his local minions as a world leader .
Experience elsewhere demonstrates that government-imposed `` revolutionary co-management '' of enterprises will not solve Venezuela 's economic problems .
Chile boasts orthodox fiscal and monetary management , a very open economy , and a dynamic private sector .
This means assuring compassionate nursing home care , coordinated management of chronic diseases , and competent palliative care as death approaches , rather than using ever more technology to try to eke out a little more life .
By demanding quantifiable results , donors may force program managers to choose easily achieved targets over less measurable actions that accord with sound humanitarian principles .
Yet , despite all this , Lukashenko manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia -LRB- i.e. , a single currency -RRB- .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
These factors clearly played a role , but , overall , if a body of scientifically inclined people from the inner city had been involved in flood control and evacuation planning , the consequences of hurricane Katrina would certainly have been managed more effectively .
At the same time , relief efforts should be managed by a local science center that is known and trusted by those in danger .
Oceans belong to everyone except those near landmasses , which are managed in a similar manner to the country 's land-bound borders .
This situation would be disastrous if it could not be closely managed , because people would broadcast on top of one another .
Our ability to prevent `` water wars '' will depend on our collective capacity to anticipate tensions , and to find the technical and institutional solutions to manage emerging conflicts .
No surprise , then , that governments have sought to manage our expectations carefully .
Sensible risk management today dictates that atmospheric carbon should be stabilized at 350 parts per million of CO2 equivalent , not the current pathway of 450-500ppm CO2e .
But , even with favorable world market conditions , we did not manage to solve the problem of poverty , in which millions of Russians still live .
The new Russia has transcended its Soviet identity and managed to put down uprisings in the post-Soviet space as far away as Tajikistan .
In eternal Russia , nothing changes when it comes to monetary management .
Many ill-managed public or semi-public enterprises only survive because they are saturated by state subsidies .
Instead , Putin has allowed Gazprom 's management to block proposals from his own government on the long overdue unbundling of the company .
Local officials remain involved in running listed firms , and while regulatory institutions remain weak , asset stripping on the part of managers and owners is extensive .
But demand for asset management outstrips supply , and several thousand financial-management , trust , and consultancy companies now manage individual and corporate wealth .
A survey conducted in 2001 suggests that funds under their management account for about 40 % of the market . # 7 .
The CSRC , the securities and fund-management firms , and listed companies are all ultimately owned by the state and so little improvement in regulation is likely . For much of the 1990s , the political logic was clear : use the stock market to finance former SOEs and slacken regulation .
The explanation is simple : the problems that underlie the crisis -LRB- the precarious state of Greek public finances and that of the Spanish real estate sector -RRB- have not been solved , though they should actually be easily manageable in a pan-European context .
So , the real question is why problems of manageable proportion on Europe 's periphery are paralyzing the eurozone 's entire banking system .
The same applies to real-estate agents , social workers , and managers of credit-card accounts .
It is relatively easy to manage a structural shift out of manufacturing during a real-estate boom , but it is much more difficult to re-establish a competitive manufacturing sector once it has been lost .
Today , China has replaced Germany -LRB- and Japan -RRB- as the world 's top exporter -- but with one difference : it manages its exchange rate tightly , using capital controls and massive intervention in currency markets .
But Germans still own indirectly the houses they live in through their investments with life-insurance companies and savings societies , which own and manage a large proportion of the country 's housing estates .
The next bust can be avoided only if emerging markets manage the dream of homeownership better than the US and Europe .
But all of them would be easier to manage with calmer financial markets .
This would give management considerable de facto independence , since under the one person , one vote principle the larger member countries could no longer block issues just because they are politically inconvenient .
The EMF -LRB- or rather ESF , as some have dubbed it , for European Stability Fund -RRB- could manage an orderly default of an EMU member country that fails to comply with the conditions attached to an adjustment program .
For example , the economic governance working group had agreed that monetary policy should be managed at Union level by an independent central bank , the ECB .
The economic boom brought on by soaring global demand for commodities -- Argentina is a leading exporter of soy beans , corn , wheat , honey , and limes , for example -- resulted from a shift in Argentine farming that pre-dates the Kirchners : the old landholders have given way to operators with managerial skills .
Their management of the economy , which included a deluge of subsidies , reduced unemployment and poverty .
In fact , the allegedly Islamic party had skilfully managed to negotiate with an unrelenting US , consult with the Turkish military and President , and share all information with the public and parliament .
With careful management , Turkey may find itself drawing closer to Europe , while rebuilding its relationship with America .
This depreciation would perhaps be justifiable had Nigeria managed to use easy money to narrow the gap between ordinary Nigerians ' standard of living and that of people living in Britain .
At best , Russia is a potential partner in the effort to manage globalization 's challenges ; at worst , it is a potential problem .
A new regional institution could be based on an existing one -LRB- such as the six-party arrangement used to manage North Korea 's nuclear challenge -RRB- or start afresh .
If internationally managed enriched-uranium or spent-fuel banks are established , countries could gain access to nuclear power but not come to control the material needed for bombs .
Many of these challenges are less problems to be solved than conditions to be managed .
Moreover , contemporary problems -- for example , thwarting the spread of materials and weapons of mass destruction , maintaining an open world economy , slowing climate change , and combating terrorism -- can not be managed , much less solved , by any single country .
These countries lack the resources and often the will to manage most of the world 's problems .
In the long run , the US needs to generate domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open world economy and slowing climate change .
Disease is not something that can be eliminated , but often it can be managed .
These elements of a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy can reduce the threat to manageable , or at least tolerable , levels .
Food production has not only kept up with population growth but has managed somehow to outstrip it .
The government has established a new agency , Central Hujin Investment Company , to manage and re-capitalize big state-owned banks before they are sold .
Until recently , an exchange-rate peg dominated China 's monetary policy , with interest rates unchanged for nine years until October 2004 , as the government attempted to manage lending through administrative guidance and credit controls .
In the future , China will have to rely more heavily on interest rates to manage monetary policy , using the price of capital , not political considerations , to influence how firms make investment decisions .
China has played an important role in financing the US budget deficit in recent years , thanks to its effort to manage the renminbi 's exchange rate against the dollar .
The inspectors even managed to falter when they stumbled across hard evidence of Iraqi cheating .
-LRB- Here , I and experts from around the world have been calling for the creation of a Supranational Commission for Water and Energy to ensure the kind of sustainable resource management that the Strategic Foresight Group has labeled `` Blue Peace . '' -RRB-
It adopted a sophisticated public-debt management strategy that lengthened the maturity of its liabilities and put in place the toughest banking standards in the developing world , allowing first-rate foreign banks to dominate its financial sector .
The main challenge for policymakers when crisis strikes is thus to manage market expectations .
The fund will be managed with the utmost transparency , and in a way that will most benefit those in the affected regions .
Other large-scale financial commitments were made to Oman and Jordan , both Saudi allies that have managed to silence early whispers of mass protest .
Unmanaged rivers regularly overflow their banks and inundate villages during typhoon season , much as they did a thousand years ago .
How Obama manages calls from both the left and the right for more action could well shape the environment in which the process -- owned and managed by Arabs -- eventually unfolds .
How did he manipulate Sunni-Shia relations , or manage the complexities of Iraq 's tribal system , so well ?
Might there be a causal relation between the Bush administration 's cavalier , if not hostile , attitude toward law and its dazzling inability to acknowledge mistakes and manage midstream readjustments ?
We can stage round-table after round-table to discuss the importance of our relations with China , but if issues like Iran , Africa , or other trouble spots are not managed better , the West will inevitably consider China a security threat .
Meanwhile , at the national level , it is essential that biodiversity conservation is `` mainstreamed , '' becoming an integral part of government policy and sustainable management practices worldwide .
Poverty alleviation , central to the UN Millennium Development Goals , is largely measured in GDP growth , but must include sustainable management of the natural capital on which economic health depends .
Community-based , volunteer-managed education campaigns covering 80 % of South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa would cost $ 798 million a year .
But the story did n't end when police officers managed to talk him down .
He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
New leaders must also expect and manage setbacks .
But the weight give to the exchange rate is higher today in the US-China dispute , because , whereas Japan had a `` managed float '' exchange-rate regime in the 1980 's and 1990 's , the Chinese exercise much tighter control over the renminbi .
By contrast , in large part because of my father , I managed to complete high school , then medical school , and become a general practitioner .
Development of water infrastructure is vital for the Maghreb , so if there is one issue that should unite the region , it is management and allocation of water resources .
Indeed , the nature of the risks involved was not clear , it seems , even to regulators or the senior management of the firms that were building the business .
It was precisely in the world 's most financially sophisticated countries -- the US , the United Kingdom , France , and Switzerland -- that the flaws in bank supervision -LRB- both external and in terms of financial institutions ' internal risk management -RRB- were most apparent .
Europe learned the same lesson with the move to monetary union and the creation of the European Central Bank to manage its new currency , the euro .
First , it promises more effective risk management , because large banks are less exposed to a single sort of customer -LRB- in contrast to rural American banks , which suffered when American farmers suffered -RRB- .
The symbolism of the location is unfortunate , as it carries a reminiscence of the main abortive attempt to manage the world economy during the Great Depression .
Such rescues , in short , appear to help big companies with bad managers .
A second major global crisis , in the 1970 's , shook the heavy-industrial basis of manufacturing , and with it the idea that governments should manage the economy .
As they grew , banks found it difficult to manage the multiplicity of their divergent activities .
Unlike most banknotes and coins , there is no picture of the state or its symbols -- no Caesar -- on the money managed by the European Central Bank .
From today 's perspective , the problems of the Nixon era look relatively manageable , even trivial .
But the end of the fixed exchange-rate regime for industrial countries did not end activist management of currencies .
In the 1970 's , Britain was where the preeminent postwar model of how to manage the economy collapsed . That model had been based politically on the creation of consensus , and economically on Keynesian demand management .
Only one German bank , the notoriously mismanaged Hypo Real Estate , which had already required massive state help , failed .
That was why monetary policy could be managed with greater flexibility .
Today 's crisis started in rich industrial countries -- not only with sub-prime mortgages in the United States , but also with mismanagement of banks and public debt in Europe .
While Mexico had a petroleum-based boom in the wake of the second oil-price shock of the 1970 's , Argentina suffered from economic mismanagement under a military dictatorship that then staged its disastrous invasion of the Falkland Islands\/Malvinas .
The really large currencies -- the dollar , the euro , and the yen -- were never managed explicitly or solely on this principle .
Jacques de Larosière and Michel Camdessus were French civil servants who combined high-level technical and managerial expertise with a vision of how the world economy should operate .
There is talk of currency wars , national management and regulation of banking , and growing demand for greater levels of trade protection .
Their defenders point out that such companies often have a much longer-term vision than is true of managerial capitalism , which enables them to establish strong and enduring relationships with their customers and suppliers .
In addition , succession planning can become complicated by the emergence of `` substitute children '' from the company 's management .
The managers of these new safe-haven currencies are now desperately seeking at least a temporary peg or some system of bands relative to the exchange rates of their big neighbors .
The whole point of crisis management was to avoid risks to the system and thus bankruptcy .
At the beginning of the 21st century , family interests reasserted themselves in continental Europe in a surprising way , ousting managers who seemed to have become too Americanized .
In Germany , the Mohn family dismissed the lead manager of Bertelsmann , Thomas Middelhoff , who wanted to turn a family company into an almost denationalized enterprise .
The trip is being carefully managed by both countries , and is being watched closely around the world , with good reason : Sino-Japanese relations over the past decade have been turbulent , to say the least .
They still remember the suffering of the Mao years , when China headed in the wrong direction -- and tried to do too much too quickly -- and they vividly recall how the Tiananmen protests brought the regime to its knees , and how urban labor unrest erupted when centrally managed state businesses were merged or closed down in the 1990 's .
But , considered more broadly , the seriousness of today 's situation is primarily due to Europe 's refusal to reform global economic governance , compounded by years of political mismanagement and self-deception in the United States .
Countries that ran significant current-account surpluses , built up large reserves , and fixed -LRB- or heavily managed -RRB- their exchange rates in order to support the first two objectives appeared to secure external stability .
In fact , currencies of surplus countries with heavily managed exchange rates have actually depreciated in real effective terms since the summer , creating inflationary pressure and frustrating global adjustment .
The alternative for Greece is to manage its default in an orderly manner .
In this context , `` resolution '' means that a bank 's managers are fired , shareholders are wiped out , and unsecured creditors can suffer losses .
The failure of such a bank could be managed in a more orderly fashion by using a cross-border resolution authority .
On two fronts , Kaufman has -- against long odds -- actually managed to make substantial steps .
-LRB- Recently , Roger Ailes , Fox 's founder and president , said of the management of mild , sober National Public Radio , `` They are , of course , Nazis . '' -RRB-
What remains to be done is to share these efforts in a way that is fair and manageable for all countries .
While private wealth management is a growth industry among India 's 200,000 or so nouveaux riches , 800 million Indians live on less than $ 2 per day .
Not in China . Indeed , China is increasingly emphasizing its naval and maritime interests : economic development , territorial management , energy and food security as well as trade .
China is already the world 's third largest trading nation and rapidly developing its port capacities to manage an ever-increasing volume of trade .
The fundamental weakness of Russia 's emerging political system , with its excessive centralization , its reliance on individual personnel rather than institutions , and the declining quality of its management , is starting to show .
The world is becoming an increasingly difficult place to predict and manage , especially for those who are accustomed to being in charge .
That is why Europe will inevitably be a minor priority if Russia manages to restore and maintain special relations with the US .
Traditionally , Shiite seminaries were rather unorganized , unstructured places , based on pre-modern styles of management .
But many conservatives also oppose his economic policies , as well as his management style .
In order to manage the economic crisis successfully , any president must not only shift economic policy , but also amass enough political power to be able to thwart the intervention of the Revolutionary Guards and other organizations in economic policy-making .
But if Musharraf manages to get his own PCO judges established in the country , then we will head toward a period of turmoil .
But Russia 's people , after 10 years of Yeltsin 's anarchic freedoms , are too jaundiced to take any slogan seriously - whether from the Soviet past or from the management consultant 's hymn book .
In Western Europe , Japan , and the United States , places where individuality lost its novelty long ago and where the managerial spirit and mass commerce flourish , this sameness may be something to debate .
Until the Aliyev 's came along , only North Korea 's utterly loony Kim Il Sung managed to anoint his son atop a red throne .
Instead of visiting Russians struggling to manage their difficult lives , Nemtsov and Chubais touted themselves as modern men flying about in private jets and fiddling with laptops .
This strong-willed monarch , while ruling the Russian empire autocratically , managed to bring stability and prosperity , allowing capitalism to take root .
Of course , Zubkov will continue Fradkov 's `` Yes , whatever you say Mr. President '' management style .
For the lesson of the years of communist misrule is this : no one man or party can know enough to manage a modern economy .
All the post-Cold War certainties in Europe melted away , and with them went Putin 's reputation as a reliable manager of Russia 's economy .
Rosneft 's chairman , Igor Sechin , a former KGB agent in Angola , is also the main ideologue of Russia 's FSB-managed economy .
The Sechin-led Rosneft is in the same incompetently managed boat .
Moreover , Tymoshenko managed Ukraine 's crisis despite the tremendous and often irresponsible resistance of her political opponents , who frequently paralyzed the parliament when the government refused to accept populist proposals that would undermine efforts at financial stabilization .
Once he brings about truly modernizing reforms , people will supposedly follow willingly , forgetting centuries of serfdom , the dictatorship of the proletariat , the political chaos and economic free-fall of the 1990 's , and the decade of Putin 's managed democracy .
I saw a community health worker using a smart phone to manage malaria treatment within a household .
By using high-yield seeds , better soil management , and proper row planting , the community has more than tripled its crop production , and villagers who previously were hungry grain buyers are now food-secure grain sellers .
Mexico already employs 1.5 million people to plant and manage the country 's forests .
In short , we must remain vigilant and continue actively to manage this pandemic .
But it remains questionable whether the region 's new faces can end the old patterns of mismanagement and abuse .
Much , then , depends on the Chinese , whose self-defeating regional diplomacy has managed to push a listless and defense-shy Japanese government into closer cooperation with the US on security matters , and has inspired South Korea to seek out strategic partnerships with other Asian powers , including India .
This confluence of political need has created an opportunity for all three countries to cooperate more closely in the management of civilian nuclear power , and this opportunity should not be missed .
These discussions include joint initiatives on maritime security , counterterrorism , weapons proliferation , disaster prevention and management , and energy security .
Two main issues must be managed -- one philosophical , the other structural -- in seeking to ameliorate the problems caused by China 's unconstrained rise .
A `` Trans-Pacific Partnership '' between Australia , Brunei , Chile , Malaysia , New Zealand , Peru , Singapore , the US , and Vietnam to govern supply-chain management , intellectual-property protection , investment , rules on state-owned firms , and other trade issues -- likely to be announced in Hawaii -- is a good start in the economic sphere .
Until 2009 , the Department of Finance and Accounting and the Secretarial Office in North Korea have been responsible for the export of missiles and missile technologies to Iran through the dummy companies managed by Office 99 .
Instead of overseeing the government 's management of the outbreak , Hirotaka Akamatsu , the minister of agriculture , forestry , and fishing , took a long trip to Cuba to meet Raúl Castro -- a very strange decision given strained US-Japan relations .
The European Commission 's economic index is plummeting , purchasing managers indices are down and so are German retail sales .
During the presidential elections Mr. Andrzej Olechowski ran as an independent candidate . He had no party support , no big money , but he somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes , more than what the governing party achieved .
Given the nationalist sentiments motivating the beef protesters , the strength of opposition forces , and widespread hostility to opening and privatizing the South Korean economy further , Lee , whose authoritarian style of management reminds many of the era of military rule , will now need to move forward carefully .
Palestinian spokesmen , including Abbas , have said that they see no reason why representatives of the newly recognized state can not negotiate with representatives of Israel . If the UN vote succeeds , however , it will not be a people talking with their occupiers , but two states negotiating about how to manage their relations in peace and harmony .
Malaysia 's Opposition Reborn In Malaysia 's recent elections , opposition parties managed their strongest showing since the country gained its independence from Britain in 1957 , cutting the ruling coalition 's parliamentary majority to below two-thirds .
The Gas Memorandum signed earlier this year between the EU and Ukraine on the extension and exploitation of Ukrainian gas pipelines is a perfect example ; in return for political support and for funding of the extension of its pipelines , Ukraine has agreed to adopt EU rules governing management and access to the gas transmission line .
So another group had to be found to manage the country : a meritocratic bureaucracy , whose members are largely recruited from the law department of Tokyo University -LRB- Todai -RRB- .
Europe , America , and the wider world must see Putin 's so-called `` managed democracy '' in its true light , and must stand united against his neo-imperialist dreams .
The growing opposition to the US missile defense deployment is rooted in the way in which America has managed -- or rather mismanaged -- the presentation of its deployment plans .
But caudillos have other uses for conflict : it allows them to strengthen the unity of their popular bases and evade the management responsibilities that exercising political power entails .
The division of the country into municipalities transferred tax resources and decision-making capabilities to communities , thereby enabling agricultural unions to control several towns and assume management responsibilities .
The Bolivian economy has grown moderately under Morales 's management , owing to international demand and cash transfers from the state to local governments and individuals .
But the workers , having seen what Morales-style management is like , refused , preferring to remain in the private sector .
Organized groups -LRB- unions , neighborhoods , and communities -RRB- are increasingly impatient , and management of state institutions is becoming increasingly incompetent .
Mortality acts cumulatively , so , given the way we manage fisheries , few individuals survive to become big and old .
Radical new thinking is needed in fisheries management to overcome the ecological and evolutionary problems generated by current practice .
To reconstruct our approach to fisheries management with measures that increase the survival of large , old individuals would be good for the health of our stocks in the short term and would be appreciated by our descendants .
Ringo also heads the Apollo Alliance , a coalition of trade unions , environmentalist groups , managers , and local politicians that demands clean energy and good jobs .
To manage this situation , no panaceas are on offer , and no miracles expected .
If properly managed , the economic benefits will be significant both for the developing world -LRB- higher remittances , but also greater opportunities for learning and experience -RRB- and rich countries -LRB- a younger , dynamic , and often entrepreneurial workforce -RRB- .
Not only is foreign capital conspicuously absent , but so are foreign managers , workers , intellectuals , and ideas .
France had to a large extent initiated both treaties , had managed to get them accepted by its European partners , but in the end vetoed its own undertakings .
The reality is that Europe does manage to move ahead , but step by step through mutual compromise .
Although Russia 's GDP is no bigger than that of Belgium and the Netherlands combined , and its military spending is a fraction of the EU 's , the Kremlin has consistently managed to get the better of the Union .
Can multinational companies bring similar benefits to other needy regions , such as sub-Saharan Africa , where a legacy of colonialism , apartheid , and economic mismanagement create a fundamentally different business environment ?
What communism failed to provide -- modern management , new technologies , and marketing know-how -- was what multinationals could offer .
Last year , she managed to get electricity connected to her shack , and she invested her savings in a refrigerator to store food and drinks for resale .
The European Union 's crisis management missions face similar issues when military forces are involved .
EU civilian crisis management is funded directly from the Common Foreign and Security Policy budget .
Consulting at an early stage would help manage misperceptions -- often fueled by reports in the media long before deals are concluded -- and thus strengthen convergence and unity among EU member states .
As such , China and other countries are holding a depreciating asset that should be managed to serve domestic interests rather than those of the US .
The economy 's most dynamic industries -- namely , mining and tourism -- are reserved for the military , which manages them in a business-like , profit-seeking way .
Indeed , the joint air-monitoring network provides a foundation for the region to develop a sophisticated regional air management program .
Another approach for policymakers is to quantify the economic benefits of `` ecosystem services '' -- the miraculous yet mundane things that nature provides like erosion control , water management , and purification . The benefits from ecosystem services in Latin America amount to $ 11 trillion , according to one prominent economist 's methodology .
The sources of public administration failure include lack of professionalism in the civil service ; vague , complex , and confusing legal rules ; weak management of government finances ; poor distribution of tasks across levels of government ; lack of transparency in government processes , and the difficulty of holding officials accountable for their actions .
One way to improve the administration of public programs is to go to the root and change the way governments provide goods and services and manage programs .
For example , although in Peru corruption was pervasive elsewhere , government reforms that lowered tax rates managed to increase tax revenue from 8.4 % of GDP in 1991 to 12.3 % in 1998 , and increase the number of taxpayers from 895,000 in 1993 to 1,766,000 in 1999 .
However , it does manage to make a poor policy decision dramatically worse .
Solar radiation management appears to be one of the most hopeful .
Solar radiation management would bounce a little sunlight back into space .
In each case , the city has managed to protect itself from such large sea-level rises and thrive .
More often than not , what sound like horrific changes in climate and geography actually turn out to be manageable -- and in some cases even benign .
The initiative to set up a `` bad bank '' in Sweden was taken not by politicians , but by the management of Nordbanken .
Following years of mismanagement and reckless lending , the bank was the first big victim of the commercial property market 's decline in 1990 .
Nordbanken had become fully state-owned and a new management was put in place to restore the bank to viability .
But it soon turned out that the managers had little time to spend on Nordbanken 's core banking business , because they had to focus disproportionately on handling an enormous variety of assets .
· It is vital to staff bad banks with professional and experienced managers who are untainted by previous scandals .
In Africa , we need to manage our resources sustainably , accountably , and responsibly .
Despite imprudent fiscal management , Venezuela , too , maintained considerable resources in specific funds -LRB- $ 11 billion at the end of 2008 -RRB- .
Naturally , the Chinese companies that provide most of the tools used to create and host this content have censorship built into their software , management structure , and business models .
How will he manage the growing middle class 's expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
Since the attacks of September 2001 , the United States has managed to avoid further attacks on its land .
Unmanaged climate change would so transform the planet that by the end of this century hundreds of millions of people would need to move , probably leading to severe and extended conflict .
Alone among the world 's great nations , the US did manage to guarantee dollar convertibility throughout the Great War .
Nepal 's peace process has been truly indigenous : it has not been mediated or managed by any external party .
The LDP and the DPJ are now debating how to manage rising inflation at a time of falling living standards and deepening economic polarization within society -- the latter a legacy of former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi 's market-oriented reforms of 2001-2006 .
Instead , Hatoyama has simply stressed Japan 's need to be on an equal footing in alliance management with the US .
While he has repeatedly emphasized Japan 's equal footing with the US in alliance management , this does not extend to Japan 's military capability and defense burden .
Hatoyama 's mismanagement of Japan 's relations with the United States , centered on the relocation of a Marine base in Okinawa , had also dented the DPJ 's standing .
Kan 's status quo approach to alliance management wo n't hold up long , because Hatoyama 's bungling has inflated Okinawans ' expectations about evicting the Marines .
But , thanks to prudent management of public finances during previous periods of robust growth , a significant number of African countries have endured the current crisis in better fiscal shape than during past crises .
This translates into a solidarity network and a support mechanism that mitigates credit risk and encourages payment discipline . Credit repayment in well-managed micro-finance institutions is around 95 % . All studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs , but they are also quicker to meet their commitments .
The other major advantage of such regional groupings has been their ability to attract foreign direct investment . Since the early 1990 's , Mercosur has managed to mobilize 5.9 % of world FDI inflows .
With apartheid-style practices -- including the gunning down of local workers by a Chinese manager in Zambia -- Chinese managers impose appalling working conditions on their African employees .
He also tried to avoid confrontation with France , awarding the management of the port of Abidjan , the capital , to a French company . But French President Nicolas Sarkozy maintained his visceral opposition to Gbagbo .
His claim to fame was his professional reputation as an economic manager , which arose from his implementation of structural adjustment programs that always included the same set of measures : currency devaluation , decontrol of exchange rates , tighter monetary policy , financial deregulation , trade liberalization , wage cuts , fiscal consolidation , and labor-market deregulation .
Fishery resources are over-exploited ; animal husbandry suffers a similar lack of rigorous management ; and the country spends a fortune buying the meat and milk that it could easily produce for itself if farmers had the proper incentives .
But five decades of economic mismanagement -- first by the Socialist Party for 40 years , and then by Wade 's liberals for the last decade -- eroded this heritage .
Today 's capital markets raise money for governments , corporate clients , and individual customers , manage pension funds ' investments , and bet on the level of interest rates or the stock market .
By contrast , sub-Saharan Africa 's historical legacy of artificial and unmanageable colonial boundaries , ethnic antagonisms , its citizens ' deficit of self-respect , and an appalling record of leadership failures has hampered its quest for economic integration .
As happens during periods of major and rapid change , the country will experience social tension , uncertainty , and unease . Africa is keen that the Sudanese leadership cooperate effectively to manage this delicate situation , in the interest of the continent as a whole .
First , the militant movement itself has no name , operating in a highly decentralized manner through small local cells that operate relatively independently -- what might be described as self-managed violence franchises .
Eight member states have managed to reduce the number of infringement cases taken against them by the Commission , but 17 have as many or more than they did this time last year .
In the future , governments will have to commit the necessary resources to ensure more robust oversight of risk management in financial institutions .
In Europe , crisis management mechanisms must be put in place to manage their deeply integrated nature , as 80 % of Europe 's banking assets held in cross-border banking groups .
A third problem -- particular relevant to banks , risk managers , and traders -- has been misaligned incentives . Incentive structures have been overwhelmingly aligned to short-term performance .
Originators or managers of these securitizations will be required to retain a meaningful stake in each tranche of the issue .
If successful , they will impair the revival of a transparent , responsible , and vibrant securitization market -- a market that , if properly managed , can contribute meaningfully to sustainable , long-term economic growth .
We need to ensure transparency and adequate risk management , measures on which are part of my proposal on capital requirements .
We need adequate oversight and crisis management , which is why I am submitting a paper on early intervention and look forward to the analysis of the High Level Group of experts working under Jacques de Larosière , which is due imminently .
After all , it was many of those same lobbyists who in the past managed to convince legislators to insert clauses and provisions that contributed so much to the lax standards that created the systemic risks for which taxpayers are now being forced to pay .
No one took into account the fact that countries like France and Switzerland somehow manage to thrive with large states .
Women should be able to aspire to top jobs without squandering their fertility , and their success would encourage women in lower-ranking positions , because female managers tend to implement more gender-conscious hiring policies and serve as strong role models .
Studies show that companies with more women in senior management are more profitable than those with few women at the top .
Diversified management means better management .
In the Philippines , 89 % of companies have women in senior management positions .
Even in India , where more than half of girls and women are illiterate , more women hold senior management positions than in countries like Germany and the Netherlands .
Evergreen 's management cited the much higher government support available in China as its reason for the move .
Relations between Europe and Russia have been deteriorating for several years , but once manageable economic issues , including energy , are now being aggravated by much more volatile political differences .
The time has come for a new EU industrial-policy framework that would permit Brussels to use its `` honest broker '' status to manage competing interests .
Foreign policy , too , may prove difficult to manage .
Brazil , China , India , Korea , and Mexico had already been playing a decisive role in two major areas -- the global trade regime and the management of the worldwide economic crisis ; the jury is still out on a third -- climate change .
On crisis management in the wake of the financial meltdown in 2008 , the emerging economies have been as diligent and active as the US and the European Union .
But even where the European Commission had the legislative tools and political mandate to impose sanctions -- for example , to punish non-compliance with the Stability and Growth Pact -- member states managed to avoid punishment by `` reforming '' the requirements .
On their dying day , Poland 's communists managed one last perversity , a final and unwitting act of utter self-humiliation .
Will Ukrainian society maintain its right to choose its representatives , or will a so-called `` managed democracy '' win out , with power transferred back and forth within small circles of oligarchic clans ?
Only in this manner will shareholders and creditors have a sufficiently strong incentive to monitor management and keep a tight lid on risk-taking by banks or other financial intermediaries .
Imagine how American managers would react to consultants arriving from Ghana with their `` best practice '' : `` It worked in Accra , so it is bound to work in New York ! ''
But something that shows up in none of the economic indicators may be driving many of them : the deterioration of American management , which is undermining not only many of America 's great enterprises , but also its legendary spirit of enterprise .
When it comes to productivity , managers either invest in employee training , more efficient manufacturing processes , and the like , or they take steps that appear to boost productivity in the short run but that erode it in the long run .
Of course , no company can do that , but many US companies have been shedding workers and middle managers in great numbers -- the figures for January 2008 were up 19 % from a year earlier .
So , as workers and middle managers have been departing these companies , they have taken with them not only much critical information , but often also the hearts and souls of their enterprises , with profound effects on American competitiveness .
But , as the marginal productivity gains from such investment began to fall , senior managers ' survival and compensation continued to be tied to stock-market performance .
As a result , many simply learned to manage their companies ' short-term share price at the expense of attention to their products and customers .
Moreover , because maximizing shareholder value is a poor incentive for workers and middle managers , companies ' boards have increasingly centralized power around chief executives , thereby encouraging a `` heroic '' form of leadership that is detached from the rest of the enterprise .
But the bubble itself resulted from the same management pathologies as those afflicting the real economy .
And then those who bought these mortgages never bothered to investigate their underlying value -- a spectacular abdication of managerial responsibility .
The dramatic weakening of the US dollar may help America to narrow its massive trade deficit , but we should not expect any sustained improvement without drastic changes in American management .
While American economists , politicians , and business leaders have for years sought to sell their model of management abroad , many companies elsewhere have not been buying it .
The nearly perennial flooding of the Tisa River in Hungary -LRB- a new EU member state -RRB- can not be controlled if the water management practices in upstream countries Ukraine -LRB- a new neighbor -RRB- and Romania -LRB- a next-wave accession country -RRB- are not addressed .
It emphasizes the need to invest early , nurturing young children to ensure that they arrive at school healthy and ready to learn ; to invest smartly , transforming schools with good teachers , good materials , and good management ; and to invest for all , laying the foundation for just and equitable societies .
We need well-designed systems of finance , student assessment , professional development and management , quality assurance , and monitoring and evaluation .
Whereas Sarkozy has managed to impose himself on the right without the support of Jacques Chirac , the Socialist heavyweights can not fully convince themselves to come out behind Royal .
Barack Obama 's American Revolution For eight years , George W. Bush has managed to incarnate and reinforce all the prejudices and negative stereotypes the world has of the US .
Russia without Ukraine is a manageable nation-state ; Russia with Ukraine is an unmanageable empire .
You can ask for greater sacrifices and require greater patience from people whose trust and full support you have managed to gain .
For a majority of Israelis today , the present and the foreseeable future are not about peacemaking , but about conflict management , through the preservation of credible deterrence -- a hard-core realistic assessment darkened by the perception that , while time is not necessarily on Israel 's side , that there is no alternative .
Today , the books about India include topics like management and nuclear strategy .
Francois Mitterrand , by contrast , managed to assure the French only that they were not so bad , because he , Mitterrand , had served in the collaborationist Vichy regime of Marshal Pétain before joining the resistance .
Not only will we strive to ensure a concerted , clear and speedy reaction to international events and crises , we will also continue the dynamic development of the EU 's crisis management capabilities .
It is about fresh ideas that give rise to novel products , services , and processes , new management methods , and original designs and inventions that generate greater profits for firms , regions and countries .
Innovation may increase even more when firms and managers realize that even the most successful firms -- those that `` have done everything right '' -- may languish and disappear .
Here , too , the formulation of new ideas and hypotheses quite often takes place at a far remove from the authority of experts , because experts , like business managers , often become prisoners of their specializations and backgrounds .
Should business administration students and future business managers immerse themselves in the philosophy of science , they would not only become more knowledgeable and have greater respect for science ; they might also become more rigorous and more competent , have greater respect for other disciplines , and be more humble .
As contemporary authoritarian regimes learn how to manage and engineer information flows , we must understand that promoting and protecting free speech in places like China and Russia is not a simple matter of `` tearing down the wall . ''
Perhaps realizing that an entertained and distracted populace is less likely to complain about public policy , the Party has allowed entertainment programming to follow the Western model , lessening the need for micro-managed censorship .
Many officials -LRB- and the analysts and advisers who support them -RRB- assumed that this magic number represents the minimum rate needed to provide jobs to workers and managers and absorb the more than six million new graduates who spill out of China 's campuses each year in search of employment .
What the figure of 8 % signals to provincial officials and industrial managers is that the emerging promise of green GDP -- wherein a local government had to show not only growth , but also clean and energy-efficient growth -- has been abandoned .
Now , with the Party 's ability to manage the economy seemingly at stake , its stimulus package implies a green light to bypass environmental regulations if jobs or growth targets are in jeopardy .
Nearly every industrial sector that , according to the stimulus package , deserves direct and immediate government support is energy-intensive and polluting -LRB- cement and steel , for example -RRB- or heavily managed by the state sector , and therefore missing incentives to balance growth with environmental protection -LRB- as is the case with the oil industry -RRB- .
The short answer is a `` new normal , '' with slower growth , a de-risked and more stable core financial system , and a set of additional challenges -LRB- energy , climate , and demographic imbalances , to name a few -RRB- with varying time horizons that will test our collective capacity to improve management and oversight of the global economy .
In at least one area , liquidity management , many investors learned painful lessons from the crisis .
But there are two other aspects of liquidity management that deserve attention .
But taking these traditions seriously would require much larger transformations of capitalism than even avowed Christian Democrats are prepared to contemplate , including a much wider distribution of ownership and mechanisms for involving workers in management .
Indeed , throughout the euro 's first decade , Greece managed to keep within the SGP limits only once , in 2006 -LRB- and by a very narrow margin -RRB- .
Mugabe would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states -- the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years `` legitimate . ''
This would enable NATO and the EU to assess future scenarios and find ways to work together to prevent and manage crises .
Now , however , it appears that the authorities wanted only a small , managed opening , on the assumption that they could control the outcome .
Battered by the Iraqi `` oil for food '' scandal , which , at the least , demonstrated mismanagement , and misdeeds by officials ranging from former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers -LRB- now High Commissioner for Refugees -RRB- , who faces allegations of sexual harassment , to rapes committed by UN peacekeeping troops in Congo , the UN has a chance to rehabilitate its reputation by managing the relief effort effectively .
Doing so requires putting the right person in charge -- someone like Paul Hoffman , the American industrialist who managed the Marshall Plan more than half a century ago and , subsequently , headed the UN Development Program .
With the assistance of foreign donors , The Daily News acquired a new press and managed to keep publishing a first-rate newspaper .
It is encouraging to note that Burundi 's leaders have so far managed to integrate leaders from the opposition and rebel groups into the country 's political and military institutions without dismissing incumbents .
· developing international and multilateral approaches to manage the risks of fuel production for civilian nuclear power ; and
In IFAD 's experience , working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management , because at two dollars a day , he or she still remains poor .
Suleman does not have a decent job , but she managed to invest in costly fertility treatments and could afford many expensive cosmetic surgeries .
The credit freeze is partly the work of bankers and hedge fund managers who acted just like Nadya Suleman , leveraging the present for an unrealizable future . But it is also the result of ordinary Americans , who ran up more credit card debt than any previous generation .
The manageable , honorable American Dream of the 1950 's -- a decent , affordable college education ; a small house of one 's own ; hope that one 's children will be better off than oneself -- was misplaced in the last decade and a half .
As a result , few people noticed how genuinely , powerfully transformative her agenda was , how well she had thought it out , and how audaciously she sought to manage it .
However , some transnational issues are inherently multilateral and can not be managed without the help of other countries .
The American strategy was management through autocratic leaders , and a `` do n't rock the boat '' approach .
Perhaps the most important factor opening this divide was a widespread sense of déjà vu . Europe lived through severe terrorist episodes in the 1970s and 1980s , yet managed to overcome them with their democracies intact .
Terrorism -LRB- most Europeans think -RRB- is a nuisance to be managed , not a challenge requiring total change .
Moreover , the political rhetoric of `` evil '' and `` war '' that mobilizes Americans seems alien to those who prefer a managerial approach .
Such cooperation is essential because today 's terrorism is markedly more lethal and difficult to manage than earlier versions .
The World Health Organization has created a global network of national laboratories that do early detection work , and manages on a meager annual budget of roughly $ 400 million .
The new relationship with Russia needs careful management , and rapid extension of membership to former Soviet republics like Ukraine and Georgia could prove difficult .
The L-20 would build upon the G-8 's original strengths of informality and flexibility to provide a consultative forum on issues such a climate change , global health , and conflict management .
Marcos de Azambuja , former secretary-general of Brazil 's Foreign Ministry , agrees that international life can not be managed solely or primarily by vast assemblies of nearly 200 states with enormous disparities in their political and economic weight .
While legislators have many leadership skills , their management ability is usually unproven .
Senators manage a roughly 100-member staff , and a campaign staff of several hundreds .
But can they manage an executive branch employing millions ?
Contemporary management theory tends to distinguish between leadership and management , and places greater emphasis on leaders .
As one expert puts it , a guiding coalition with good managers but poor leaders will not succeed .
Good leaders construct teams that combine these functions , making sure to hire subordinates who can compensate for the leader 's managerial deficiencies .
More recently , there has been renewed interest in leaders as managers .
Leaders need enough managerial skill to assure that systems are in place to provide the information required for good decisions as well as effective implementation .
An effective leader manages and shapes the context of decisions by creating and maintaining well-designed systems .
Organizational skill is the ability to manage the structures , information flows , and reward systems of an institution or group .
Leaders directly manage those who report to them , and they manage indirectly by establishing and maintaining systems for their institutions . This includes the encouragement of leadership at lower levels in their organizations .
Good leaders must manage their inner circle of advisers to ensure an accurate flow of information and influence .
Ironically , George W. Bush , the first president with an MBA , was weaker on this dimension than his father , who knew how to manage an able group of advisers .
The organizational skills required for leaders as managers should not be confused with the efficiency or tidiness of a well-run organization .
Leaders of social movements also need to manage the inward and outward flows of information .
In this broad sense , organization and management refer to leaders ' ability to ensure an accurate inflow and outflow of information for making and implementing decisions . Effectiveness is more important than efficiency .
While Reagan excelled in vision , communication , and emotional intelligence , he lacked the skills of leadership as management .
As elected legislators , all have demonstrated the `` soft power '' skills of attracting others to vote for them , but as for whether they will also be manager-leaders , the jury is still out .
Military leadership today requires political and managerial skills .
America 's Crisis Election CAMBRIDGE -- On November 4 , Americans will elect their 44th president amidst the worst financial turmoil the country has known since the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 . Both candidates are United States senators with little experience as executives , so their ability to manage the crisis has become a central issue in the election .
The poor performance of Wall Street and America regulators has cost America a good deal in terms of the soft power of its economic model 's attractiveness , but the blow need not be fatal if , in contrast to Japan in the 1990 's , the US manages to absorb the losses and limit the damage .
A century ago , Britain managed the rise of American power without conflict , but the world 's failure to manage the rise of German power led to two devastating world wars .
The rise of non-state actors also must be managed .
Global climate change , too , will affect the quality of life , but the US can not manage the problem alone .
In Yugoslavia , the Slovenes , Serbs , and Croats managed to carve out independent republics in the early 1990 's , but the Muslims in Bosnia-Herzegovina were less successful .
One management expert summarizes recent studies as describing an increase in the use of more participative processes .
Avoiding coercion , premature elections , and hypocritical rhetoric should not preclude a patient policy that relies on economic assistance , behind-the-scenes diplomacy , and multilateral approaches to aid the development of civil society , the rule of law , and well-managed elections .
Political frameworks , in turn , rest upon norms and institutions , but also upon the management of coercive power .
Some observers even referred to a US-Chinese `` G2 '' that would manage the world economy .
In May 2010 , financial markets lost confidence in the ability of Greece to manage its budget deficit and to repay its debt .
As French President Charles de Gaulle once complained , `` since the dollar is the reference currency everywhere , it can cause others to suffer the effects of its poor management .
Networks are not directed and controlled as much as they are managed and orchestrated .
How , then , can North Korea manage to defy its neighbor ?
Whether China can develop a formula to manage an expanding urban middle class , regional inequality , and resentment among ethnic minorities remains to be seen .
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks , which in turn depend not only upon norms , institutions , and relationships , but also upon the management of coercive power .
Avoiding coercion , premature elections , and hypocritical rhetoric does not rule out a patient policy of economic assistance , quiet diplomacy , and multilateral efforts to support the development of civil society , the rule of law , and support for well-managed elections .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
The EU will effectively `` manage '' Kosovo 's independence through the deployment of a large police force and civilian administration .
A good part of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the ` Yes ' camp -LRB- though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % -RRB- . All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a ` Yes ' win .
Since 2009 , it has accepted and even recommended that such regulations are useful to manage the massive inflows of `` hot money '' into emerging markets .
This is where Sarkozy came in , using his platform as G-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital-flow management .
Unless countries have signed trade and investment treaties that restrict the use of such regulations -LRB- and many have -RRB- , the IMF 's Articles of Agreement give them full policy scope to manage capital flows as they see fit .
Finally , one major deficiency of the current international financial architecture is the lack of an institutional framework -- i.e. , a court similar to those created to manage bankruptcies in national economies -- to manage debt overhangs at the international level .
That would be very difficult to manage without some form of capital-account regulation .
Small wonder , then , that several emerging economies are using capital controls to try to manage the flood .
In the recent IMF document , the Fund proposes a set of guidelines that countries should use for capital-account regulations -LRB- which they call `` capital-flow management measures , '' or CFMs -RRB- .
In other words , the new IMF framework is welcome , but countries will need the freedom to manage their capital account more than ever in the years ahead .
Compounding this problem is the diversity of national and international regulatory policies in place or being developed to manage e-waste .
Some would manage e-waste at one of the handful of sophisticated smelters that can recover precious metals from discarded electronic devices .
The second major category of e-waste management strategies is to decentralize recycling while keeping the environmental impact of small-scale facilities to an acceptable level .
Many managers attended China 's elite foreign language schools -LRB- which trained spies during the Cold War era -RRB- and then headed to America for an MBA .
In the past , Nigeria has always managed to weather its political tempests .
Buhari is also the party 's presidential candidate . The CPC won the majority of the seats in Katsina , but the PDP still managed to maintain its dominance of that volatile region 's politics .
If , however , the opposition parties resolve their differences and manage to stitch together a firm common platform , they could force Jonathan into a runoff .
Political will is also cost-free , and governments need to introduce management and financial incentives for modernizing services and shifting their focus from institutions to families and community-based care .
The AFC is promoting such investment , based on a new development-oriented banking style in Africa that involves the proactive creation and management of infrastructure , industrial , and financial assets , including the six leading industrial sectors : power , transport infrastructure , telecoms , oil and gas , mining , and heavy industries .
The investment will lead to a rapid deployment of emergency power using heavy fuel power generation , and will involve the rehabilitation and management of transmission and distribution .
Given that Europe managed to construct EMU , the Maastricht Treaty , and the stability and growth pact that underlines the euro , it should be relatively easy for euro-zone experts to help devise a system for judging G-7 type membership .
It would retain its status alongside the United States ' on the world stage , its territorial integrity would be unquestioned , and it would be left to manage its domestic affairs without outside interference or criticism .
Research at McKinsey into the effectiveness and cost of more than 200 mechanisms for reducing carbon emissions -- from greater car efficiency to nuclear power , improved insulation in buildings , and better forest management -- suggests that only concerted global action can ensure levels that the scientific community says is necessary to avoid the disastrous consequences of climate change .
If increased agricultural productivity is necessary , so , too , is improved water management .
Given that agriculture uses 70 % of the world 's reliable water supply -LRB- and the potential impact of climate change on water reliability -RRB- , a comprehensive approach to climate security will need to embrace better water policies , better integrated land management , and agricultural market reform .
Money was stolen , not merely `` mismanaged . ''
Crisis management measures undertaken in the Western world are practically cutting our countries off from the EU market .
In hindsight , benchmarks of the candidates ' ability to manage these risks should have supplemented the existing Maastricht criteria for adopting the euro .
As I strolled through Tiananmen Square , the paradox that struck me was that the very system of democratic capitalism that the West has so ardently believed in and advocated now seems to be failing us . At the same time , the kind of authoritarianism and state-managed economics that we have long impugned now seems to be serving China well .
The two countries still recognize many mutual interests , but now they manage these interests on a far different basis .
If she manages to rebuild Olmert 's coalition and become Israel 's next prime minister , Livni 's initial credit at home and abroad will be outstanding .
But Humala 's detractors claim he took up arms to help the escape of Montesinos , who was already wanted by the law , but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards Galapagos on the day of the coup .
So , even if the Fed and US Treasury now manage to stave off recession , what will fuel future growth ?
In fact , business has always lobbied Congress for favors and tax breaks , and the Lehman Brothers experience proved the foolishness of confusing parables about moral hazard with crisis management .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
If properly managed , migration can enhance Europe 's cultural wealth and meet its labor-market needs , as fertility rates in the EU fall and its population ages .
If the new left does not manage to answer these questions satisfactorily , it will be seen as having failed .
How will older societies manage new technology and remain dynamic ?
Their legitimacy depends on their ability to deliver economic growth through state-managed capitalism .
The big problems , of course , are how we take account of past responsibility for the carbon in the atmosphere , how we balance aggregate national emissions and per capita figures -- China leads in the first category ; the US , Australia , and Canada are the biggest culprits in the second -- and how we manage technology transfer from developed to emerging and poor economies . There will be plenty to moan about if we do n't solve these problems sooner rather than later .
They manage its institutions in their own interest .
This does not mean that they criticize the macro-management of the Indian economy very much .
Then they could converge with the more efficient and prudently managed economies , like Germany .
But just think how different everything would look if America had a trade surplus and a more manageable level of domestic borrowing than the $ 14 trillion run-up in debt by credit-card holders before 2007 .
While research by the Pew Centers suggested that the aspirations of families in the Middle East were similar to those elsewhere , many of us went along with the comfortable delusion that Muslim-majority societies could n't manage and did n't want democracy .
How do we manage our relationship with Iran , which may -- or may not -- wish to develop a military nuclear capability as well as civil nuclear power ?
But if the Mediterranean Union is to achieve more than was managed in its first manifestation , a number of things will need to happen .
Speaking as a one-time campaign manager in British politics , there seem to be three important points for the Democrats to remember .
China 's management of food and product safety issues will have a long-term impact on trade relations , the sustainability of China 's growth strategy , and its further integration into the global trading system .
Foreign participation in the financial sector brings expertise needed to provide more efficient savings instruments , risk management , and allocation of capital .
High prices and future discoveries will generate money flows so vast that , if properly managed , they could transform desperately poor parts of Africa into regions of prosperity .
Foreign companies manage nearly all resource extraction in Africa , because they alone have the necessary technical skills .
But , although it reflected real differences between established EU members and the newcomers , it also managed to solidify the false impression that the EU 's new members share a similar identity and political agenda .
The rest they can manage on their own .
Big banks like the idea that regulation should care less about banks ' size and more about their riskiness , and so champion a `` risk-sensitive '' approach -- not least because they have the bigger risk-management operations and databases , so risk-sensitive regulation is more onerous for their smaller competitors .
It is bad to have fund managers that dump a company 's shares if it does not hit its earnings targets for the next quarter .
This framework provides a rationale for policy intervention in asset markets , and also has important implications for how regulators should measure and manage systemic financial risk .
Why Putin 's advisors and public-relations managers encourage him to make these banal triumphalist announcements is difficult to fathom unless one comprehends the sense of grievance that almost all Russians feel at the loss of Great Power status .
Finally , instead of managing common challenges , as in 2009 , the G-20 members will need to manage their divergence .
Fiscal austerity helped to reverse the rising trend in public debt , and then reduced it to more manageable levels -LRB- debt nonetheless remains comparatively high -RRB- .
Banks have begun to de-centralize essential functions , re-locating market and treasury operations , liquidity and capital management , and risk management , for example , in different countries .
Europe 's financial industry wants a cost-effective , transparent , and competitively neutral supervisory framework that will foster market integration , create greater financial stability , and provide for crisis management .
Do business managers have a commitment to anything more than the success of their company and to making money ?
For the true believers in this creed , the suggestion that the manager of a business should strive for anything except maximizing value for shareholders is heresy .
As for the ultimate objectives of the managerial profession , they are , as we have seen , nothing less than `` to create sustainable economic , social , and environmental prosperity worldwide . ''
If enough business people would conceive their interests in those terms , we might see the emergence of an ethically-based profession of business managers .
India 's willingness to spend when everyone else is attempting to sell and save entails risks that need to be carefully managed .
For example , households and investment managers , reluctant to keep money in safe money-market funds , instead seek to invest in securities with longer maturities and higher credit risk , so long as they offer extra yield .
Since the 1970 's , wages for workers at the 90th percentile of the wage distribution in the US -- such as office managers -- have grown much faster than wages for the median worker -LRB- at the 50th percentile -RRB- , such as factory workers and office assistants .
Similarly , the creation of international strategic resource reserves on neutral territory and under neutral management could help alleviate concerns about politically motivated disruptions .
Relationship-based financial systems perform better when markets and firms are smaller , when legal protection is weaker , there is little public information , and innovation is incremental . Banks tend to have close , long-term , and protective ties with the managers of such firms , primarily because the bank 's holdings are illiquid .
Incumbent financiers , meanwhile , have a powerful vested interest in opposing a market-based system , which favors credit evaluation and risk management over their main `` skill '' : being well connected .
Internally , mandatory retirements will soon cost the Agency 50 % of its senior management . Nor has the Agency 's budget kept pace with its increasing workload .
Chávez manages information about his illness and treatment as part of a political strategy .
Somehow , too , Asia 's leaders must manage the pace of globalization .
As for India , our resilient democratic values , ability to manage diversity , and strong economic fundamentals underpin our country 's current global posture .
One fund manager admitted that he pays less tax than his cleaning lady .
In a separate move , Brown promised to close any legal loopholes that enable hedge fund managers to exempt themselves from paying taxes .
Low-income countries can also improve their prospects by strengthening their fiscal management , fostering private-sector development , and liberalizing trade .
How could things have been managed differently ?
Confidence is a self-fulfilling prophecy , and we can , and should , manage it by direct intervention in asset markets .
But , buoyed by government bailout money , guarantees , and low interest rates , many banks have again begun to pay their top managers huge bonuses while fighting vigorously against reforms designed to restrain their risk-taking and compensation .
The problem is that far too many of Sarkozy 's decisions have proved purely symbolic , like the ill-fated Mediterranean Union ; badly conceived , such as judicial reform , which is opposed by virtually the entire legal profession ; or nakedly self-serving , like the administrative reform , which somehow managed to abolish only those departments and regional administrations controlled by the opposition Socialists .
Such investments provide China with access to modern technologies and management systems -- a catalyst to economic development .
Moreover , the Chinese understand the political pressure that a growth-starved developed world is putting on its tight management of the renminbi 's exchange rate relative to the dollar -- pressure that is strikingly reminiscent of a similar campaign directed at Japan in the mid-1980 's .
Fadela Amara , the manager of an NGO that defends women 's right , is a secretary of state for city management .
Simply put , deregulation , privatization , reduced public services , and refocusing corporate management on earnings -- all this suits too many people .
The other factor is that France , like the rest of the world , suffers from an ill-managed form of globalization .
By contrast , countries like China and India , which avoided a surge of capital inflows , managed to maintain highly competitive domestic currencies , and thereby kept profitability and investment high .
Two kinds of institutions in particular need shoring up : conflict management institutions to enhance economies ' resilience to external shocks , and institutions that promote productive diversification .
It is to Spence 's credit that the report manages to avoid both market fundamentalism and institutional fundamentalism .
Left to their own devices , global financial markets provide too much credit at too cheap a price in good times , and too little credit in bad times . The only effective response is counter-cyclical capital-account management : discouraging foreign borrowing during economic upswings and preventing capital flight during downswings .
Authoritarian regimes lack the institutions of conflict management that democracies provide .
The Bretton Woods-GATT regime entailed a `` shallow '' form of international economic integration that implied controls on international capital flows , which Keynes and his contemporaries had viewed as crucial for domestic economic management .
Mismanage the process , and the consequences could be unimaginable .
He argued that taxing short-term movements of money in and out of different currencies would curb speculation and create some maneuvering room for domestic macroeconomic management .
Short-term flows not only wreak havoc with domestic macroeconomic management , but they also aggravate adverse exchange-rate movements .
The taboo that has attached to capital controls has discouraged practical , policy-oriented work that would help governments to manage capital flows directly .
State-owned enterprises have acted as incubators for technical skills and managerial talent .
The Bretton Woods regime collapsed in the 1970 's as a result of the inability or unwillingness -- it is not entirely clear which -- of leading governments to manage the growing tide of capital flows .
For every authoritarian country that has managed to grow rapidly , there are several that have floundered .
Its future economic progress depends in no small part on whether it manages to open its political system to competition , in much the same way that it has opened up its economy .
Because Asian governments have tended to support their modern , tradable sectors to a greater extent , most Asian countries have managed to avoid this malady , and have done much better as a result .
We can be certain of two things : only those countries that adopt growth strategies based on stimulating domestic structural change will do well , and the conundrum of global governance -- how to manage a world economy that has become unruly -- will almost certainly get worse .
Countries that managed to grow rapidly and reduce poverty also tended to become increasingly integrated into the world economy .
The eurozone was too integrated for cross-border spillovers not to cause mayhem in national economies , but not integrated enough to have the institutional capacity needed to manage the crisis .
So , while there may be fewer economic collapses , owing to better macroeconomic management , high growth will likely remain episodic and exceptional .
Neither economic nor management theory is of much help in helping entrepreneurs -LRB- or the state -RRB- choose appropriate investments among the range of modern-sector activities .
Democracies often deal with the problem of extracting commitments from future politicians by delegating decision-making to quasi-independent bodies managed by officials who are insulated from day-to-day politics .
But the present-day pencil story would be incomplete without citing China 's state-owned firms , which made the initial investments in technology and labor training ; lax forest management policies , which kept wood artificially cheap ; generous export subsidies ; and government intervention in currency markets , which gives Chinese producers a significant cost advantage .
Today , the question is no longer whether politics will become more populist and less internationalist ; it is whether the consequences of that shift can be managed without turning ugly .
Third , poor political management of the reform undercut the dynamic gains that could have resulted .
First , it highlights the importance of credibility and the need to manage expectations .
A vital distinction between market economies is the degree to which ownership of large firms is separate from a firm 's day-to-day management .
What makes a company 's owners willingly hand over control to professional managers ?
By contrast , Anglo Saxon common-law systems empower judges to interpret open-ended fiduciary rules on a case-by-case basis , thereby establishing legal precedents that are binding on managers .
They do not control the main costs that shareholders face when they do not manage the company themselves , such as unprofitable expansion , shirking , retention of free cash flow , and empire building .
Unless there is a conflict of interest between a company 's management and its board , owners in common-law countries have no legal recourse when managers ' operational or strategic decisions are bad , stupid , or otherwise harmful to shareholders .
Throughout the rich world , institutions that raise the costs to shareholders of turning over control to professional managers play a powerful role in determining outcomes .
But in a labor-strong society , dominant shareholders-those with the most to lose if expansion goes awry-have reason to keep managers on a short leash .
If managers are only loosely tied to shareholders , they could more willingly give up a bigger share of the pie to labor .
So , where political and social values strongly favor labor , managers ' loyalty to shareholder interests will be weaker .
Consider the extent to which capital -- that is , shareholders -- rules in large businesses : if a conflict arises between capital 's goals and those of managers , who wins ?
American law gives more authority to managers and corporate directors than to shareholders .
Firms and their managers are subject to competitive markets and other constraints , but not to shareholder authority .
As soon as it did , the US managerial establishment sued the SEC , and government officials felt compelled to suspend the new rules before they ever took effect .
The lesson is that the US is less capitalist than it is `` managerialist . ''
Even some capital-oriented thinking says that shareholders are better off if managers make all major decisions . And often the interests of shareholders and managers are aligned .
But there is considerable evidence that when managers are at odds with shareholders , managerial discretion in American firms is excessive and weakens companies .
But when it 's managers vs. capital-owners , the US is managerialist , not capitalist .
But we can avoid a crisis by embracing the following technical and managerial adaptations :
Until a year ago , when I left a professorship at Harvard University to become the Fund 's chief economist , I was a vocal , if perhaps not vitriolic , critic of the IMF 's management of the international monetary system .
I had managed to put aside some modest savings , which I freely lent him indefinitely at zero interest .
Indeed , this disconnect may explain why polls do not give President Bush the credit for economic management that his strong record would seem to merit .
My hometown of Boston recently managed to spend an astounding $ 15 billion dollars to move a few highways underground .
These superfunds , whose managers do not necessarily share the same passion for profit as private investors , are said to be squeezing the life out of interest rates and exchange rates .
Moreover , financial innovation and globalization allow markets to spread risk more effectively than ever before , placing it in the hands of those who can best manage it .
Do n't look to central banks ; most are likely to manage the near-term risks to inflation and growth reasonably well .
In principle , such a depreciation against all of the world 's currencies is manageable .
While no one is quite certain how the government managed to estimate prices , given that there is virtually nothing for sale in the shops , most indicators suggest that Zimbabwe does have a good shot at breaking world records for inflation .
Indeed , it seems like avoiding sustained deflation , or falling prices , is all they can manage .
Italy , for example with a debt-to-income ratio already exceeding 100 % , has been able to manage so far thanks to falling global rates .
True , even as exports have collapsed , the government has managed to prop up growth with a huge spending and credit expansion .
No matter how badly it mismanages its business -- Lehman essentially transformed itself into a real estate holding company totally dependent on a continuing US housing bubble -- the creditors of a big financial institution should always get repaid . Otherwise , confidence in the system will be undermined , and chaos will break loose .
Others , such as Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou , see the country 's problems as difficult but manageable , and complain of interference from ill-intentioned foreign speculators .
But , unfortunately , Keynesian demand management is no panacea , either .
Europe 's debt problems should , in fact , still be quite manageable -- provided the requisite write-downs and debt restructurings are implemented .
For the eurozone 's southern periphery , however , today 's euro rate is very difficult to manage .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , as one of his first initiatives , proposed a ban on `` golden parachutes '' for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange , in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders .
Sarkozy correctly assumed that managers of publicly-traded firms , much like politicians , are public figures who should be held to a minimum ethical standard of behavior .
But in the end , that advantage , and his usual verbal threats , mattered less than the desire of voters in some cities and regions to punish his regime because of its mismanagement .
These conflicts are inbuilt , because firms that engage in commercial banking , investment banking , proprietary trading , market making and dealing , insurance , asset management , private equity , hedge-fund activities , and other services are on every side of every deal -LRB- the recent case of Goldman Sachs was just the tip of the iceberg -RRB- .
There are also massive agency problems in the financial system , because principals -LRB- such as shareholders -RRB- can not properly monitor the actions of agents -LRB- CEOs , managers , traders , bankers -RRB- that pursue their own interest .
These shareholders are represented by institutional investors -LRB- pension funds , etc. -RRB- whose interests , agendas , and cozy relationships often align them more closely with firms ' CEOs and managers .
There is also a risk that capital inflows to emerging markets will be mismanaged , thus fueling credit and asset bubbles .
The resulting build-up of private and public debt in over-spending countries became unmanageable when housing bubbles burst -LRB- Ireland and Spain -RRB- and current-account deficits , fiscal gaps , or both became unsustainable throughout the eurozone 's periphery .
Important decisions should be vetted by the IMFC and others delegated to IMF management .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
In both countries , a narrow elite managed and manipulated the economy for their own benefit , but found it easy to win praise from the international financial institutions whenever they made gestures toward liberalization .
Everyone knew that Kadima would win and form a coalition with the moderate left Labor party , which managed a respectable second-place finish .
But it did lead to two developments in risk management .
Rich countries should help African farmers use improved seed varieties , more fertilizer , and better water management , such as small-scale irrigation .
There are simply too many real political forces on the ground in Iraq for America to manage , and these forces are increasingly demanding a timetable for US withdrawal , as are legions of Iraqis in the course of public protests and mosque worships .
After that , it can and should use its political and economic weight to help manage a complex and difficult situation that is significantly , though not exclusively , of its own making .
Food yields per acre -LRB- or hectare -RRB- are inadequate because impoverished farm households lack some or all of the four inputs needed for modern and productive agriculture : soil-nutrient replenishment -LRB- through organic and chemical fertilizers -RRB- , irrigation or other water-management techniques , improved seed varieties , and sound agricultural advice .
And still , after twenty years of preaching that private markets would pick up the slack , these impoverished communities are further away than ever from using improved seeds , fertilizers , and small-scale water management technologies .
American conservatives argue that a large public sector is subject to inefficiency and mismanagement , corruption , and bureaucratic abuse , while the taxation needed to support it blunts economic efficiency .
The root of the problem is that Africa 's farmers are too poor to obtain the basic modern inputs -- including high-yield seed varieties , fertilizers , and small-scale water management systems -- that could enable them to double or triple their output of food and cash crops .
Whenever the Bank 's extreme free-market ideology failed , it has blamed the poor for corruption , mismanagement , or lack of initiative .
Banks were too busy collecting fees on new loans , and paying their managers outlandish bonuses .
These basic steps -- agreeing on global goals , mobilizing the financing needed to meet them , and identifying the scientific expertise and organizations needed to implement solutions -- is basic management logic .
In typical business cycles , countries are usually left to manage the recovery largely on their own .
Practical solutions will include many components , including better water management , improved technologies to increase the efficiency of water use , and new investments undertaken jointly by governments , the business sector , and civic organizations .
Lasting solutions will require partnerships between government , business , and civil society , which can be hard to negotiate and manage , since these different sectors of society often have little or no experience in dealing with each other and may mistrust each other considerably .
With serious management of the new funds , food production in Africa will soar .
An independent expert panel would review the national plans to verify their scientific and managerial coherence .
Third , electric-powered vehicles will open up a new world of `` smart '' vehicles , in which sensor systems and vehicle-to-vehicle communications will enable collision protection , traffic routing , and remote management of the vehicle .
Third , the world 's leaders should recognize that commitments to fight poverty , hunger , disease , and climate change are life-and-death issues that require professional management for serious implementation .
By and large , Asian emerging economies were more prudently managed during the past decade .
The Millennium Villages Project , which I have the honor of helping to lead , has demonstrated that pastoralist communities can be empowered through targeted investments in livestock management , veterinary care , business development , mobile health clinics , boarding schools , and local infrastructure such as safe water points , off-grid electricity , and mobile telephony .
The UN has shown its value in global environmental management , international trade , state building and reconstruction , and humanitarian assistance .
After all , the poor seem to be everywhere and are increasing in numbers due to global recession , population growth , and economic mismanagement from Argentina to Zimbabwe .
They hailed the strength of the US economy , bemoaned the alleged weaknesses of the European economy , and claimed that the Euro was mismanaged .
My moderate optimism should not disguise my unhappiness at America 's poor economic management .
But in the end , the US economy is productive and flexible and highly innovative , and is likely strong enough to withstand the irresponsible public and private economic management of recent years .
Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management , especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region , if it wants long-term , sustainable economic development .
Better land-management practices -LRB- the re-planting of degraded forests , for example -RRB- can recharge underground water aquifers .
In order to thrive , and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth , an economy requires functioning health and education systems , investments in soil nutrients and water management , and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport .
Second , major US investors , such as pension fund managers , are realizing that US companies that fail to control their emissions may be vulnerable to financial losses in the future .
No matter how hard they try , there exists no simple or immediate solution to Iran 's endemic economic corruption and mismanagement .
Despite the government 's crisis of legitimacy and endemic mismanagement , the Green Movement -- nominally led by opposition presidential candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi -- faces major obstacles .
Recent research I conducted with the IMF 's Arvind Subramanian demonstrates that Nigeria 's poor economic performance is primarily a story of the mismanagement of oil revenues .
If Iran does not properly manage its growing power , it could unwittingly trigger a drawn out sectarian war throughout the region , a nuclear arms race with Saudi Arabia and Egypt , and war with Israel , the US , or both .
If Iran and the Arab countries -- and alongside them the US and the international community -- do not manage today 's tensions wisely , the region could enter a period of protracted warfare .
Leaders in Tehran , Riyadh , Washington , and other key capitals must realize the costs of further mismanagement , step back from the brink , and work toward cooperative solutions before it is too late .
With regard to economic and social policy , the government must manage the national debt while encouraging investment and employment and strengthening public education and health programs .
In Germany , the old Prussian elite successfully managed the country 's industrialization in the late nineteenth century , but was discredited by defeat in World War I. Nazism filled the ensuing vacuum , and a new equilibrium would be established only after World War II .
The escrow account manager then invites the country to select a team , suggesting what skills are required and perhaps even providing a roster of experts .
Liberia obtained its debt write-off by initiating profound changes in its governance and economic management in order to provide the institutional capability to manage debt prudently and spend resources wisely in the future .
The country has put in place strong policies and systems to manage debt ; implemented new laws on financial management , procurement , and audit ; stepped up spending on health centers nationwide ; and sought to provide qualified and properly paid teachers in all public schools .
Indeed , no state run by a Communist Party has yet managed to reform itself sufficiently to modernize and develop successfully .
Indeed , if they are successful in bringing about some sort of rapprochement , or even if they only manage to ease the crisis somewhat , their accomplishment will be significant .
Through thick and thin , China has managed to maintain impressively high economic growth rates .
In contrast to lending activities , banks ' commitment to foreign markets has remained virtually unaffected with respect to purely intermediary activities such as investment banking and asset management .
By contrast , the importance of foreign markets for asset managers remains very limited and has not changed significantly since 2007 .
Furthermore , strong international financial partners are indispensable to multinational corporations , which often need global cash management or support for large-scale transactions .
Traditional lending and deposit-taking still offers much growth potential -- and may become more attractive relative to investment banking or asset management as a result of new regulation .
While these novel susceptibility factors have been shown to be significantly associated with an increased relative breast cancer risk , the statistical significance does not imply clinical utility for preventive management and therapy of breast cancer -- at least not yet .
Ban invariably nods his head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance . Others say he has yet to prove he is a good manager and must push harder for internal management reforms at the UN .
Still more probably , it might confine politics to the day-to-day management of redistributing wealth among groups that coexist in the same society but do not necessarily share much else .
The friend is badly wounded but manages to escape ; Osiev dies after being stabbed in the back .
My friend managed to talk insistently to the three until eventually they left her and her son alone , only to pounce on a married couple that happened to be passing by .
Even in the 1930 's , most banks failed as a result of bad management and illegal activity , as is true today .
For a few years we managed to circumvent that part of our brains that told us we could n't tickle ourselves to greater wealth .
Addressing this two-fold challenge implies expanding the ability of local communities to manage the natural resources on which they depend .
Globalization has generated a new global market , but also global risks that beg for collective management .
It manages simultaneously to fleece the people of six poor countries and to put US workers in harm 's way .
Further down the chain of supervision , research institutions are designated to `` manage '' their own conflicts of interests as well as those of their investigators .
Thailand 's public sector is historically plagued by frequent military coups , managed with rare exception by incompetent generals and civilians who rule with condescension towards the people who pay them to serve .
These Wall Street princes were smarter in one way , however : they managed to pocket a fortune while the rest of us are stuck with the mess they left behind .
As any seasoned banker knows , a well-managed bank should undertake internal `` stress tests '' regularly as a matter of good housekeeping .
The financial crisis should have mandated a running stress test to keep senior management up to date daily . Why , then , did the US need the government to conduct a financial exercise that bankers themselves could and should have done far better and faster ?
On the contrary , they are now the government 's partners in a joint venture to manage this dishonest scheme .
Is it democracy with adjectives , such as `` managed '' democracy , `` illiberal '' democracy , or `` electoral '' democracy ?
He said , `` There is a need to ... hold democratic elections according to the law ; have democratic decision-making , democratic management as well as democratic supervision ; safeguard people 's right to know , to participate , to express , and to supervise . ''
Instead , these risks must be dealt with by fundamental changes - changes that will not make individuals more productive than machines , but will allow society to manage risks better and to redistribute them .
Policies that allow scientists to compete for resources nurture creative competition and allow people to construct appropriate incentives and risk-management structures .
We live in an age of financial capitalism , and the only intelligent way forward -- for unions and other workers ' associations -- is for these bodies to help their members make increasingly sophisticated use of the tools of risk management .
A recent paper by MIT Professors Nittai Bergman and Derk Jenter suggests that management tends to award employee options when employees are excessively optimistic about the outlook for company stock -- thereby in effect opportunistically substituting overpriced options for full pay .
The scandal at Enron , in its final days , was that management prevented employees from selling their Enron shares while executives unloaded their own shares .
In today 's complex financial economies , representing workers ' interests is not so simple as battling with management for a bigger share of the pie .
Unions should instead negotiate with management the same way top executives do with their boards of directors when their complex compensation packages are worked out .
Labor unions should negotiate with management about providing appropriate risk management to their employees in financial forms : the right kinds of insurance , options , and other investments to protect them realistically without guaranteeing their employment and without jeopardizing the productivity of the firm .
Corporate managers , meanwhile , got the public support needed to resist many cost-of-living allowances that were fueling a wage-price spiral .
That is how advanced risk management works , as financial professionals know .
My former student Allan Weiss and I have been campaigning since 1990 for better risk management institutions for real estate .
In 1999 , we co-founded a firm , Macro Securities Research , LLC , to promote the development of such institutions , working with the American Stock Exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks .
Because even many financially sophisticated homeowners will find direct participation in derivative markets too daunting , the next stage in the development of real estate risk management will be to create suitable retail products .
Derivatives markets for real estate should also facilitate the creation of mortgage loans that help homeowners manage risks by , say , reducing the amount owed if a home 's value drops .
As the new risk-management industry develops , its components will gradually boost each other .
But if the momentum toward better risk management continues , it will be the last real estate cycle in which homeowners are unable to protect themselves .
Little discussion has focused on the promotion of private risk management institutions , notably insurance .
Insurance companies provide professional , finely detailed risk management that respects the complexity of the dangers to be hedged and responds creatively to individual needs .
But insurance and other risk management institutions have been slow to develop , even in advanced countries .
Moreover , designing new risk-management products is not easy .
Fortunately , our international risk-management institutions are steadily improving .
The Kyoto Protocol created a mechanism for trading carbon dioxide emissions , which promises to manage the risks of an even bigger potential disaster : global warming .
To the extent that governments are involved , they can promote better risk management through responsive regulation and even subsidization of experiments with new private insurance products .
Most of the likely buyers are slow to make up their minds , since trustees , fund managers , consultants , and employer sponsors must all become comfortable that the new concept is consistent with their fiduciary obligations .
The most notable is a significant movement towards providing finely focused risk-management services to the poor , which could ultimately prove to be worth far more than $ 40 billion .
We tend to think that new risk-management products , such as novel types of insurance or financial derivatives , will primarily interest the rich , or at least relatively wealthy people .
In fact , new risk-management products are being developed for some of the poorest people in Africa , Asia , and Latin America .
So risk management , by smoothing out bumps in income , can be extremely important in alleviating the effects of poverty .
Moreover , if unmanaged , risk destroys the prospect of economic growth .
Without risk management , poor people will not experiment with new crops or more productive methods , because any mistake could be disastrous .
In the past , weather insurance could not manage a farmer 's risk effectively because we could not measure well enough the effects of weather on crops .
For insurance to be effective as a risk-management device , weather must be measured at a finely-detailed local level , and the correct measurements must be taken at the correct time .
The number of agencies and governments involved in the movement towards sophisticated risks management for the poor is inspiring .
At the same time , the application of risk-management technology , insurance , and finance requires little of stretched foreign-aid budgets : a relatively small number of office workers , cell phones , and computers .
Both wage and livelihood insurance appear to have important risk management functions .
Indeed , for the future , it is imperative to think about many new ways , involving both government and the market , to ensure that we manage better the greatest personal risks now faced by workers around the world .
Meanwhile , China , a country with more than ten times Mexico 's population , managed to grow spectacularly in this period .
According to Tufano , the fundamental problem in encouraging low-income people to save is that they need the money not just to manage their lives years in the future , when they retire , but also to deal with short-term crises .
Capitalist institutions include risk-management schemes that provide insurance , hedging , and diversification .
How could he manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom ?
But this is really a theory about risk management for certain kinds of products , not `` liquidity '' per se .
Governments are in a good position to create new risk-management policies , and they can then set an example for private insurers to follow .
These `` trills '' would help individual countries manage their GDP risks .
Yet , as I argued in a recent book , financial instruments that increase our ability to manage risks that are now regarded as `` non-diversifiable '' would be of great economic importance .
But generating enough liquidity implies huge expenses : the public must be educated to understand the concept of risk management and overcome serious psychological barriers before it can be persuaded of the usefulness of the new instruments .
This is because most investors overreact to past returns , shifting their money around in a largely futile effort to channel it to managers who can beat the market .
NEW HAVEN -- The basic principle of financial risk management is sharing .
Considering the huge risks that are not managed well , finance , even in the twenty-first century , is actually still rather primitive .
Before the disaster , Japan issued about $ 1.5 billion in earthquake-related catastrophe bonds as a risk-management device : the debt is canceled if a precisely defined seismic event occurs .
Japan could have insulated itself from a good deal of the effects of GDP fluctuations if it had managed this risk accordingly .
Though no country has ever practiced risk management on such a massive scale , it is important to consider such an innovation now .
There is nothing we can do now to compensate for failures to manage risks in the past .
But disasters and economic crises can have a silver lining if they spur fundamental innovation by forcing us to think about how to manage risks in the future .
This amount , akin to a modest management fee , is simply not a dominating consideration for investors .
Insurance , investment , and banking institutions have historically had to fight an uphill battle to get individuals , businesses , and government to pay for risk management .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
The US and China could work together to organize managerial and development training for North Koreans and encourage the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund to start providing technical advice .
In short , far from leading some sort of worldwide Islamist revolution , the violent fanaticism of Al Qaeda and other organizations now resembles a repulsive , but manageable , form of ideological toxic waste .
The European Central Bank , established in 1998 , has a mandate to manage the new currency to maintain price stability .
More generally , however the problem of the Irish referendum result is addressed , the EU will gradually acquire its definitive shape on the basis of the ongoing problems that it must address , because as the dimensions of these problems grow , their management will require solid and durable forms of cooperation .
Often , names are stuck not only over the entire building , but also on as many constituent parts of it as fundraisers and architects can manage .
We are not yet far into 2010 , but studies show that fewer than half of those who make New Year 's resolutions manage to keep them for as long as one month .
In Brazil , a movement to ban wild animals from circuses started after hungry lions managed to grab and devour a small boy .
In the past , jets flying into ash from volcanoes in the US , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Mexico have temporarily lost engine power , and in one case , dropped thousands of feet , although all managed to land safely .
In Latvia , an artificial-intelligence researcher in the University of Latvia 's computer science department who earlier this year leaked confidential records on the income of bank managers has been praised as a modern `` Robin Hood , '' because otherwise the public would not have known how much some people were continuing to be paid while their banks were being bailed out with public funds .
In Padang , according to an estimate by the director of the city 's disaster management office , a similar tsunami could kill more than 400,000 people .
Locked in a downward spiral of instability and economic mismanagement for over a decade , Pakistan 's standing with America decayed as its role as a Cold War buffer receded .
Whereas the centrality of the state in human affairs is a modern , European development , traditional societies like India or Pakistan have always regarded the state as no more than a necessary evil , since large societies can not be managed on the old tribal basis .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
Year after year , the US managed to sell its assets abroad and enjoy the high life at home .
This allowed managers to pursue more long-term goals and proved effective in blocking contagion effects .
First , management pay depends too much on short-term share-price performance , probably owing to the excessive influence of investment banks on commercial banks ' policies .
Given that investment banks can only attain high rates of return in a world with volatile asset prices and short-term performance goals , companies pressure their managers to follow suit .
While that would stimulate inward tourism and real-estate sales , what sounds easy and manageable to the layman would in fact be the most problematic solution for Greece , because it would add fuel to internal protests to a point that could destabilize the eastern Mediterranean .
The public is upset about top managers ' salaries and the fact that big German companies fire workers despite record profits .
In response , the government has urged managers to publish their incomes and abolished the bank secrecy laws that were once considered sacrosanct .
He accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility , and he compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies , exploit them , and move on after their destructive work is done .
Entrepreneurs and managers swallow their anger and show their disapproval only by silently speeding up their relocation decisions .
In Indonesia -LRB- and to a lesser extent Malaysia -RRB- , science and technology , commerce and modern management as well as the all-important challenges of democracy , human rights , and gender equality are being tackled head-on in authentic terms of Muslim discourse .
But is everyone really ready to receive such large amounts of capital and to carefully manage its macroeconomic impact ?
The risk today is not imminent crisis , but rather that the capital flows arising from the global boom will not be well managed , leading to the buildup of vulnerabilities .
The prosperity of the first age of globalization before 1914 , for example , resulted from a successful constellation of developments : falling transport and communication costs , the technological breakthroughs of the second industrial revolution , the pacific state of international relations , and Great Britain 's successful management of the gold standard .
It led directly to the spread of financial risk-management models , which , by excluding the possibility of default , grossly underestimated the amount of risk in the system .
Most obviously in need of amendment is the view that minimally managed and regulated markets are both more stable and more dynamic than those subject to extensive government intervention .
Something had gone wrong with the system of economic management bequeathed by John Maynard Keynes .
Although regulators now place their faith in `` macro-prudential '' models to manage `` systemic '' risk , rather than leaving financial institutions to manage their own risks , both sides lumber on in the untenable belief that all risk is measurable -LRB- and therefore controllable -RRB- , ignoring Keynes 's crucial distinction between `` risk '' and `` uncertainty . ''
Salvation does not lie in better `` risk management '' by either regulators or banks , but , as Keynes believed , in taking adequate precautions against uncertainty .
But the lesson from the current crisis is that we will have to develop styles of global economic governance to manage , regulate , and mitigate the creative , but often disruptive forces unleashed by the global market .
They take pride in the expert `` management of expectations '' by central banks .
Bail-out facilities were then extended ad hoc to investment banks , mortgage providers , and big insurers like AIG , protecting managers , creditors , and stock-holders against loss .
George F. Warren , a professor of farm management at Cornell University , told FDR that the way to raise prices was by reducing the gold value of the dollar .
Danish unions have managed to use such statutory individual rights to reduce the working hours of entire company workforces , and thus increase the number of permanent jobs .
In short , the new regulatory philosophy replaces the illusion that banks can safely be left to manage their risks with the illusion that regulators will do it for them .
During the three-decade-long Keynesian era , governments in the capitalist world managed and regulated their economies to maintain full employment and moderate business fluctuations .
Russia must be convinced that its resources will be far more valuable if they are opened to international investment , managed transparently , and operated according to the legal and commercial rules of the international trading system .
Investors manage much larger sums of money .
Right now , this decentralization process is manageable .
A credible system to manage Indonesia 's new decentralized system is needed .
We combine humanitarian aid and support for institution-building and good governance with crisis-management capacities , technical and financial assistance , and political dialogue and mediation .
Since 2003 , some 70,000 men and women have been deployed in 23 crisis-management operations .
We are in a transition period : international interconnection is increasing , as the global economic crisis has shown , but the management tools and mechanisms to guarantee the smooth operation of governments are still not being shared .
Establishing joint management and overhauling conventional defense capacities will be a two-pronged challenge : functional , owing to the traditional schema of defense organizations , and political , inasmuch as a cession of state sovereignty will be required .
Had the treaty been approved in 2005 as intended , it would have been in place for six years , and the strain placed by the crisis on EU economic governance -- so visible in the eurozone 's recent problems -- would have been much more manageable .
But overall , increasing responsiveness -- if clearly not in a democratic mode -- has managed to maintain the instability that does exist at a level and within a scope that marks a game of unwritten rules -- one of complainants confining their choler within understood bounds and of the government watchful over an ever-simmering stew .
The Bali conference last year agreed to include avoided deforestation in tropical countries into a new climate regime , which could generate new employment opportunities in sustainable management , conservation , and tourism .
At that time , Yahoo 's managers in the United States , like Microsoft in Russia , declared that they had to follow Chinese law .
The French state budget is chronically ill-managed , running deficits on par with Italy .
The need for greater transparency in the management of resource revenues was endorsed by the G8 declaration at Evian this June .
President Bush managed to convince the nation that Saddam Hussein had some connection with the suicide bombers of September 11 , and that he possessed weapons of mass destruction .
For 18 months after 9\/11 , he managed to suppress all dissent .
International support could help educate 40,000 Afghans each year in urgently needed fields , such as engineering , management , agriculture , law , and economics .
In practice , the Fifth Committee has exercised the kind of micro-management over personnel and expenditure that ought to be exercised by the Secretary General if the UN is to operate effectively and to have a staff which is up to the challenges facing the organization .
For example , failure of management reform would fuel demands by the US Congress to withhold America 's contributions to the UN budget -- a policy that would greatly undermine America 's own interests , such as the planned expansion of the mission to stop genocide in Darfur .
Indeed , a whole network of publications , some of which manage to parade as mainstream media , is devoted to the task .
The super-boom got out of hand when the new products became so complicated that the authorities could no longer calculate the risks and started relying on the risk management methods of the banks themselves .
His solution landed the housing market in the worst of all worlds : their managements knew that if the blank cheques were filled out they would lose their jobs , so they retrenched and made mortgages more expensive and less available .
As long as they manage their risks properly , regulators should be happy .
And the dollar could still remain the preferred reserve currency , provided it is prudently managed .
At bottom , they are protesting against the mismanagement of their countries ' wealth and resources -- with implications that affect the security and affordability of the entire world 's energy supplies .
It is likely that China will shortly resume its pre-crisis policy of managed appreciation .
For example , asset management , distribution , underwriting and securitization , and proprietary trading would be separated in various ways .
One depends on emerging economies ' ability to manage their own success ; the other relates to the extent to which the global economy can accommodate this success .
Emerging economies still need to manage better their growing domestic tensions , which reflect rising income inequality and uneven access to basic services .
The old hybrid -- in which advanced countries operated with floating exchange rates and open capital accounts , while developing countries managed the exchange rate via capital controls and reserve accumulation as part their growth strategies -- worked as long as emerging markets ' systemic effects were relatively small .
To accommodate the needs of the emerging economies , as well as the interests of advanced countries , a new system will be needed , in which exchange rates are managed but adjusted according to criteria that balance domestic growth and global stability .
The timing , from the point of view of crisis management , could not have been worse .
But , given the US housing market 's fragility , raising interest rates could cause prices to plummet , sinking the economy again . Despite their complaints , it is not clear that emerging economies would prefer another deep US downturn to the current flood of inbound capital that that they must manage .
Slow growth is manageable .
For the past two years , my colleagues and I on the Growth Commission have sought to learn how 13 developing countries managed to record growth rates averaging 7 % or more for 25 years or longer .
The interdependencies in the global economy -LRB- in areas as diverse as financial markets , product safety , infectious diseases , natural resource dependency , and global warming -RRB- have outrun our collective capacity to manage them and coordinate policy responses .
But openness brings risks , many unanticipated and most under-managed .
Openness needs protecting and the best way to protect it is to manage the areas of growing interdependence effectively , pragmatically and inclusively .
These included advances in technology -LRB- especially in transportation and communications -RRB- , management innovation in multinational companies , and integration of these companies ' supply chains .
Relatively few economies -LRB- five to be precise , all in Asia : Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , and Singapore -RRB- successfully managed this transition while sustaining high growth rates .
But China also faces an external environment that is occasionally hostile to the country 's form of government ; that sometimes overlooks or undervalues the rapid rise of millions of Chinese from poverty ; that tends to view the global economy as a zero-sum game ; and that mistakenly attributes China 's economic success to non-cooperative policies in areas like exchange-rate management .
Restarting the Doha round of trade negotiations with a more manageable agenda -- and one focused on the poorer and more vulnerable developing countries -- would be a good way to revive progress on trade .
Much of the rest of the world would prefer a stronger dollar , fewer capital inflows with a carry-trade flavor , and less need to manage their own currencies ' appreciation to avoid adverse consequences for their economies ' competitiveness .
Similarly , Georgia 's inability to manage relations with its only autonomous republic , Adzharia , does n't inspire much confidence .
The IMF 's management shares many strategic considerations repeatedly raised by the Bundesbank , which has argued that the Fund should limit its activities to its core mandate : promoting monetary and financial stability .
Some have proposed establishing a new institution for crisis management , which would most likely require a treaty change .
Many , probably most , of the other problems were managerial in nature .
I came to realize that the political answer to this crisis must encompass more than improved regulatory regimes , risk-management strategies , and capital requirements .
By contrast , the shortage in SSA of scientific , technical , and administrative skills , such as those of engineers , natural scientists , managers , and technicians , is a key reason why the East Asian `` miracle '' could not be reproduced there .
Partly because of IMF mismanagement , this became a global financial crisis , raising interest rates for all emerging markets including Argentina .
The financial products being created did n't manage risk ; they enhanced risk .
Meanwhile , the financial sector failed to create products that would help ordinary people manage the risks they faced , including the risks of home ownership .
So should voters trying to decide between the two simply look at it as a matter of choosing alternative management teams ?
Indeed , it is the ultimate irony that money is now flowing from poor and well-managed economies to the US , the source of the global problems .
There are inherent conflicts of interest : owners and managers have a natural incentive to present a picture as rosy as possible .
They claim to manage conflicts of interest ; but we see that they may manage them for their own interests .
It has long been recognized that those America 's banks that are too big to fail are also too big to be managed .
The US and other advanced industrial countries pushed globalization . But this crisis has shown that they have not managed globalization as well as they should have .
If globalization is to work for everyone , decisions about how to manage it must be made in a democratic and inclusive manner -- with the participation of both the perpetrators and the victims of the mistakes .
Without any other compass , the incentive structures they adopted did motivate them -- not to introduce new products to improve ordinary people ' lives or to help them manage the risks they faced , but to put the global economy at risk by engaging in short-sighted and greedy behavior .
It is vital to correct such flaws -- at the level of the organization and of the individual manager .
Of course , even with this assistance , countries that mismanage their economies will face problems ; the proposal is not a panacea to the world 's problems .
Indeed , financial engineering did not create products that would help ordinary citizens manage the simple risk of home ownership -- with the consequence that millions have lost their homes , and millions more are likely to do so .
As a result , financial markets , which are supposed to manage risk and allocate capital efficiently , created risk and misallocated wildly .
But that is precisely why a government-managed mortgage market is dangerous .
Europe has finally managed to come to the rescue of Greece and Ireland .
Iceland showed that responding to the crisis by imposing capital controls could help small countries manage its impact .
There is a wide range of available capital-account management tools , and it is best if countries use a portfolio of them .
As unequal as America was before the Great Recession , the crisis , and the way it has been managed , has led to even greater income inequality , making a recovery all the more difficult . America is setting itself up for its own version of a Japanese-style malaise .
Crises need to be carefully managed .
In 1997 , the mismanagement of the East Asia crisis by the IMF and the US Treasury transformed downturns into recessions , and recessions into depressions .
Realpolitik might mean that there will be senior people from both China and the US in the top management team , but the presumption that the number two position should be filled by an American also has to go .
The global financial crisis of 1997\/1998 - mismanaged by the IMF , largely at the direction of the US Treasury - led to an increased flow of steel imports .
But the weaknesses in the economy as a result of this economic mismanagement mean that those who lose their jobs will face a tougher time .
Globalization , well and equitably managed , can benefit all countries .
But under globalization , as currently managed , many have not gained ; and some of the poorest have lost out .
Europe 's leaders recognized that distressed countries ' debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow , and that growth could not be achieved without assistance .
The whole point of restructuring was to discharge debt and make the remainder more manageable .
After all , America 's financial mismanagement played an important role in triggering Europe 's problems , and financial turmoil in Europe would not be good for the US -- especially given the fragility of the US banking system and the continuing role it plays in non-transparent CDSs .
The final problem contributing to weakness in global aggregate demand was emerging markets ' massive buildup of foreign-exchange reserves -- partly motivated by the mismanagement of the 1997-98 East Asia crisis by the International Monetary Fund and the US Treasury .
This was a remarkable admission : through their transition policies , they had managed , in just a few years , to decrease the productive capacity of the world 's number two superpower by more than 40 % , a devastating outcome greater than that of any war !
Brazil 's monetary policy has been managed extraordinarily well by Arminio Fraga -LRB- my former student -RRB- , but behind him is a strong institution , with the analytic capacities of a first world Central Bank .
As an American , I looked on in envy as Brazil managed its way through a difficult situation .
There was almost pride in the lack of confidence Argentina 's people had in their institutions and their ability to manage without the shackles of convertibility .
Argentina seems set to join the long list of countries - Brazil , Korea , Russia , Thailand , and Indonesia - that managed devaluations without runaway inflation .
As a result of these failures , a global consensus has emerged that the global financial crisis was mismanaged and that reforms are needed in the global economic architecture .
The combination of lack of confidence in US corporate accounts , lack of confidence in America 's economic policy management -LRB- compounded by the mounting deficits -RRB- , and America 's soft underlying economic fundamentals , has dented the US economy 's global reputation .
Moreover , this was worse than dishonest : stock options provided managers with strong incentives to get the value of their stocks up fast .
It was as if managers were actively discouraged from looking at fundamentals .
uncertainties arising from America 's looming fiscal deficit , due to macroeconomic mismanagement and a tax cut that the country can not afford ;
Here are three : An independent central bank is necessary for sound macro-economic policy . The truth : countries that do not have an independent central bank , like India , manage to contain inflation as effectively as those with independent central banks .
There is nothing that undermines confidence in an economy so much as recessions ; and there is nothing that undermines confidence in a government 's ability to manage the economy so much as ongoing failure to address either the extremes of inflation or persistent stagnation .
Confidence in the Euro , along with mounting evidence of America 's economic mismanagement , provided an opportunity for Europe to lower interest rates to stimulate growth .
But such risks are far less important for countries with sound economic management and low levels of indebtedness .
Furthermore , modern techniques of dynamic hedging have improved the capacity to manage these risks .
It is not destabilizing speculation that poses the biggest threat to Sweden today , but rather poor monetary management - including an excessive focus on inflation in the manner of the ECB .
Those responsible for such economic mismanagement should be held accountable .
The failed WTO meeting in Cancun of two weeks ago should serve as a warning : something is fundamentally wrong with how the global trading system is managed .
Today , there is a broad consensus that shock therapy , at least at the level of microeconomic reforms , failed , and that countries -LRB- Hungary , Poland , and Slovenia -RRB- that took the gradualist approach to privatization and the reconstruction of institutional infrastructure managed their transitions far better than those that tried to leapfrog into a laissez-faire economy .
The war on terrorism and in Iraq has distracted much of the world 's attention from the pressing issue of how globalization should be managed so that it benefits everyone .
The fault lies with how globalization has been managed - partly by countries , but most importantly , by the international community , including institutions like the World Bank , World Trade Organization , and the IMF , which are responsible for establishing the `` rules of the game . ''
The way that globalization has been managed , however , has eroded the ability of the state to play its proper role . At the root of this problem is the global political system - if such it can be called .
Confidence in the IMF was at an all time low . It had badly mismanaged the East Asian crisis , the Russian crisis , and the Brazilian crisis .
But on the fundamental questions of economic management , the record is far less positive .
While the President of Germany is not supposed to intervene in the day-to-day management of the country , his voice will no doubt be influential .
There is an important role for government in ensuring full employment - a role that the Bush administration has badly mismanaged .
Our second message was optimistic : if the agenda of the current round is reoriented towards development , and if assistance is provided to manage implementation and adjustment costs , developing countries can gain much .
The result , often enough , is a climate within which managers begin to feel that it is acceptable to skirt the edges of the law or to fudge company accounts .
Peace will not quickly be restored to Iraq , and it is hard to conceive of opening up a major new front , when America can hardly manage what it has already undertaken .
Others will , of course , have to continue to bear the costs of the mistaken and mismanaged adventure in Iraq .
There are some absolutely first-rate individuals who could step into the job , people who have shown their command of economic development , their intellect and personal integrity , and their political and managerial skills .
From a global point of view , the best use of these resources is to maintain the forests , which is even possible with managed cutting .
The inevitable result has been the IMF 's inability to manage crises , incomprehension of the needs of transition economies , and a failure to promote development .
But , while no central bank governor can ensure economic prosperity , mismanagement can cause enormous harm .
With confidence in Bush 's economic management almost as low as confidence in his management of the Iraq war , there is every reason to worry that should one of these crises emerge , it will not be well managed .
But it is more likely that 2006 will just be another year of malaise : China 's significance within the global economy is still not large enough to offset weaknesses in the rest of the world . America , too , will manage to muddle through again -- leaving even higher levels of debt for the future .
It made no sense to privatize USEC and thus expose its managers to this temptation .
But I believe that globalization has enormous potential -- as long as it is properly managed .
America managed to pass off bad mortgages worth hundreds of billions of dollars to investors -LRB- including banks -RRB- around the world .
In South Korea , the IMF urged the sale of the country 's banks to American investors , even though Koreans had managed their own economy impressively for four decades , with higher growth , more stability , and without the systemic scandals that have marked US financial markets with such frequency .
For those who think that a well-managed globalization has the potential to benefit both developed and developing countries , and who believe in global social justice and the importance of democracy -LRB- and the vibrant middle class that supports it -RRB- , all of this is bad news .
If monetary authorities respond appropriately to growing inflationary pressure -- recognizing that much of it is imported , and not a result of excess domestic demand -- we may be able to manage our way through it .
The largest cost of this mismanaged war has been borne by Iraq .
Developing countries currently face higher rates of inflation not because of poorer macro-management , but because oil and food prices are soaring , and these items represent a much larger share of the average household budget than in rich countries .
The so-called `` Great Moderation '' lulled many policymakers into a false sense of security about their ability to manage the economy and deal with financial crises .
And , finally , given powerful interactions within the financial sector and across the broader economy , we need an overarching framework to manage risks in the financial system as a whole .
Of the 40,000 survivors , perhaps 500 are still alive ; I tracked down and interviewed 40 of them -- ordinary people who were left behind or managed to reach the end , but with stories that are highly instructive .
Institutionalizing a mechanism for broad-based international economic surveillance and policy coordination will be an important longer-term goal , but at this point , world leaders urgently need to rebalance global demand and improve the management of the exchange-rate system .
But France managed to do even worse than its neighbors .
But Hatoyama 's government has ignored macroeconomic management by abolishing the policy board charged with discussing economic and fiscal policy .
What is most needed is consistent and stable macroeconomic management .
Such management is possible .
While China 's ability to maintain high growth through the `` Lehman Shock '' was a remarkable feat of economic management , three important changes in China hold geo-political implications for the region and the world .
Hatoyama 's cabinet , led by his Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- , ignored macroeconomic management after taking office in September 2009 .
The world 's expectations for responsible economic management by the governments of both China and Japan -- and thus the need for it -- are growing by the day .
Frustrated by the long-ruling LDP 's poor political and economic management , voters opted last year for change at the top .
But the pattern of economic mismanagement , far from being reversed , has only become worse .
This will cause economic growth to slacken , complicating effective management of China 's domestic problems , which range from deep income disparities to the lack of political institutions capable of channeling popular grievances and demands .
If Europe can successfully manage this role , US-China tensions can be overcome , offering the entire world the opportunity to harness and benefit from the strength of its two largest economies .
These funds ' managers rightly complain that insufficient investment opportunities exist in the region in agriculture and manufacturing .
Our subsidizing of bank managers and executives is completely involuntary .
Why does any investment manager buy the stocks of banks that pay out very large portions of their earnings to their employees ?
Why do portfolio and pension-fund managers hope to receive impunity from their investors ?
Are n't fund managers violating both fiduciary responsibilities and moral rules ?
One may wonder : If investment managers and their clients do n't receive high returns on bank stocks , as they would if they were profiting from bankers ' externalization of risk onto taxpayers , why do they hold them at all ? The answer is the so-called `` beta '' : banks represent a large share of the S&P 500 , and managers need to be invested in them .
Investment managers have a moral and professional responsibility to play their role in bringing some discipline into the banking system .
Investors , and the rest of us , would be much better off if these funds flowed to more productive companies , perhaps with an amount equivalent to what would be transferred to bankers ' bonuses redirected to well-managed charities .
Lula 's government has thought long and hard about how to manage the oil wealth , and has devised a unique program .
There are already signs of disquiet among more moderate Iranian policymakers , as Ahmadinejad 's economic mismanagement has begun to fuel higher inflation .
Italian officials privately confirm that the current figures are not unmanageable .
All of these issues test the region 's ability to manage peace and mitigate tensions between its main powers -- and thus underscore the concern that Hatoyama and Rudd raised .
Elites must give up their privileges , and regulations on corporate governance must limit collusion between managers and civil servants or politicians .
India 's private sector is efficient and entrepreneurial , and its capital and management skills have proven able to control and manage assets in the sophisticated financial markets of the developed West .
The Association manages to unite Australia and Iran , Singapore and India , Madagascar and the United Arab Emirates , and a dozen other states large and small -- unlikely partners brought together by the fact that the Indian Ocean washes their shores .
Using technology to deliver security will become even more important in areas such as information sharing , disaster management , and data-privacy standards .
High-speed broadband Internet access can improve everything from transport management , environmental protection , and emergency services to health care , distance education , and agricultural productivity .
NEW DELHI -- As stage-managed elections ratify the consequences of three decades of military rule in Burma , the perspective from its neighbor India may help explain why there is continued international acceptance of the country 's long-ruling junta .
But whatever they manage to agree upon , as a long-time UN official I am conscious of how much the UN has already changed since I joined 27 years ago .
India has survived all the challenges that have beset it for 60 years because it has maintained a consensus on how to manage without consensus .
Indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side -LRB- though this is changing -RRB- , but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers -- outstanding cricketers like the batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar , or the all-rounders Vinoo Mankad and Kapil Dev , who were considered to be among the world 's best players , even if the Indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won .
To its credit , the Brazilian government has revoked policies that had previously encouraged land clearing in the Amazon , and has mandated that 80 % of privately owned forestland be used only for sustainable management of forest resources .
Any diagnosis of diabetes , or subsequent monitoring of disease progression , requires a medical consultation and hence an entry into the patient record -- and so into the practice 's patient-management information system .
Logically , the surveillance system should operate by extracting the entire subset of data required for surveillance purposes from each health-care provider 's patient management information system -LRB- `` front-end capture '' -RRB- .
In the United States , pharmacy benefit managers -LRB- PBM -RRB- handle prescriptions for almost all large employers and account for more than 200 million individuals .
And , considering the rampant corruption that plagues our continent , it might take a century to see male soccer teams managed and funded sufficiently .
Nearly a billion people on the planet manage their lives with serious water shortages , and their circumstances are only likely to worsen with climate change and rapid urbanization .
Like it or not , ready or not , these scientific developments are putting us on the road to becoming the managers of the global ecosystem , rather than just a participant in it .
Together these new areas of science will allow us to manage the ecosystems on our planet , predicting the effects of human interventions , anticipating the flow of natural cycles .
We truly have the power to become the managers of planet Earth .
Most importantly , the gardener does not manage the garden for the sake of the plants , but for some other goal - to raise food , produce flowers , or just to look pretty .
In addition , Rogozin is a pro-Putin politician , which is also very important to the bulk of voters , and he has managed to confirm this not only verbally , but also bureaucratically , by his work as the president 's special representative for Kaliningrad Oblast affairs .
But Russia 's government still needs to set up a transparent and accountable structure to manage its sovereign wealth .
It is not unthinkable that management will simply ignore the boards .
But I suspect that a greater danger lies elsewhere , with the practical men and women employed in the policymaking functions of central banks , regulatory agencies , governments , and financial institutions ' risk-management departments tending to gravitate to simplified versions of the dominant beliefs of economists who are , in fact , very much alive .
Indeed , at least in the arena of financial economics , a vulgar version of equilibrium theory rose to dominance in the years before the financial crisis , portraying market completion as the cure to all problems , and mathematical sophistication decoupled from philosophical understanding as the key to effective risk management .
So risk managers in banks applied the techniques of probability analysis to `` value at risk '' calculations , without asking whether samples of recent events really carried strong inferences for the probable distribution of future events .
Sophisticated human institutions -- such as those that form the policymaking and regulatory system -- are impossible to manage without a set of ideas that are sufficiently complex and internally consistent to be intellectually credible , but simple enough to provide a workable basis for day-to-day decision-making .
For them , manufactured discontent in Ukraine 's Russian-speaking regions -- which have embraced a centrifugal tendency greater than in any other European democracy -- impels them toward the system of managed democracy found in Russia in order to protect their continued misrule .
After all , Ukraine managed to eliminate its nuclear weapons and reach accommodation over the Black Sea fleet without joining a private economic bloc with Russia .
Fortunately , much greater attention is paid today to mine safety and the management of the by-products of coal use .
But , faced with the need to manage climate risk for our investors and our descendants , we believe the Blueprints outcomes provide the best balance between economy , energy , and environment .
And yet Argentina has managed to grow fast , doubling per capita income since 2002 .
This dollar invasion is making macroeconomic management in emerging countries even more challenging than usual .
A study by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry identified five main sectors that can act as `` engines of growth '' to boost Indo-Africa trade : pharmaceuticals and the health sector , information technology , water management , food processing , and education .
India also offers important experience in agricultural expansion , clean water management , and confronting the growing threat of climate change .
As long as those structures manage to keep new entrants out , market discipline will be suppressed and the consumer will suffer .
Each allowed him to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
Tolbert 's legal shrewdness , scholarly international law background , and smart management style are indisputable .
Indeed , when North Korea approached Swedish academics to request training in business management , they insisted that the training take place in conditions as near to those prevailing in North Korea as possible .
More recently , local managers who took on McDonald 's franchises transformed several aspects of the business to fit Chinese tastes and habits .
A second aspect of Chinese entrepreneurship is the kind of institutions and the management style that it embodies .
Thus , control and management were carried out mostly by family members and kin , with support through networking with those in an established relationship of trust .
He says that if Roscosmos 's management decided to act , it would work with experts from Europe , the United States , China , and other space powers to decide how best to proceed .
For example , while Western representatives generally view Iran as an emerging threat , many Russians still insist that the Iranian regime remains a proliferation challenge that can be managed through non-BMD means such as diplomacy and limited international sanctions .
So we should take a long , hard look at how we manage our resources .
The New York-based management wanted the Palestinians and Israelis to portray each other in a humanizing way .
The CBRC uncovered 1,272 criminal cases and disciplined 6,826 bank employees -LRB- including 325 senior managers -RRB- .
Big multinational banks and mortgage lenders have moved into markets across Latin America , providing financial services that allow lenders to better manage risk .
Meanwhile , the Czechs managed to elect a perfectly hung parliament .
The new code also introduces the concept of `` administrative receivership , '' whereby lawyers , certified accountants , and other intermediaries act as managers of enterprises undergoing bankruptcy .
Ibn Saud managed to conquer and unite the vast territory of the Arabian Peninsula , give it his family name , and alienate , divide , and control his cousins and brothers in order to establish a clear and undisputed line of succession through his sons .
While it persisted , expenditures swelled but were manageable -- until , suddenly , energy prices collapsed .
For more than 60 years , the two groups have managed to live together in an acceptable manner , confronting with relative dignity the inferno of terrorism and the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza strip .
Will the North 's would-be leaders be able to manage the country 's stock of nuclear weapons responsibly and safely without transferring a few of them abroad , much less respond to international pressure to dismantle them in a reasonable and flexible manner ?
Finally , long-term mismanagement and international sanctions have pushed the North Korean economy to the brink of collapse .
The main concern in this period of great uncertainty is whether the transition to a new paradigm can be managed without further destabilizing the international political-economic order .
First , China 's crisis management has made its growth pattern , marked by massive investment demand , even more problematic .
All in all , the negative impact of the Chinese government 's crisis-management measures on China 's long-term growth may be serious if the authorities fail to tackle the economy 's structural problems head on .
Mogae managed to hold down inflation and attract foreign investment in order to diversify Botswana 's economy and make it less dependent on the extraction of diamonds , while simultaneously ensuring that more of the country 's mineral wealth was processed at home .
Their management certainly benefited as long as everything went well .
This requires , first and most importantly , reducing global warming to the apparently inevitable increase of two degrees Celsius , beyond which lies an environmental catastrophe that could be unmanageable for poor and vulnerable countries .
The most innovative aspect of these new rules is that the limits do not apply only to financial institutions ' chief executive officers , but to all the top managers -LRB- though the definition of top managers is delegated to national parliaments -RRB- .
This system rewards managers for taking risks , even when the risk is excessive .
Unfortunately , there is no publicly available data to establish a causal relationship between bonuses ' pay-for-performance sensitivity and risk-taking for lower-level managers .
If the company performs poorly in the three years , the manager will lose part or all of his or her accumulated bonus .
Currently , bank managers receive their bonuses at the beginning of each year , with the level based on their individual performance during the previous year .
In large financial institutions , however , the incentive to gamble at taxpayers ' expense does not apply only to managers ; it extends to bondholders , who are de facto protected by the government .
Restricting managers ' incentive pay without changing shareholders ' incentives will only force shareholders to be more actively involved in the company and choose other ways to increase the level of risk-taking .
This tax would have two positive effects : it would induce banks to recapitalize , thereby reducing their excessive leverage , while forcing managers to have more skin in the game .
The major investment banks are fully aware that every day that they delay appropriate market regulation , they earn millions of dollars for their managers ' bonus funds .
