When the euro area manages to agree swiftly on a coordinated position , this can be instrumental to finding agreement in the EU as a whole and internationally .
California 's government rarely manages to satisfy the balanced-budget requirement in the state constitution .
It will be lucky if it manages to achieve 2.8 % , one half of that expected in Bangladesh and one-third of that projected for India .
If China manages one day to follow the example of South Korea , Japan , and Taiwan , and join the `` mainstream of civilized nations '' by establishing a liberal democracy , then December 10 , 2008 , will go down in history as one of the key dates of its conception .
And today , the ambition of many working-class Italian mothers is to see their daughters become a successful scantily clad `` velina '' who , in turn , manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-TV heartthrob or some budding young football player .
How Lula , a former metal worker and founder of CUT , which also represents most automobile workers , manages relations with the trade unions will be critical .
In this scenario , once again China continues to attempt to maintain full employment by keeping the renminbi undervalued . But this time , the Chinese government manages to restrain domestic inflation , so America 's trade deficit with Asia stops falling and starts rising again , as does Europe 's , while Latin America finds itself priced out of its export markets .
It is also clear that the West 's future role will depend on how America manages this new distribution of power .
Indeed , US military withdrawal from Iraq can be accomplished without causing a major regional catastrophe only if America manages to establish such a minimum of regional stability .
Because fundamental equality is granted in this way , the British system manages to cope better than others do with a greater expression of distinctive identities .
Yet , despite all this , Lukashenko manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia -LRB- i.e. , a single currency -RRB- .
Today , China has replaced Germany -LRB- and Japan -RRB- as the world 's top exporter -- but with one difference : it manages its exchange rate tightly , using capital controls and massive intervention in currency markets .
How Obama manages calls from both the left and the right for more action could well shape the environment in which the process -- owned and managed by Arabs -- eventually unfolds .
That is why Europe will inevitably be a minor priority if Russia manages to restore and maintain special relations with the US .
But if Musharraf manages to get his own PCO judges established in the country , then we will head toward a period of turmoil .
The economy 's most dynamic industries -- namely , mining and tourism -- are reserved for the military , which manages them in a business-like , profit-seeking way .
The World Health Organization has created a global network of national laboratories that do early detection work , and manages on a meager annual budget of roughly $ 400 million .
An effective leader manages and shapes the context of decisions by creating and maintaining well-designed systems .
The poor performance of Wall Street and America regulators has cost America a good deal in terms of the soft power of its economic model 's attractiveness , but the blow need not be fatal if , in contrast to Japan in the 1990 's , the US manages to absorb the losses and limit the damage .
If she manages to rebuild Olmert 's coalition and become Israel 's next prime minister , Livni 's initial credit at home and abroad will be outstanding .
Chávez manages information about his illness and treatment as part of a political strategy .
It is to Spence 's credit that the report manages to avoid both market fundamentalism and institutional fundamentalism .
Its future economic progress depends in no small part on whether it manages to open its political system to competition , in much the same way that it has opened up its economy .
No matter how badly it mismanages its business -- Lehman essentially transformed itself into a real estate holding company totally dependent on a continuing US housing bubble -- the creditors of a big financial institution should always get repaid . Otherwise , confidence in the system will be undermined , and chaos will break loose .
The friend is badly wounded but manages to escape ; Osiev dies after being stabbed in the back .
It manages simultaneously to fleece the people of six poor countries and to put US workers in harm 's way .
The Association manages to unite Australia and Iran , Singapore and India , Madagascar and the United Arab Emirates , and a dozen other states large and small -- unlikely partners brought together by the fact that the Indian Ocean washes their shores .
