After all , Horst Köhler , the IMF managing director , resigned from a job that commands the world 's attention to accept the nomination to become President of Germany , a ceremonial post with no power whatsoever , not even inside Germany .
To be sure , managing a melting pot is not easy , and many of America 's social problems are related to difficult race relations .
The truth is , however , that the US and the EU are rapidly evolving along their own paths : both sides of the Atlantic thus face the challenge of managing an ever more complex relationship .
The apparent explanation for the IMF 's extraordinary gamble is that the managing director who made the decision to support Greece so heavily hailed from the eurozone and , at the time , was barely disguising his ambitions to run for the French presidency -- that is , before his arrest in New York on charges of rape .
This mismanagement should disqualify any eurozone policymaker from the IMF 's managing directorship , and yet Christine Lagarde , French finance minister , was named to succeed her compatriot Dominique Strauss-Kahn after his resignation .
A principal challenge is managing the consequences of the explosive growth of urban populations .
Had such compensation structures been in place at Bear Stearns and Lehman , their top executives would not have been able to derive such large amounts of performance-based compensation for managing the firms in the years leading up to their collapse .
Financial firms opposed to pay regulation will likely warn against `` micro-managing '' compensation , and argue that compensation choices must take into account information about each individual manager that regulators are almost certain to lack .
The state 's extensive environmental and energy regulation , including micromanaging carbon emissions , in combination with globalization , has driven away much of California 's manufacturing and many of its middle-class jobs .
That is bad news for those who believe that US-China cooperation is essential for reviving the global economy , meeting the challenge of climate change , containing threats of nuclear proliferation , and managing a host of other problems without borders .
Global cooperation has been key to managing the financial crisis .
It is no less vital to managing climate change , for which the stakes are far higher .
This effort is so systematic , and backed so vigorously by the Israeli government , that there seems to be little prospect of a few hundred protesters , however distinguished , managing to stop it .
Whatever happened between the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund and his accuser , the fact that he was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in France .
Cubans are known for managing humor in the worst situations .
McCain , Clinton and Obama support `` comprehensive reform '' -- code words for the ying and yang of managing anti-immigrant sentiment here : give Americans some promises of secure borders and they 'll swallow giving the undocumented a path to citizenship . -LRB- No one mentions in this bargain , that the United States has already spent billions to secure ouitsr borders and nonetheless some 500,000 illegal immigrants a year continue to come , but that 's another story . -RRB-
Significantly , Obama restricted his tour to Asia 's leading democracies -- India , Indonesia , Japan , and South Korea -- which surround China and are central to managing its rise .
However , in practice , Brown has remained in the shadows , skillfully managing the economy , but remaining silent and enigmatic on vital political issues , and apparently endorsing everything Blair did .
If efforts to produce a parallel bail-in arrangement , which allows bondholders to share the pain , are also successful , we might be within sight of a sensible and not-too-costly reform with which the market can make peace -- and which regulators would have a realistic chance of managing .
We also believe that government should play a powerful role in managing the market to avoid large depressions , redistributing income to produce higher social welfare , and preventing pointless industrial structuring produced by the fads and fashions that sweep the minds of financiers .
Let me stress that I have no complaints about the policies implemented by the United States Federal Reserve , which has had the main burden of responsibility for `` managing '' the crisis .
More effective than freezing accounts and barring travel by officials with ties to the missile and nuclear programs would be to work with North Korea 's younger technocrats , banking and financial officials , and economic advisers to improve their expertise in managing North Korea 's economic transition .
Burma 's deterioration demands that Ban stop managing and begin to lead .
By the time the Human Genome Initiative was launched at the end of the 1980 's , the amount of data was no longer the limiting factor in the development of new knowledge ; suddenly , managing it was .
In the end , Chancellor Schroder was given a fig leaf to hide his embarrassment in the form of the present managing director , Horst Kohler , whose main qualification for the job is being German , unlike his two predecessors De Larosiere and Camdessus , who were distinguished French inspecteusr de finances , i.e. they belonged to the cream of cream in the bureaucratic elite of France .
The final hit is comes in the form of the resignation of the IMF 's first deputy managing director , Stanley Fischer , who was in charge of assuring continuity and good sense as well as staff morale .
Three years ago , Fox wanted the `` whole enchilada '' : a temporary workers accord , more Green Cards to allow Mexicans to work in the US , legalization of immigrants already in the US , development funds for Mexican communities that send immigrants to the US , and a bilateral approach to managing the problem .
The difficulties that EU governments face in managing the financial crisis are raising serious questions about whether national industrial policy and the Union 's competition rules can co-exist .
Now , however , the rumor mill is heating up with gossip that the Fund 's managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , will leave in order to oppose Nikolas Sarkozy in the 2012 French presidential elections .
A lame-duck managing director would hamstring the Fund .
Already there is a sense that the IMF is reluctant to tell Europe more forcefully how to handle its problem with Greece because the managing director must be careful to avoid meddling in Europe 's internal politics .
This , in turn , has fueled speculation that Zhu will be a candidate to become the next managing director .
If you ask Asian leaders what would make them consider again approaching the Fund after their traumatic experience with IMF `` assistance '' in 1997-1998 , they will answer : an Asian managing director .
The next managing director should be selected on the merits , not on the basis of nationality .
Asia has plenty of competent economic officials who might be considered as the next managing director of the IMF .
In managing their exchange rate , they have gotten it exactly right .
Will those responsible for managing central-bank reserves , seeking to maximize returns , shift erratically between those currencies ?
Rather , the Sarkozy administration will seek to develop mechanisms for managing the transition to an international currency system in which the dollar , the euro , and the renminbi all play consequential global roles .
But managing the boom is more important , because it addresses what causes crises in the first place .
Moldova will be an increasingly safe neighbor for the EU and a good partner in managing migration flows .
Under UN administration , legitimate Kosovar institutions for managing domestic affairs have been created .
Unfortunately , the G-20 communiqué offers only more of the same prescriptions for managing systemic risk that the Financial Stability Forum -LRB- FSF -RRB- , the United States Federal Reserve , and others have put forward .
Containing systemic risks , therefore , requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system , but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values . If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this , they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals .
Unfortunately , contemporary economic theory , with its presumption of perfect price discovery in asset markets , has discouraged economists and policymakers from paying any attention to the role of asset-price swings in managing systemic risk .
Building the Markets We Need VIENNA -- The greatest challenge of the current global financial crisis is the seeming impossibility of comprehending and managing its diversity .
As a result , he has become obsessed with micromanaging everything from troop movements and special events to postings and promotions , all of which require his personal stamp of approval .
Indeed , by managing the political process to make the government work for Brazil 's people , Lula 's administration has made Brazil a truly stable and consensual democracy .
Central banks were instituted with the responsibility of managing disorderly capital flows .
In successive waves of painful crisis -- in Latin America in the 1980 's , and in East Asia after 1997 -- countries learned a better approach to economic policy and developed a more sustainable framework for managing public-sector debt .
Unfortunately , about half of the IMF 's past managing directors have been either weak or overly political -- or both .
The IMF 's first two managing directors , the Belgian Camille Gutt and the Swede Ivar Rooth , were both weak figures .
The IMF 's two most recent managing directors before DSK , a German and a Spaniard , were also weak .
The convention that the IMF 's managing director needs to be a West European is not written down anywhere , least of all in the Fund 's Articles of Agreement .
None of the three most powerful and influential managing directors had been a politician or government minister .
The IMF needs a managing director who transcends political logic and can lay out the economics of the new global order .
Historically , the resilience of family firms was rooted in the fact that they were good at managing trust when other institutions - the state or the market - were shaky .
When the inevitable British devaluation came on September 20-21 , 1931 , many foreign central banks were badly hit and were blamed for mismanaging their reserves .
But the IMF has changed a great deal in recent years , largely under the auspices of Dominique Strauss-Kahn , its current managing director .
There is a lot of goodwill to ensure a democratic dividend for these countries , while of course managing expectations .
Accordingly , the seminary establishment was no longer a civil structure managing only religious affairs , but instead developed into a unified , ideological party serving the interests of the regime .
In fact , the Kan administration -- which loathes the involvement of bureaucrats , who are professionals , in managing public affairs -- delayed notifying neighboring countries when it was forced to order the release of water containing low concentrations of radioactive material .
It emphasized the importance of sharing information about nuclear safety , and incorporated specific measures , including the creation of a framework for rapid notification in the event of an emergency and exchanges of experts to assist in managing future nuclear crises and ensuring that regional concerns are taken into account .
This organization , it appears , is now intended to play the central role in managing the export of missile and nuclear technologies to Iran .
Mismanaging Missile Defense Missile defense has suddenly emerged as a divisive issue in Europe .
In all , according to Nicholls , Tol , and Vafeidis , the total cost of managing this `` catastrophe '' -- if politicians do not dither and pursue smart , coordinated policies -- would be about $ 600 billion a year , or less than 1 % of global GDP .
Going further , the managing director of one newspaper claims that delaying political and constitutional reform as if it were a grant to citizens -- rather than their right -- would invite outside intervention in Egypt 's domestic affairs .
PRETORIA -- The two defining challenges of our time are managing climate change and overcoming world poverty .
As a result , we can no longer rely on conventional ways of managing risk that are based on the raw materials alone .
Likewise , in March 2007 , the British government 's top advisory body on science and technology warned that the country 's lead in nanotechnology is fading , because the government has not invested enough in research necessary for understanding and effectively managing possible health and environmental effects .
In his quest for authority , he drew on the Western ties that he had forged as a deputy-managing director of the International Monetary Fund .
These countries have been more hesitant in trade matters , more ambiguous in the instruments they have chosen for managing the crisis , and remain reluctant to deal with environmental issues .
With America less able to play the leading role in managing the world economy , in some ways responsibility has now shifted to the G-20 , with the US and China in the forefront , to set a course of collaboration and coordination , in word and in deed , that can guide global economic growth for the twenty-first century .
Until this structure emerges , let us hope that America can lead wisely and that other countries , particularly Asia 's new powers , will assume more meaningful responsibilities in managing global crises .
Rather than creating a uniform , predictable , and scientifically sound framework for effectively managing legitimate risks , the bio-safety protocol establishes an ill-defined global regulatory process that permits overly risk-averse , incompetent , or corrupt regulators to hide behind the precautionary principle in delaying or deferring approvals .
What makes this approach to managing diarrhea feasible is Ventria 's invention of a genetic-engineering method that uses rice to produce lactoferrin and lysozyme .
According to UN statistics , about 15 % of the world 's population lacks access to safe drinking water , and `` in 2008 , 2.6 billion people had no access to a hygienic toilet or latrine , '' while `` 1.1 billion were defecating in the open . '' Primitive approaches to managing sewage continue to spread infections such as schistosomiasis , trachoma , viral hepatitis , and cholera .
After all , managing for the short run encouraged mortgage lenders to offer artificially low `` teaser '' interest rates to lure potential homeowners .
But there is a risk that the interests of the remaining one-third of the world 's people -LRB- and the majority of the small countries -RRB- will not be adequately represented as the international architecture for managing the global economy evolves .
Battered by the Iraqi `` oil for food '' scandal , which , at the least , demonstrated mismanagement , and misdeeds by officials ranging from former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers -LRB- now High Commissioner for Refugees -RRB- , who faces allegations of sexual harassment , to rapes committed by UN peacekeeping troops in Congo , the UN has a chance to rehabilitate its reputation by managing the relief effort effectively .
These technological and ideological trends increased both the lethality and the difficulty of managing terrorism .
Both trends make managing terrorism more difficult .
Rather , it more likely represents another move in India 's age-old tradition of managing regional balances of power .
As president , he treated it as a source of patronage , replacing its top officials with political cronies who had little experience in managing emergencies .
Harry Truman was a modest orator , but compensated by attracting and ably managing a stellar set of advisers .
But any summons to a `` Bretton Woods II '' conference must be concrete in its content . A global system for prudential regulation and supervision ; a revamped IMF managing a global reserve currency , coordinating global macroeconomic policy , and providing agile credit lines ; and an international debt court -- all of these must be on the agenda .
Most proposals for managing e-waste fall into one of two major categories .
Ultimately , effective strategies for managing e-waste require the development of local infrastructures , aggressive coordination of community participation , and international regulations that encourage sustainable manufacturing practices without stifling innovation .
Without carefully managing tropical forests -- 90 % of which grow in developing nations that have pressure to clear the land for other economic purposes -- we can not meet our global targets for reduced carbon emissions .
As the months pass , both parties will probably find that they face their greatest political difficulty in managing the fringes of their own camps -- rightists in the Conservative Party , who do n't like the centrist moderation of the coalition 's policies , and leftists in the Liberal Democratic Party who do n't want to support a largely Conservative government .
Instead of talking a great game about democracy -- for which we would earn Arabs ' justified contempt -- we should offer with humility and generosity practical assistance in managing the change to more open societies .
First , we will still have to find better ways of managing the world 's economy , reducing its inequities , and coping with its environmental hazards .
Finally , instead of managing common challenges , as in 2009 , the G-20 members will need to manage their divergence .
It would be unfortunate if governments requiring financial institutions to be more prudent in managing risk were at the same time asked to turn a blind eye to sovereign risk .
The sources of uncertainty are many : tension between South and North Korea ; anxiety over nuclear proliferation posed by cooperation between North Korea and Iran ; managing the rise of China and India ; and continued Islamist extremism on the Indian sub-continent , particularly Pakistan , as well as in Southeast Asia , where Al-Qaeda has established a second front through Indonesia 's Jemaah Islamiyah .
Its efforts focus mainly on increasing banks ' mandatory reserve ratios while introducing administrative measures to deal with food price pressures , approving a couple of token interest-rate hikes , and managing a modest upward adjustment in the currency .
So he or she might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling , and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy -- setting up fiscal rules , for example , or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the Fund has been one of the few official agencies ahead of -- instead of behind -- the curve . It moved quickly to establish a fast-disbursing emergency line of credit for countries with `` reasonable '' policies .
Another piece of good news is that the Europeans have now given up their claim on naming the IMF 's managing director -LRB- as have the Americans their corresponding claim on the World Bank presidency -RRB- .
Under its capable managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , and distinguished chief economist , Olivier Blanchard , it has been a voice for sanity on global fiscal stimulus in the midst of much cacophony .
It is time to add managing the capital account to this list .
The super-flexible US economy keeps managing to produce more with less .
It would be even worse if European ministers , frustrated with gridlock over exchange rates , started sharing ideas for creatively managing their budgets to stimulate short-term demand , rather than long-term growth .
And , of course , there are more mundane but crucial uses of artificial intelligence everywhere , from managing the electronics and lighting in our homes to populating `` smart grids '' for water and electricity , helping monitor these and other systems to reduce waste .
Yet , with all of these exciting technologies , it is extremely difficult to strike a balance between managing `` tail risk '' -- a very small risk of a very large disaster -- and supporting innovation .
We must also redefine common threats , while strengthening the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe 's mechanisms for preventing , managing , and resolving conflicts .
In the `` bad bank '' model , the government has the additional problem of managing all the bad assets that it purchased -- a task for which it lacks expertise .
It can also resolve the problem of managing banks ' bad assets by reselling most of assets and deposits -- with a government guarantee -- to new private shareholders after a clean-up of the bad assets -LRB- as in the resolution of the Indy Mac bank failure -RRB- .
The carry trade during this period was primarily aimed at maximizing returns rather than managing risks .
Impoverished communities in Africa , the Middle East , and Asia are ripe for a `` green revolution , '' based on modern scientific techniques for managing soils , water , and seed varieties .
Its leaders should focus on one key issue : managing Nigeria 's oil revenues .
Paradoxically , the boldest course would be for the government to stop managing these revenues and turn over a large fraction of these funds directly to the people , as is done in the US state of Alaska and the Canadian province of Alberta .
It also indicates the dead-end to which the ideological politics of the US , Iran , and Saudi Arabia has led . Although the Doha agreement papers over serious political and institutional contradictions , it reinforces the emergence of a pragmatic approach toward managing the region 's crises .
With a March 14 victory , Hezbollah is more secure vis-à-vis Israeli attack or international isolation , can worry less about managing Lebanon 's economy and finances , and can maintain its alliance with Aoun without delivering him the Moon .
As many now acknowledge , the IMF should look beyond managing financial crises and start addressing non-cooperative economic behaviors -- notably in the monetary field .
And yet for decades we thought that the people who were managing those firms were much smarter than we were .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms .
As a result of acquiring a pan-European defense capacity , the Europeans are likely to play a more independent role than at present in managing intra-European security relations and carrying out global missions .
Moreover , it is not clear that the EIB can get further help from reinsurers in managing the risks it assumes by issuing such bonds because reinsurers do not yet see how they can fully hedge the risks involved .
The old tool for managing farmers ' risks is crop insurance , which responds directly to the failure of a crop .
Moreover , government can make our social insurance -LRB- a government institution that complements private insurance -RRB- more incentive-compatible and better at managing risks -- and not just the risks of the extreme losers -- by , say , launching inequality-indexation of the tax system .
Most companies are no better at managing or even recognizing the different kinds of economic risks that their workers face .
The underlying problem , though , is that both regulators and bankers continue to rely on mathematical models that promise more than they can deliver for managing financial risks .
So the fact that no agreement has been reached on Syria forces us to reflect on the future difficulties that we will face in managing global security .
But the criteria for judgment are clear : the new law must curb the practices that jeopardized the entire global economy , and reorient the financial system towards its proper tasks -- managing risk , allocating capital , providing credit -LRB- especially to small - and medium-sized enterprises -RRB- , and operating an efficient payments system .
Whether one agrees with the recent proposals made by Ann Krueger , the IMF 's deputy managing director , is not the issue : the fact is that the IMF now recognizes the potential conflict of interest , and has proposed alternative procedures that might deal with the problem .
The Irish government that encouraged reckless bank lending and the creation of a property bubble was , perhaps not surprisingly , no more adept in managing the economy after the crisis that it was before .
NEW YORK -- Sooner than expected , the International Monetary Fund will have a new managing director .
By gentlemen 's agreement among the majority shareholders -- the G-8 -- the managing director is to be a European , with Americans in the number two post and at the head of the World Bank .
The presumption was that the outcome of such a process almost surely would be a managing director from an emerging-market country .
Where the IMF 's next managing director will come down on this issue -- and on whether fiscal salvation is to be achieved through austerity , with costs borne by ordinary citizens , even as bankers get only a mild slap on the wrist -- is critically important , but hard to predict .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMF 's next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as France 's finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession .
Stanley Fischer 's looming departure as the IMF 's first deputy managing director marks the end of an era .
Indeed , many in the financial community have little understanding of the intricate workings of the macroeconomic system -- as evidenced by their frequent mistakes in managing it .
It appears that the selection of the new IMF managing director will be no more open than the last .
The problem with globalization today is precisely that a few may benefit and a majority may be worse off , unless government takes an active role in managing and shaping it .
? Second , natural resource prices are volatile , and managing this volatility is hard .
The costs of managing the Social Security system are far smaller than those likely to be associated with privatized accounts .
We ca n't know , but there is little doubt that those `` managing '' the economy receive more credit than they deserve , if sometimes less blame .
Today , as policymakers seek new paradigms for managing the economy in 2011 and beyond , a better understanding of these linkages will be essential to promoting economic growth and reducing the risk of crises .
Let me spell out what this means for three policy objectives : building a stronger and safer financial sector , achieving more balanced and more stable growth , and managing large and volatile capital flows .
In coming decades , a strong bilateral partnership will prove vital in managing the rise of China and promoting an Asian balance of power that is favorable to India , the United States , and Asia as a whole .
This corresponds to the view shared by many accession countries that such a narrow band would increase the risks in managing the run-up to adopting the euro .
Sweden 's Lessons for Managing Financial Crisis STOCKHOLM -- Although Sweden is a small country , its experiences managing its financial crisis of the early 1990 's may provide valuable lessons for others .
The opposition 's main campaign claim was a suggestion that the right is more competent than the left in managing the economy .
Finally , the authorities have subtly used the media to maintain consumer confidence by managing public criticism and thereby helping maintain popular trust in the government and the economy .
She surrounded herself with extremely well-informed advisers who specialized in such important issues as women 's critical role in the developing world in raising educational levels , managing population growth , containing environmental degradation , and building up microcredit economies .
Effective central banking is mostly a matter of managing expectations ; for it is expectations regarding future policy , rather than the current level of overnight rates , that mainly determines long-term rates , other asset prices , and the exchange rate - and hence spending and pricing decisions .
In the US , the Federal Reserve has paid much more attention to managing expectations , resulting in an effective monetary policy .
In practice , and especially when deflationary fears are already present , managing private_sector expectations demands considerable subtlety .
`` It 's natural that the state of global markets will have some kind of ripple effect , '' says Greg Kabance , managing director for Latin American structured finance at Fitch Ratings , the international credit ratings agency . `` But Latin American countries , from a credit standpoint , are a lot better off than they have ever been to withstand turbulence and weather global market problems . ''
Indeed , with the ratio of royals to commoners now at one to a thousand -LRB- compared to one to five million in the United Kingdom -RRB- , the challenge of managing princely privileges , salaries , and demand for jobs has never been more intense .
Moreover , responsibility for managing that potential instability extends far beyond the leadership in Pyongyang .
