The government of Romano Prodi , having managed against all the odds to get Italy into Europe 's monetary union , fell three months later .
Putin calls it `` managed pluralism . ''
Despite massive injections of funds and unprecedented security , insurgents have still managed to halt or reduce oil production and exports several times since the invasion .
Through innocuous-sounding government `` supervision '' and `` regulation '' -- and under the guidance of the major international financial institutions -- ruling elites managed to run entire sectors of the economy as personal fiefdoms .
Frei 's death implicates the repressive apparatus that Pinochet and Manuel Contreras , his `` right hand , '' managed in lockstep .
The first three -- free market reform , the rule of law , and a pragmatic foreign policy -- have been widely acclaimed , while the fourth -- `` managed democracy '' -- has been tolerated because it has brought political stability .
But `` managed democracy '' now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements .
After this spectacular Russian failure , however , Putin 's `` managed democracy '' looks anachronistic and faces the threat of a real democracy in its neighbor spreading to Russia .
The eurozone sovereign-debt crisis appears to have been the worst-managed financial crisis since Argentina 's default in 2001 .
Meanwhile , central bankers everywhere ask themselves : why keep ever-larger international reserves in two of the world 's most mismanaged currencies , the US dollar and the euro ?
In southern Ghana , for example , farmers have managed to reduce crop failures arising from rainfall variability and unpredictability by cultivating several drought-tolerant types of the same crop species .
Almost four years after it was first launched , neither of the parties has managed to muster the political will necessary to implement its primary provisions .
But Assad managed to emerge from Syria 's forced withdrawal from Lebanon in 2005 to become the broker without whom a Lebanese government could not be created and a president could not be elected .
Precisely when Israel managed to domesticate the Palestinian national movement by forcing it to abandon its revolutionary path in favor of state-building and economic development -- a reorientation undertaken by Zionism as well -- the Israelis decided to draw the Palestinians back to the fundamentals of the conflict .
Egypt has already managed to draw Hamas away from Syria into an inter-Palestinian reconciliation .
He managed to redress the balance of power with Israel and the United States by mobilizing the vast support that the Palestinian cause elicits in the international community .
With various feints and strategies , Malaysia has effectively managed the tensions between a secular , modernizing agenda and the Islamic faith that the Malays profess .
Some countries , like Hungary , have managed to sustain the quality of education , critical for long-term competitiveness .
Georgia has managed to reduce low-level corruption radically , through deep staff cuts , improved compensation to remaining government employees , and stiffer penalties for bribery .
As environmental lawyers Richard Webster and Julie LeMense argued in 2008 , `` the nuclear industry ... is like the financial industry was prior to the crisis '' that erupted that year . '' -LRB- T -RRB- here are many risks that are not being properly managed or regulated . ''
The surge in food and energy prices is a major emergency for many of these countries , and it needs to be managed carefully .
Both countries managed to reduce inflation gradually while maintaining economic growth .
Thus , the exchange-rate regime in Latin America today is one of actively managed floating .
Silvio Berlusconi 's government , together with a fiscally conscious opposition , managed to secure -- in only a few days -- parliamentary approval of a package of measures worth more than ¤ 50 billion , in order to restore market confidence in the soundness of Italy 's economic fundamentals .
In just a single decade , the EU managed to bring poorer , peripheral member states -- Greece , Portugal , Spain , and Ireland -- from 50 % to 90 % of the EU average in per capita income , creating a bigger market for companies from wealthier northern countries , and stemming migration from poorer southern economies .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
Widely unnoticed , Iraqi Sunni and Shia centralists have managed in the last couple of months to form a united parliamentary platform that leaves sectarian tensions behind .
Until now , no Arab society has managed to harmonize these opposing trends .
By contrast , the emerging-market countries , after a short slide , have managed to re-ignite their growth engines and are sailing full-speed ahead , racking up impressive growth rates .
In Europe , bickering between leaders revealed the lack of solidarity underpinning European ideals and gave full view to the persistence of national egoisms against which the European project had managed to define itself since the end of World War II .
No one has managed to speak to a victim of torture in Uzbekistan .
Lula will face a similar situation to that which confronted President Cardoso , whose Social Democratic Party -LRB- PSDB -RRB- managed over the course of eight years to push through legislation on the basis of party coalitions that looked highly unstable to outsiders .
How they are managed in the year ahead will determine not only Pakistan 's immediate future and long-term prospects , but also the security of its region and , indeed , much of the world .
They are managed by equally professional press handlers , masters of spin and the television sound bite .
Or that the national English team would be managed by an Italian ?
The Communist government managed to stay in power after Tiananmen not just through brute force .
Damaged Democracy New York -- Even before the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , decided to throttle what little legitimacy was left of Iran 's `` managed democracy , '' it was a peculiar system , indeed .
Communists always had a tendency to dismiss the differences between candidates in liberal democracies -LRB- let alone `` managed '' ones -RRB- . They were just different faces of the same rotten system .
They hoped that men who managed to accumulate so much personal wealth could do the same for their voters .
During the 1980 's , South Korea , the Philippines , and Taiwan managed to ditch their dictators , partly because they were utterly dependent on US arms and money .
Although the Dutch government is still managed mostly by mainstream , steady-as-you-go Christian Democrats , right-wing populism is growing .
Democrats have even managed to beat the Republicans on their own turf .
As with the other challenges posed by population growth , the issue is not whether the future can be managed , but whether it will be .
In the space of just 30 years , Berlusconi 's TV stations managed to impose this illusory portrait of success on Italian society .
The former cabaret singer who became one of the richest businessman in the world , has also managed to become Italy 's most powerful politician -- and one of the world 's most colorful .
Chávez baited Bush at almost every stop along the way , but the US leader evaded the provocations , and indeed , probably bested Chávez in the sense that an unpopular US president managed to dominate the agenda and take the battle of ideas directly to Latin American audiences , with whom the Venezuelans and the Cubans are in contact every day .
From there , scientists believed , the signals went on to the part of the brain 's cortex that managed body awareness , and somehow the cortex turned them into conscious experience .
Sometimes , well-off sections of low castes broke away to form new castes and managed to achieve higher ritual status .
Cuba 's internal system is one that Rivero managed to avoid annoying too much until March of this year .
More recently , in discussing the Bank 's 2004 report Making Services Work for Poor People , officials put Cuba among countries like Sri Lanka , Costa Rica , and China that `` managed to achieve a level of outcomes in health and education that are extremely favorable . ''
But then , in 1999 , Dorje staged a stunning escape to India via Nepal , attracting the world 's attention , but also deep suspicion because of the apparent ease with which he and his entourage managed to flee .
No other country has ever managed to assume such unchallenged riparian preeminence on a continent by controlling the headwaters of multiple international rivers and manipulating their cross-border flows .
China also managed to convince three nations to shift loyalty away from Taipei 's meager diplomatic corps during President Chen 's three years in office .
A third are damaged beyond repair , another third are hopelessly unprofitable , and the rest are a mismanaged assortment of plants , a few of which could potentially produce something of value , but only with proper management and incentives .
If we do not wish to be submerged in violence and authoritarian responses to it , international institutions must do for the modernizing world what the EU has managed to do for the postcommunist countries .
One is that a surprising number of populist leaders have managed to get themselves into power in recent years .
When it comes to the formation of governments , women have managed to break out of the prison of their traditional domains , such as education and social affairs .
The EU will , instead , need a large , managed immigration policy .
El Salvador , following the end of its civil war , managed to avoid reverting to conflict or becoming aid-dependent , owing mainly to its emphasis on efforts to reintegrate former combatants from both sides and other war-affected people into the national security forces , the political process , or economically productive activities .
All of these sources contributed to the flow of money into the US , which was thus enabled to invest much more than it had managed to save .
In America , for example , it is illegal to ship wine privately from California to Massachusetts because wine wholesalers in Massachusetts managed to have a Federal law established that protects their huge profit margins .
The setback to the fragile gains of recent years , particularly in Africa , threatens to return millions of people to the extreme poverty from which they had just managed to escape .
So a country that has managed to produce Carlos Slim , reckoned to be the second wealthiest man in the world , produces millions of others who scrape by on two dollars a day .
Uribe has even managed , despite being a US ally , to get the support of Cuba 's Fidel Castro , who appears to have abandoned his support for armed revolutionary struggle in Latin America , instead viewing success at the ballot box -- the PAD in Colombia , Hugo Chávez in Venezuela , and Evo Morales in Bolivia -- as the way forward .
Europe should have used its regulatory power and managed the conflict between systemic and competitive risk that all this emergency public funding was generating , but the competition watchdog 's contradictory request that companies receiving funding should reduce credit to their clients made this well nigh impossible .
China may resume a `` managed float '' of its exchange rate , particularly if the uncertainty of the overall post-crisis economic situation diminishes .
While some of the funds serve that purpose and must be held in the most liquid form , most of these large holdings are investment funds that will be managed to balance risk and return .
Fortunately , we managed to avoid economic collapse , thanks to support from the International Monetary Fund , while reducing the deficit by half .
Democracy has , of course , degenerated into what is sometimes called `` managed democracy . ''
Before too long , Russia 's `` managed '' -LRB- read : authoritarian -RRB- modernization will also have to allow for the rule of law and a functioning separation of powers , or the country will remain dependent on oil and gas prices and mired in a brutal struggle for power , influence , and money .
When the scale of the crisis became clear last year , many were certain that it would be managed badly .
But perhaps we should be grateful that it was managed at all .
There is pressure to re-write the history of this crisis by depicting effects as if they were causes , and to blame the governments that managed the crisis for starting it .
The lesson is that booms have to be managed adeptly , and that financiers have to be supervised in their pursuit of ever-higher returns .
Yet Putin managed simultaneously to celebrate his anti-Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of his local minions as a world leader .
These factors clearly played a role , but , overall , if a body of scientifically inclined people from the inner city had been involved in flood control and evacuation planning , the consequences of hurricane Katrina would certainly have been managed more effectively .
At the same time , relief efforts should be managed by a local science center that is known and trusted by those in danger .
Oceans belong to everyone except those near landmasses , which are managed in a similar manner to the country 's land-bound borders .
This situation would be disastrous if it could not be closely managed , because people would broadcast on top of one another .
The new Russia has transcended its Soviet identity and managed to put down uprisings in the post-Soviet space as far away as Tajikistan .
Many ill-managed public or semi-public enterprises only survive because they are saturated by state subsidies .
For example , the economic governance working group had agreed that monetary policy should be managed at Union level by an independent central bank , the ECB .
In fact , the allegedly Islamic party had skilfully managed to negotiate with an unrelenting US , consult with the Turkish military and President , and share all information with the public and parliament .
This depreciation would perhaps be justifiable had Nigeria managed to use easy money to narrow the gap between ordinary Nigerians ' standard of living and that of people living in Britain .
If internationally managed enriched-uranium or spent-fuel banks are established , countries could gain access to nuclear power but not come to control the material needed for bombs .
Many of these challenges are less problems to be solved than conditions to be managed .
Moreover , contemporary problems -- for example , thwarting the spread of materials and weapons of mass destruction , maintaining an open world economy , slowing climate change , and combating terrorism -- can not be managed , much less solved , by any single country .
Disease is not something that can be eliminated , but often it can be managed .
Food production has not only kept up with population growth but has managed somehow to outstrip it .
The inspectors even managed to falter when they stumbled across hard evidence of Iraqi cheating .
The fund will be managed with the utmost transparency , and in a way that will most benefit those in the affected regions .
Other large-scale financial commitments were made to Oman and Jordan , both Saudi allies that have managed to silence early whispers of mass protest .
Unmanaged rivers regularly overflow their banks and inundate villages during typhoon season , much as they did a thousand years ago .
How Obama manages calls from both the left and the right for more action could well shape the environment in which the process -- owned and managed by Arabs -- eventually unfolds .
We can stage round-table after round-table to discuss the importance of our relations with China , but if issues like Iran , Africa , or other trouble spots are not managed better , the West will inevitably consider China a security threat .
Community-based , volunteer-managed education campaigns covering 80 % of South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa would cost $ 798 million a year .
But the story did n't end when police officers managed to talk him down .
He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
But the weight give to the exchange rate is higher today in the US-China dispute , because , whereas Japan had a `` managed float '' exchange-rate regime in the 1980 's and 1990 's , the Chinese exercise much tighter control over the renminbi .
By contrast , in large part because of my father , I managed to complete high school , then medical school , and become a general practitioner .
Unlike most banknotes and coins , there is no picture of the state or its symbols -- no Caesar -- on the money managed by the European Central Bank .
Only one German bank , the notoriously mismanaged Hypo Real Estate , which had already required massive state help , failed .
That was why monetary policy could be managed with greater flexibility .
The really large currencies -- the dollar , the euro , and the yen -- were never managed explicitly or solely on this principle .
The trip is being carefully managed by both countries , and is being watched closely around the world , with good reason : Sino-Japanese relations over the past decade have been turbulent , to say the least .
They still remember the suffering of the Mao years , when China headed in the wrong direction -- and tried to do too much too quickly -- and they vividly recall how the Tiananmen protests brought the regime to its knees , and how urban labor unrest erupted when centrally managed state businesses were merged or closed down in the 1990 's .
Countries that ran significant current-account surpluses , built up large reserves , and fixed -LRB- or heavily managed -RRB- their exchange rates in order to support the first two objectives appeared to secure external stability .
In fact , currencies of surplus countries with heavily managed exchange rates have actually depreciated in real effective terms since the summer , creating inflationary pressure and frustrating global adjustment .
The failure of such a bank could be managed in a more orderly fashion by using a cross-border resolution authority .
On two fronts , Kaufman has -- against long odds -- actually managed to make substantial steps .
Until the Aliyev 's came along , only North Korea 's utterly loony Kim Il Sung managed to anoint his son atop a red throne .
This strong-willed monarch , while ruling the Russian empire autocratically , managed to bring stability and prosperity , allowing capitalism to take root .
Rosneft 's chairman , Igor Sechin , a former KGB agent in Angola , is also the main ideologue of Russia 's FSB-managed economy .
The Sechin-led Rosneft is in the same incompetently managed boat .
Moreover , Tymoshenko managed Ukraine 's crisis despite the tremendous and often irresponsible resistance of her political opponents , who frequently paralyzed the parliament when the government refused to accept populist proposals that would undermine efforts at financial stabilization .
Once he brings about truly modernizing reforms , people will supposedly follow willingly , forgetting centuries of serfdom , the dictatorship of the proletariat , the political chaos and economic free-fall of the 1990 's , and the decade of Putin 's managed democracy .
Much , then , depends on the Chinese , whose self-defeating regional diplomacy has managed to push a listless and defense-shy Japanese government into closer cooperation with the US on security matters , and has inspired South Korea to seek out strategic partnerships with other Asian powers , including India .
Two main issues must be managed -- one philosophical , the other structural -- in seeking to ameliorate the problems caused by China 's unconstrained rise .
Until 2009 , the Department of Finance and Accounting and the Secretarial Office in North Korea have been responsible for the export of missiles and missile technologies to Iran through the dummy companies managed by Office 99 .
During the presidential elections Mr. Andrzej Olechowski ran as an independent candidate . He had no party support , no big money , but he somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes , more than what the governing party achieved .
Malaysia 's Opposition Reborn In Malaysia 's recent elections , opposition parties managed their strongest showing since the country gained its independence from Britain in 1957 , cutting the ruling coalition 's parliamentary majority to below two-thirds .
Europe , America , and the wider world must see Putin 's so-called `` managed democracy '' in its true light , and must stand united against his neo-imperialist dreams .
The growing opposition to the US missile defense deployment is rooted in the way in which America has managed -- or rather mismanaged -- the presentation of its deployment plans .
If properly managed , the economic benefits will be significant both for the developing world -LRB- higher remittances , but also greater opportunities for learning and experience -RRB- and rich countries -LRB- a younger , dynamic , and often entrepreneurial workforce -RRB- .
France had to a large extent initiated both treaties , had managed to get them accepted by its European partners , but in the end vetoed its own undertakings .
Although Russia 's GDP is no bigger than that of Belgium and the Netherlands combined , and its military spending is a fraction of the EU 's , the Kremlin has consistently managed to get the better of the Union .
Last year , she managed to get electricity connected to her shack , and she invested her savings in a refrigerator to store food and drinks for resale .
As such , China and other countries are holding a depreciating asset that should be managed to serve domestic interests rather than those of the US .
For example , although in Peru corruption was pervasive elsewhere , government reforms that lowered tax rates managed to increase tax revenue from 8.4 % of GDP in 1991 to 12.3 % in 1998 , and increase the number of taxpayers from 895,000 in 1993 to 1,766,000 in 1999 .
In each case , the city has managed to protect itself from such large sea-level rises and thrive .
Since the attacks of September 2001 , the United States has managed to avoid further attacks on its land .
Unmanaged climate change would so transform the planet that by the end of this century hundreds of millions of people would need to move , probably leading to severe and extended conflict .
Nepal 's peace process has been truly indigenous : it has not been mediated or managed by any external party .
This translates into a solidarity network and a support mechanism that mitigates credit risk and encourages payment discipline . Credit repayment in well-managed micro-finance institutions is around 95 % . All studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs , but they are also quicker to meet their commitments .
The other major advantage of such regional groupings has been their ability to attract foreign direct investment . Since the early 1990 's , Mercosur has managed to mobilize 5.9 % of world FDI inflows .
First , the militant movement itself has no name , operating in a highly decentralized manner through small local cells that operate relatively independently -- what might be described as self-managed violence franchises .
Eight member states have managed to reduce the number of infringement cases taken against them by the Commission , but 17 have as many or more than they did this time last year .
If successful , they will impair the revival of a transparent , responsible , and vibrant securitization market -- a market that , if properly managed , can contribute meaningfully to sustainable , long-term economic growth .
After all , it was many of those same lobbyists who in the past managed to convince legislators to insert clauses and provisions that contributed so much to the lax standards that created the systemic risks for which taxpayers are now being forced to pay .
But even where the European Commission had the legislative tools and political mandate to impose sanctions -- for example , to punish non-compliance with the Stability and Growth Pact -- member states managed to avoid punishment by `` reforming '' the requirements .
On their dying day , Poland 's communists managed one last perversity , a final and unwitting act of utter self-humiliation .
Will Ukrainian society maintain its right to choose its representatives , or will a so-called `` managed democracy '' win out , with power transferred back and forth within small circles of oligarchic clans ?
Whereas Sarkozy has managed to impose himself on the right without the support of Jacques Chirac , the Socialist heavyweights can not fully convince themselves to come out behind Royal .
Barack Obama 's American Revolution For eight years , George W. Bush has managed to incarnate and reinforce all the prejudices and negative stereotypes the world has of the US .
You can ask for greater sacrifices and require greater patience from people whose trust and full support you have managed to gain .
Francois Mitterrand , by contrast , managed to assure the French only that they were not so bad , because he , Mitterrand , had served in the collaborationist Vichy regime of Marshal Pétain before joining the resistance .
Perhaps realizing that an entertained and distracted populace is less likely to complain about public policy , the Party has allowed entertainment programming to follow the Western model , lessening the need for micro-managed censorship .
Nearly every industrial sector that , according to the stimulus package , deserves direct and immediate government support is energy-intensive and polluting -LRB- cement and steel , for example -RRB- or heavily managed by the state sector , and therefore missing incentives to balance growth with environmental protection -LRB- as is the case with the oil industry -RRB- .
Indeed , throughout the euro 's first decade , Greece managed to keep within the SGP limits only once , in 2006 -LRB- and by a very narrow margin -RRB- .
Mugabe would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states -- the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years `` legitimate . ''
Now , however , it appears that the authorities wanted only a small , managed opening , on the assumption that they could control the outcome .
Doing so requires putting the right person in charge -- someone like Paul Hoffman , the American industrialist who managed the Marshall Plan more than half a century ago and , subsequently , headed the UN Development Program .
With the assistance of foreign donors , The Daily News acquired a new press and managed to keep publishing a first-rate newspaper .
It is encouraging to note that Burundi 's leaders have so far managed to integrate leaders from the opposition and rebel groups into the country 's political and military institutions without dismissing incumbents .
Suleman does not have a decent job , but she managed to invest in costly fertility treatments and could afford many expensive cosmetic surgeries .
However , some transnational issues are inherently multilateral and can not be managed without the help of other countries .
Perhaps the most important factor opening this divide was a widespread sense of déjà vu . Europe lived through severe terrorist episodes in the 1970s and 1980s , yet managed to overcome them with their democracies intact .
Terrorism -LRB- most Europeans think -RRB- is a nuisance to be managed , not a challenge requiring total change .
Marcos de Azambuja , former secretary-general of Brazil 's Foreign Ministry , agrees that international life can not be managed solely or primarily by vast assemblies of nearly 200 states with enormous disparities in their political and economic weight .
A century ago , Britain managed the rise of American power without conflict , but the world 's failure to manage the rise of German power led to two devastating world wars .
The rise of non-state actors also must be managed .
In Yugoslavia , the Slovenes , Serbs , and Croats managed to carve out independent republics in the early 1990 's , but the Muslims in Bosnia-Herzegovina were less successful .
Avoiding coercion , premature elections , and hypocritical rhetoric should not preclude a patient policy that relies on economic assistance , behind-the-scenes diplomacy , and multilateral approaches to aid the development of civil society , the rule of law , and well-managed elections .
Networks are not directed and controlled as much as they are managed and orchestrated .
Avoiding coercion , premature elections , and hypocritical rhetoric does not rule out a patient policy of economic assistance , quiet diplomacy , and multilateral efforts to support the development of civil society , the rule of law , and support for well-managed elections .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
A good part of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the ` Yes ' camp -LRB- though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % -RRB- . All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a ` Yes ' win .
In the past , Nigeria has always managed to weather its political tempests .
Buhari is also the party 's presidential candidate . The CPC won the majority of the seats in Katsina , but the PDP still managed to maintain its dominance of that volatile region 's politics .
Given that Europe managed to construct EMU , the Maastricht Treaty , and the stability and growth pact that underlines the euro , it should be relatively easy for euro-zone experts to help devise a system for judging G-7 type membership .
Money was stolen , not merely `` mismanaged . ''
As I strolled through Tiananmen Square , the paradox that struck me was that the very system of democratic capitalism that the West has so ardently believed in and advocated now seems to be failing us . At the same time , the kind of authoritarianism and state-managed economics that we have long impugned now seems to be serving China well .
But Humala 's detractors claim he took up arms to help the escape of Montesinos , who was already wanted by the law , but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards Galapagos on the day of the coup .
If properly managed , migration can enhance Europe 's cultural wealth and meet its labor-market needs , as fertility rates in the EU fall and its population ages .
Their legitimacy depends on their ability to deliver economic growth through state-managed capitalism .
Then they could converge with the more efficient and prudently managed economies , like Germany .
But if the Mediterranean Union is to achieve more than was managed in its first manifestation , a number of things will need to happen .
High prices and future discoveries will generate money flows so vast that , if properly managed , they could transform desperately poor parts of Africa into regions of prosperity .
But , although it reflected real differences between established EU members and the newcomers , it also managed to solidify the false impression that the EU 's new members share a similar identity and political agenda .
India 's willingness to spend when everyone else is attempting to sell and save entails risks that need to be carefully managed .
How could things have been managed differently ?
The problem is that far too many of Sarkozy 's decisions have proved purely symbolic , like the ill-fated Mediterranean Union ; badly conceived , such as judicial reform , which is opposed by virtually the entire legal profession ; or nakedly self-serving , like the administrative reform , which somehow managed to abolish only those departments and regional administrations controlled by the opposition Socialists .
The other factor is that France , like the rest of the world , suffers from an ill-managed form of globalization .
By contrast , countries like China and India , which avoided a surge of capital inflows , managed to maintain highly competitive domestic currencies , and thereby kept profitability and investment high .
For every authoritarian country that has managed to grow rapidly , there are several that have floundered .
Because Asian governments have tended to support their modern , tradable sectors to a greater extent , most Asian countries have managed to avoid this malady , and have done much better as a result .
Countries that managed to grow rapidly and reduce poverty also tended to become increasingly integrated into the world economy .
Democracies often deal with the problem of extracting commitments from future politicians by delegating decision-making to quasi-independent bodies managed by officials who are insulated from day-to-day politics .
Today , the question is no longer whether politics will become more populist and less internationalist ; it is whether the consequences of that shift can be managed without turning ugly .
I had managed to put aside some modest savings , which I freely lent him indefinitely at zero interest .
My hometown of Boston recently managed to spend an astounding $ 15 billion dollars to move a few highways underground .
While no one is quite certain how the government managed to estimate prices , given that there is virtually nothing for sale in the shops , most indicators suggest that Zimbabwe does have a good shot at breaking world records for inflation .
True , even as exports have collapsed , the government has managed to prop up growth with a huge spending and credit expansion .
There is also a risk that capital inflows to emerging markets will be mismanaged , thus fueling credit and asset bubbles .
In both countries , a narrow elite managed and manipulated the economy for their own benefit , but found it easy to win praise from the international financial institutions whenever they made gestures toward liberalization .
Everyone knew that Kadima would win and form a coalition with the moderate left Labor party , which managed a respectable second-place finish .
By and large , Asian emerging economies were more prudently managed during the past decade .
They hailed the strength of the US economy , bemoaned the alleged weaknesses of the European economy , and claimed that the Euro was mismanaged .
In Germany , the old Prussian elite successfully managed the country 's industrialization in the late nineteenth century , but was discredited by defeat in World War I. Nazism filled the ensuing vacuum , and a new equilibrium would be established only after World War II .
Indeed , no state run by a Communist Party has yet managed to reform itself sufficiently to modernize and develop successfully .
Through thick and thin , China has managed to maintain impressively high economic growth rates .
My friend managed to talk insistently to the three until eventually they left her and her son alone , only to pounce on a married couple that happened to be passing by .
For a few years we managed to circumvent that part of our brains that told us we could n't tickle ourselves to greater wealth .
Thailand 's public sector is historically plagued by frequent military coups , managed with rare exception by incompetent generals and civilians who rule with condescension towards the people who pay them to serve .
These Wall Street princes were smarter in one way , however : they managed to pocket a fortune while the rest of us are stuck with the mess they left behind .
As any seasoned banker knows , a well-managed bank should undertake internal `` stress tests '' regularly as a matter of good housekeeping .
Is it democracy with adjectives , such as `` managed '' democracy , `` illiberal '' democracy , or `` electoral '' democracy ?
Moreover , if unmanaged , risk destroys the prospect of economic growth .
Meanwhile , China , a country with more than ten times Mexico 's population , managed to grow spectacularly in this period .
Considering the huge risks that are not managed well , finance , even in the twenty-first century , is actually still rather primitive .
Japan could have insulated itself from a good deal of the effects of GDP fluctuations if it had managed this risk accordingly .
In Brazil , a movement to ban wild animals from circuses started after hungry lions managed to grab and devour a small boy .
In the past , jets flying into ash from volcanoes in the US , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Mexico have temporarily lost engine power , and in one case , dropped thousands of feet , although all managed to land safely .
Whereas the centrality of the state in human affairs is a modern , European development , traditional societies like India or Pakistan have always regarded the state as no more than a necessary evil , since large societies can not be managed on the old tribal basis .
Year after year , the US managed to sell its assets abroad and enjoy the high life at home .
The risk today is not imminent crisis , but rather that the capital flows arising from the global boom will not be well managed , leading to the buildup of vulnerabilities .
Most obviously in need of amendment is the view that minimally managed and regulated markets are both more stable and more dynamic than those subject to extensive government intervention .
Danish unions have managed to use such statutory individual rights to reduce the working hours of entire company workforces , and thus increase the number of permanent jobs .
During the three-decade-long Keynesian era , governments in the capitalist world managed and regulated their economies to maintain full employment and moderate business fluctuations .
Russia must be convinced that its resources will be far more valuable if they are opened to international investment , managed transparently , and operated according to the legal and commercial rules of the international trading system .
But overall , increasing responsiveness -- if clearly not in a democratic mode -- has managed to maintain the instability that does exist at a level and within a scope that marks a game of unwritten rules -- one of complainants confining their choler within understood bounds and of the government watchful over an ever-simmering stew .
The French state budget is chronically ill-managed , running deficits on par with Italy .
President Bush managed to convince the nation that Saddam Hussein had some connection with the suicide bombers of September 11 , and that he possessed weapons of mass destruction .
For 18 months after 9\/11 , he managed to suppress all dissent .
And the dollar could still remain the preferred reserve currency , provided it is prudently managed .
It is likely that China will shortly resume its pre-crisis policy of managed appreciation .
The old hybrid -- in which advanced countries operated with floating exchange rates and open capital accounts , while developing countries managed the exchange rate via capital controls and reserve accumulation as part their growth strategies -- worked as long as emerging markets ' systemic effects were relatively small .
To accommodate the needs of the emerging economies , as well as the interests of advanced countries , a new system will be needed , in which exchange rates are managed but adjusted according to criteria that balance domestic growth and global stability .
For the past two years , my colleagues and I on the Growth Commission have sought to learn how 13 developing countries managed to record growth rates averaging 7 % or more for 25 years or longer .
But openness brings risks , many unanticipated and most under-managed .
Relatively few economies -LRB- five to be precise , all in Asia : Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , and Singapore -RRB- successfully managed this transition while sustaining high growth rates .
Indeed , it is the ultimate irony that money is now flowing from poor and well-managed economies to the US , the source of the global problems .
It has long been recognized that those America 's banks that are too big to fail are also too big to be managed .
The US and other advanced industrial countries pushed globalization . But this crisis has shown that they have not managed globalization as well as they should have .
But that is precisely why a government-managed mortgage market is dangerous .
Europe has finally managed to come to the rescue of Greece and Ireland .
As unequal as America was before the Great Recession , the crisis , and the way it has been managed , has led to even greater income inequality , making a recovery all the more difficult . America is setting itself up for its own version of a Japanese-style malaise .
Crises need to be carefully managed .
The global financial crisis of 1997\/1998 - mismanaged by the IMF , largely at the direction of the US Treasury - led to an increased flow of steel imports .
Globalization , well and equitably managed , can benefit all countries .
But under globalization , as currently managed , many have not gained ; and some of the poorest have lost out .
This was a remarkable admission : through their transition policies , they had managed , in just a few years , to decrease the productive capacity of the world 's number two superpower by more than 40 % , a devastating outcome greater than that of any war !
Brazil 's monetary policy has been managed extraordinarily well by Arminio Fraga -LRB- my former student -RRB- , but behind him is a strong institution , with the analytic capacities of a first world Central Bank .
As an American , I looked on in envy as Brazil managed its way through a difficult situation .
Argentina seems set to join the long list of countries - Brazil , Korea , Russia , Thailand , and Indonesia - that managed devaluations without runaway inflation .
As a result of these failures , a global consensus has emerged that the global financial crisis was mismanaged and that reforms are needed in the global economic architecture .
The failed WTO meeting in Cancun of two weeks ago should serve as a warning : something is fundamentally wrong with how the global trading system is managed .
Today , there is a broad consensus that shock therapy , at least at the level of microeconomic reforms , failed , and that countries -LRB- Hungary , Poland , and Slovenia -RRB- that took the gradualist approach to privatization and the reconstruction of institutional infrastructure managed their transitions far better than those that tried to leapfrog into a laissez-faire economy .
The war on terrorism and in Iraq has distracted much of the world 's attention from the pressing issue of how globalization should be managed so that it benefits everyone .
The fault lies with how globalization has been managed - partly by countries , but most importantly , by the international community , including institutions like the World Bank , World Trade Organization , and the IMF , which are responsible for establishing the `` rules of the game . ''
The way that globalization has been managed , however , has eroded the ability of the state to play its proper role . At the root of this problem is the global political system - if such it can be called .
Confidence in the IMF was at an all time low . It had badly mismanaged the East Asian crisis , the Russian crisis , and the Brazilian crisis .
There is an important role for government in ensuring full employment - a role that the Bush administration has badly mismanaged .
Others will , of course , have to continue to bear the costs of the mistaken and mismanaged adventure in Iraq .
From a global point of view , the best use of these resources is to maintain the forests , which is even possible with managed cutting .
With confidence in Bush 's economic management almost as low as confidence in his management of the Iraq war , there is every reason to worry that should one of these crises emerge , it will not be well managed .
But I believe that globalization has enormous potential -- as long as it is properly managed .
America managed to pass off bad mortgages worth hundreds of billions of dollars to investors -LRB- including banks -RRB- around the world .
In South Korea , the IMF urged the sale of the country 's banks to American investors , even though Koreans had managed their own economy impressively for four decades , with higher growth , more stability , and without the systemic scandals that have marked US financial markets with such frequency .
For those who think that a well-managed globalization has the potential to benefit both developed and developing countries , and who believe in global social justice and the importance of democracy -LRB- and the vibrant middle class that supports it -RRB- , all of this is bad news .
The largest cost of this mismanaged war has been borne by Iraq .
Of the 40,000 survivors , perhaps 500 are still alive ; I tracked down and interviewed 40 of them -- ordinary people who were left behind or managed to reach the end , but with stories that are highly instructive .
But France managed to do even worse than its neighbors .
Investors , and the rest of us , would be much better off if these funds flowed to more productive companies , perhaps with an amount equivalent to what would be transferred to bankers ' bonuses redirected to well-managed charities .
NEW DELHI -- As stage-managed elections ratify the consequences of three decades of military rule in Burma , the perspective from its neighbor India may help explain why there is continued international acceptance of the country 's long-ruling junta .
Indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side -LRB- though this is changing -RRB- , but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers -- outstanding cricketers like the batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar , or the all-rounders Vinoo Mankad and Kapil Dev , who were considered to be among the world 's best players , even if the Indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won .
And , considering the rampant corruption that plagues our continent , it might take a century to see male soccer teams managed and funded sufficiently .
In addition , Rogozin is a pro-Putin politician , which is also very important to the bulk of voters , and he has managed to confirm this not only verbally , but also bureaucratically , by his work as the president 's special representative for Kaliningrad Oblast affairs .
For them , manufactured discontent in Ukraine 's Russian-speaking regions -- which have embraced a centrifugal tendency greater than in any other European democracy -- impels them toward the system of managed democracy found in Russia in order to protect their continued misrule .
After all , Ukraine managed to eliminate its nuclear weapons and reach accommodation over the Black Sea fleet without joining a private economic bloc with Russia .
And yet Argentina has managed to grow fast , doubling per capita income since 2002 .
For example , while Western representatives generally view Iran as an emerging threat , many Russians still insist that the Iranian regime remains a proliferation challenge that can be managed through non-BMD means such as diplomacy and limited international sanctions .
Meanwhile , the Czechs managed to elect a perfectly hung parliament .
Ibn Saud managed to conquer and unite the vast territory of the Arabian Peninsula , give it his family name , and alienate , divide , and control his cousins and brothers in order to establish a clear and undisputed line of succession through his sons .
For more than 60 years , the two groups have managed to live together in an acceptable manner , confronting with relative dignity the inferno of terrorism and the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza strip .
The main concern in this period of great uncertainty is whether the transition to a new paradigm can be managed without further destabilizing the international political-economic order .
Mogae managed to hold down inflation and attract foreign investment in order to diversify Botswana 's economy and make it less dependent on the extraction of diamonds , while simultaneously ensuring that more of the country 's mineral wealth was processed at home .
