If Pakistan 's history is any indicator , his decision to impose martial law may prove to be the proverbial straw that breaks the camel 's back .
Terrorists may also benefit by attacking a preoccupied army and political forces aligned with Musharraf .
In the event of sustained protests and potential violence , top military commanders may decide to send Musharraf home -- a decision that would not be unprecedented in Pakistan 's chronically turbulent history .
To the dismay of some democratic forces , Bhutto stayed the course even after Musharraf imposed emergency rule on November 3 and removed the country 's top judges to ensure his re-election .
American election-year politics may also be behind this assertion .
Musharraf may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis .
Unless this cause is fully understood , and its roots revealed across the region , this attack may prove to be the beginning of the unmaking of South Asia .
Clearly , this expansion of civil society 's operating arena may even turn into open opposition to Syria 's rulers .
In its way , All4Syria has provided an indirect conduit for dialogue between government and opposition , which may not have taken place otherwise .
Although he has opened Syria 's border to jihadists and has allowed Saddam 's supporters to operate freely there , that choice may not be entirely his .
In these cirumstances , neither Syria nor Iran seems capable of delivering anything but mayhem in Iraq .
The weight of one of the world 's longest-running conflicts is resting on their thin shoulders , crushing their childhood and inflicting psychological scars that may never heal .
Once again , Europe 's role may well prove decisive .
The decision on Kosovo may not imply the prospect of renewed large-scale conflict , but it does raise serious questions for Europe 's relations with Russia and the United States , as well as for stability throughout the Balkans .
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
But , by adopting such a stance , they thwart their own envoy and may well stimulate the violence they profess to abhor .
Yasir Arafat may be dead , but his Machiavellian strategies linger .
His decision to challenge Abbas means that the `` secular '' forces within the Palestinian movement may be divided at a time when rivals with a robust Islamic agenda -- principally Hamas and Islamic Jihad -- are challenging them .
How the Palestinians choose to respond to these changed circumstances may well determine whether or not they at last achieve an independent state .
So this moment may prove to be the Palestinians ' greatest opportunity .
Or , in the words of Abba Eban , it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity . How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements , which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza . Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel , or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks ?
If Fatah refuses to join a coalition , Hamas may opt for a government of independents and technocrats .
Immediately after the election , a senior Hamas official , Mahmoud al-Zahar , said that Hamas would maintain the cease-fire with Israel begun last February , if Israel did the same . Hamas may be signaling that it will not provoke Israel .
More generally , Egypt is concerned that Gaza is becoming politically radicalized and may be transformed into `` Hamastan . ''
One reason neighboring countries may take part in peace talks is that Egypt and Jordan fear that Hamas could begin actively to support these countries ' own Islamic opposition groups .
The connection between R&D and growth is too obvious to doubt that Europe 's sluggish economies are a direct result of European backwardness at innovation - and that this in turn may reflect the absence of critical military spending to drive investments in research and development .
The most plausible reason is that many now realize that they will live far longer than they anticipated -- often spending one-third of their lives in retirement -- but that the State may no longer deliver on its promises .
The proposed reforms may cost US taxpayers more than President Bush 's massive tax cut of 2001 , and one that implies a very significant redistribution from America 's young to its old .
Unfortunately , reacting to corrupt businessmen in this way sets in motion a vicious circle : more regulation may lead to even more corruption in order to avoid it ; higher taxes on wealth will bring about even more tax evasion , making the system even more tainted .
With political support for these changes still shaky , the risk is that opponents may use Parmalat , Enron , Vivendi , and other cases as an excuse to reverse the process .
The Parmalat scandal may have been a blow to global capitalism , but in Italy it is hoped that it might sound the death knell for an economic system traditionally based much more on `` connections '' amongst private groups - and between these groups and the public sector - than on competitive markets .
This , however , will not happen overnight , and in the meantime the demand for more regulation may result in a structure that is heavy , ineffective , and in the end impedes , rather than corrects , market forces .
The outcome may well be the demise of Ryanair .
Obviously , one may object that if the Commission lowers its guard on state aid once , then `` everything may go . ''
Not to worry : the European welfare state will remain more generous than the stingy American one , but it may become more manageable and less intrusive .
So there may be something in this `` cultural '' explanation .
They may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family -LRB- typically a man -RRB- , but they do influence the participation of women in the labor force .
So China 's democratic transition may be closer than anyone realizes .
Maybe they did , and maybe they did n't : one can not know , especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia .
To be sure , their mood may soon turn brighter : Chancellor Schröder is also preparing for re-election .
Inequality may be lower , perhaps , but poverty higher .
Finally , other rich country policies may be much more beneficial than aid .
Latin America 's rich and middle classes are particularly adept at shifting their wealth to tax havens at the slightest sign that tax collection may become tougher .
The parties involved can appeal to the European Court of Justice , but this takes time and a reversal of the Commission 's decision typically produces no more than a moral victory to one of the parties . The time of the merger may have come and gone , as was the case in the Airtours\/First Choice decision .
Indeed , it may prevent wider agreements from being negotiated .
Such agreements , which often dismantle not only tariffs but other regulatory barriers , may appear unassailable .
But Wallenberg 's name should make us even more dismayed about Annan 's record .
Now we see -- though the lifting of the Union 's arms embargo may now be delayed thanks to US pressure and Chinese aggressiveness -- that the European Union has become merely a tool for corruption when France and China draw up joint action plans .
As usual , it is up to America to protect a free nation that may otherwise be destroyed .
Now it may be European arms in the hands of the Chinese that will be aimed at American troops protecting a democracy with 23 million inhabitants -LRB- in other words , as many people as in all the Nordic countries combined -RRB- .
But Reinfeldt , like Jacques Chirac , has forgotten something . Liberal-minded people may very well prefer not just to exchange one cynical prime minister for another at the next election .
They may prefer a clear choice .
Two weeks ago , North Korea declared that in June it successfully reprocessed some 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods and now possesses `` nuclear deterrence , '' suggesting that Kim Jong Il 's regime may actually be making atomic bombs .
By contrast , unilaterally announcing the withdrawal - and then unilaterally implementing it - may harm the very purpose that the remaining US troops in Asia are intended to serve : assuring deterrence , stability , and nonproliferation in Korea and Asia .
South Koreans genuinely fear that the plan may weaken deterrence by sending North Korea - which is demanding a US military withdrawal while refusing to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions - the message that intransigence pays .
This proposal was discussed at last December 's European Council meeting and rejected , resulting in a reference to `` open-ended negotiations '' in the Council 's conclusions . That wording -- never used in previous enlargement rounds -- may have ruffled Turkey 's feathers , but it was finally accepted as the type of constructive ambiguity that is so often used in international diplomacy .
Erdogan 's insistent opening to Europe may be the key to how this all turns out .
This may give him room to distance himself somewhat from American policy .
But Singh certainly did not fool any of the terrorists , some of whom may have read his self-congratulation as a challenge for them to act .
People may have a taste for oranges or bananas , or a preference for enjoying life today instead of saving for the future .
But , while the number of killings may , indeed , have fallen , does that mean Iraq is really safer ?
Thus , one reason for the `` success '' claimed by supporters of the military surge may well be that sectarian cleansing in Baghdad has been hugely effective and is now nearly complete .
Whereas between 25 % and 40 % of Iraqis may require food assistance at any given time , this figure is much higher for displaced people , owing to their poor access to the public distribution system .
With the prospects of return continuing to deteriorate , prolonged displacement may well become permanent .
Should levels of displacement remain high , as appears likely , the humanitarian crisis may deepen further , especially because strained local resources have led some governorates to begin refusing to admit displaced people .
Estrada 's conviction gives Filipinos the clearest illustration of what the rule of law may bring to their society .
If the Estrada saga leads to a firm yet dignified exercise of justice , Filipinos may discover a taste for more of the same .
In early August , a journalist called the office of Moscow 's mayor , seeking comments on the situation . `` The office is closed , '' a woman at the press office answered , adding that smog had gotten inside the mayoral building , which is located less than two miles from the Kremlin , so everyone was ordered to go home .
Indeed , there are reports that the mayor 's press secretary has been telling journalists that there is no reason for the mayor to return to Moscow . `` Why should he ? '' said the secretary .
And yet Moscow 's mayor chose to remain on vacation outside the country .
Thankfully , comments coming from Luzhkov 's press office caused such a public outrage that the mayor cut short his holiday to return to the city .
But neither Luzhkov , nor whoever may replace him , must worry about voter approval , as the Kremlin appoints Moscow 's mayor , rather than allowing for free and fair elections -- a practice instituted a few years back by then-President Vladimir Putin for all such important positions across Russia .
The burning summer of 2010 may help Russians to understand that their very existence depends on whether the authorities can provide assistance in times of emergency .
Indeed , given state control of the mainstream media , such activism may be the only way to learn what citizens really think about their rulers .
Isolationist politicians may not care about other countries , but they should think twice lest they harm their own .
While there may be security reasons for any future US administration to oppose even a civilian nuclear program , American policymakers also recognize the strategic impact that nuclear energy will have in stabilizing the Iranian regime .
Or maybe they love Obiang 's money more than they love my nieces and nephews .
A contingent of roughly 2,500 troops from 22 countries went to the DRC in mid-2003 to support United Nations troops , and provided a rapid reaction force that snuffed out disorder in Kinshasa before it could erupt into full-blown mayhem .
Europe 's policy toward Africa may suffer shortcomings , but at least there is a policy , which is based on supporting African states and regional organizations like the African Union whenever practicable , necessary and , above all , requested .
Most Turks do n't want to see their country excluded from the West , but if the EU spurns them while speeding up entry for weaker candidates , Turkey may come to feel sufficiently strong and embittered to strike out on a new geo-political course .
For them , Europe may be too big to forge truly democratic institutions .
We may dislike it , but the EU is part of our system of government , like municipalities , regions , and nation-states .
But if the Union encroaches on your rights , access to a court may be closed because the Union happens to have no legal personality !
The draft constitutional document presented last week introduces small but significant changes that may empower Europe 's citizens to both identify with and criticize Europe .
The answer is `` not nearly enough , '' and the political price may be high at next summer 's European Parliament elections .
An Egyptian precedent would bring awareness and sobriety to an entire generation of lenders that is not accustomed to considering this type of risk , and that may even be unfamiliar with the doctrine of odious debt .
But if the financial system 's dykes collapse , we may be headed for a decade of severe deflation , rendering expansionary stimulus useless .
In fact , the global meltdown may turn out to be a blessing in disguise for industrial upgrading .
As surviving firms gain in size , Chinese businesses may exercise more bargaining power vis-à-vis the Chinese government and foreign firms .
Anxiety levels may have come down , in board rooms and stock markets , but the daily drama for survival continues . Indeed , for many people it has deepened , in the villages and streets of the world 's least-developed countries -- particularly in Africa .
Brazilian officials do have some reasons to boast that Latin America 's largest economy may be stronger than ever : macroeconomic indicators are healthier , solvency ratios have improved , and a mix of exports , investment , and domestic demand has been stimulating economic activity .
Our nation may be small , but our commitment to improving the well-being of this region is anything but .
We must choose between various good ideas , however difficult this may be .
I hope that spirit will spread far beyond San José , and that other regions will join us in recognizing that while our borders may define our territories , having the courage to reach across them defines our character -- and , ultimately , our future success or failure .
They may also see in Europe 's surge toward economic integration a model for themselves and an inducement to intensifying regional cooperation .
Depending on the course the nation takes , Chileans may in time reconcile themselves to their past .
Add to this centuries-old patriarchal traditions , 15-year-old post-war traumas , a 20-year economic crisis , and current Russian aggression , and you may begin to grasp what women in South Ossetia , Abkhazia , and Georgia are enduring these days .
Libya 's people may be more politically mature and sophisticated than many observers believe .
This may seem surprising .
In Libya , four scenarios may negatively affect prospects for democratization : civil\/tribal war , military rule , becoming `` stuck in transition , '' and partition .
But four decades of military-based dictatorship may be enough for Libyans , a majority of whom never really benefited from their country 's wealth or potential .
Egypt may follow .
His former chief political advisor has even accused him of using `` Stalinist measures . '' If Putin falls short of the high expectations in the upcoming parliamentary election , his fortunes in the March 14 , 2004 , presidential vote may be jeopardy .
Alas , Putin 's success may lead to his downfall .
Beating up on foreigners may boost his authoritarian rule , but this , too , has a price .
Therefore , they may improve economic efficiency .
The experience of the last decade suggests that a policy of engaging the Kremlin intensely while protecting fundamental Western interests may be the best way to proceed .
Syria , whose secular , militarized dictatorship most closely resembles the fallen regimes of Tunisia and Egypt , may not be next in line , but appears nonetheless to be approaching a tipping point .
In Syria , it seems inevitable that protest may soon crack the regime 's brittle political immobility .
Unless Syria 's rulers , like other leaders in the Arab world , begin to appreciate that freedom is a fundamental human right , even the most quiescent people 's patience may wear dangerously thin .
High food prices may have served as a trigger in North Africa , but the speed with which the protesters turned their attention to political reform caught everyone off guard .
Syria 's people may have no predilection for violence , but the birth of freedom , once witnessed , is not easily forgotten -- or trumped by state handouts and vacuous statements by a distant , self-isolated leadership .
A Global Green New Deal NAIROBI -- With unemployment soaring , bankruptcies climbing , and stock markets in free-fall , it may at first glance seem sensible to ditch the fight against climate change and put environmental investments on hold .
Others may be unsure about the potential returns from investing in ecosystem services such as forest carbon storage or in renewable energy for the 80 % of Africans who have no access to electricity .
Still others may simply be unaware of how to precisely follow suit .
So the lessons learned from the Montreal Protocol may have wider significance .
NAIROBI -- If you happen to be a salamander known as the Iranian Kaiser spotted newt , chances are that things may be looking up .
During the 2010 elections in Tamaulipas , a candidate for governor and another one for mayor were assassinated , presumably by `` organized crime . ''
It was Syrian agents who assassinated Lebanon 's President-elect Beshir Gemayel in 1982 .
The Europeans , let alone the Russians , may demure .
But they are far from being a monolithic group : enmity , jealously , anger over the past brutalities and injustices visited upon many of their kin may make some generals and colonels open to suggestions of a coup .
The senior German minister listened attentively , and then said : `` This is an issue with which we in Germany are familiar ; may I ask my German colleagues in the audience to raise their hand if they , or their families , have been refugees from Eastern Europe ? ''
America 's mounting difficulties in setting up a coherent form of government in Iraq , let alone a democratic one , inspire a question that most statesmen consider unthinkable : is it possible that there is no way to re-constitute Iraq as one state , and that alternative options must be considered , unpalatable as they may appear ?
Yugoslavia 's example shows that in multi-ethnic and multi-religious countries deeply riven by conflict , partition and separation may be the only way to ensure stability and democratization .
All this may run contrary to conventional wisdom , but who thought that the USSR would disintegrate ?
Creative and innovative thinking is needed about Iraq ; otherwise today 's mayhem will continue -- and worsen .
No imposed constitution , however elegant it may be , will be very helpful to Coalition forces when confronted with the type of mayhem seen in towns like Fallujah or Najjaf .
Such a referendum may also concentrate minds among the Arab Sunnis and Shia in Iraq , when they come to realize that it is their violence that is dismantling Iraq .
Perhaps they may decide that violence is counter-productive and carries its own penalties , and may then follow the Kurdish example of curbing violence , which would help put Iraq together again without recourse to permanent repression .
While Iraq - an attempt to import democracy by force - is failing , the paradoxical conditions of an Arab democracy under Israeli occupation may be a threat that Arab rulers have not yet comprehended .
In a region full of paradoxes , the Hamas victory may have added another one : usually , when extremists on one side become stronger , it plays into the hands of extremists on the other side , producing a dangerous spiral effect .
In this case , however , the victory of the extremist Hamas may strengthen not the extremists of Likud , but , surprisingly , the more moderate centrists of Kadima .
The current violence may escalate further , and could bring down the Hamas government .
Olmert , who stepped into Ariel Sharon 's shoes as leader of the new Kadima Party , was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian -- and later mayor of Jerusalem -- who was known more for his polemical style than for his political stature or gravitas .
Precisely because Israelis are aware of the constant security threat facing their country , they have always believed that their leaders should be able to lead Israel in war -- but also to ask the military tough questions when diplomacy may fail .
In fact , Olmert 's weak and discredited government may yet survive .
Many who want Olmert to go would still not welcome a Netanyahu comeback , which may also explain what appears to be an indirect endorsement of Olmert by the United States .
President Mahmoud Abbas 's failure to convene the Palestinian Legislative Assembly , due to a Hamas boycott , may lead inexorably to the final breakdown of the political structures created under the Oslo Accords .
Likewise , in 1982 , during the invasion of Lebanon , Israeli troops were about to enter Muslim West Beirut after Syrian agents assassinated the pro-Israeli Lebanese President-elect Bashir Gemayel .
Absent local political will , and when confronted with a peace-making project that may take years to complete , the US is virtually powerless .
No national conflict has ever been solved by outside powers , however well intentioned they may be .
As Blair recently put it , such a bottom-up process may even go hand-in-hand with Netanyahu 's goal of an `` economic peace , '' though it would eventually have to go beyond it .
If carefully crafted , it may even be implicitly accepted , albeit without much enthusiasm , by the Israeli government .
It may or may not fly , but it is arrestingly novel : if negotiations fail -- so Fayyad says -- sometime in 2011 the Palestinians should declare independence unilaterally .
This may be a real game changer .
Fayyad is the first Palestinian leader who did not emerge from the Fatah movement , and he may thus understand what other Palestinian leaders failed to comprehend , mired as they were in a toxic combination of self-righteous ideology and violence .
It may just be that the Palestinians are on the verge of a new chapter in their history -- and in the history of Israel and the whole region as well .
Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva may have stepped on a hornets ' nest , owing to his unfamiliarity with regional policies and his general anti-Yanqui sentiments .
Turkey now finds itself , through its alliance with Iran and support for Hamas , rushing headlong into a series of conflicts -- with Europe , the US , Israel , and moderate Arab regimes that have survived Iranian Shia fundamentalism but may now feel threatened by a neo-Ottoman Sunni foreign policy .
And , while Mitchell 's successful track record in achieving reconciliation in Northern Ireland seemed like an excellent credential for his current job , it may have hindered him in the Middle East .
With more than 600 Palestinians killed in Gaza since Hamas 's violent putsch , making peace among the Palestinians may be as difficult as making peace between them and Israel .
It may be difficult to know , especially as the fundamentalist Hamas , now in control of Gaza , might be encouraged by the rising power of its parent organization in Egypt .
Skepticism is in order also with respect to the unknown consequences of Western military intervention in Libya : it may have been asked for by the Arab League and legitimized by the UN Security Council , yet the outcome is far from certain .
It may be incorrect to call Turkey 's behavior `` neo-Ottoman , '' but some neighboring countries , after expecting a mediator and facilitator , may now feel faced by a possible bully .
And , while Turkey 's agreement to host NATO anti-missile radar facilities , and its recent seizure of a Syrian-registered arms ship , may please the West , here , too , its policies are focused on `` hard '' military power .
The peaceful vote in Montenegro last weekend may presage conflict and difficult decisions about independence , but chances are strong that the parties will settle these matters by talking rather than fighting .
But the decision may have life-and-death ramifications for Serbia 's future .
As well-founded as the Court 's reasoning may be , a feeling of unease persists .
It should consider developing appropriate liquidity instruments to give confidence to emerging market economies that may be affected by a crisis beyond their control , rather than forcing them to build up ever-larger reserves or resort to regional arrangements for self-insurance .
-LRB- However , if the crisis follows reforms , populist politicians may win by blaming the reforms , instead of their incomplete nature , as in Argentina . -RRB-
Nobody has ever accomplished this , but ITER may be able to try around 2030 -- that is , if it solves the previous problem .
This may be the most concise statement of what makes Europe Europe .
You may doubt socialism , but you can not doubt `` advanced productive forces . ''
You may not believe in Marxism , but you must believe in `` advanced culture . ''
Change may be coming to much of the Middle East .
Though his ties to jihadists may be expedient rather than ideological , they are deeply worrying .
The fate of the country may not hinge on Saleh , a crafty veteran who knows that his career is over .
But his son Ahmad , who is less politically astute , may yet seek to settle accounts with al-Ahmar .
If Saleh leaves peacefully and represses the urge to unleash the last remaining loyal army units against protesters and defecting soldiers , the country can avert Libya-like mayhem .
Conflicts have already erupted between TNC members as well as between members of the military leadership . Bolstered by his high profile as Justice Minister , Jalil has emerged as an interim leader . But once the TNC makes the transition toward becoming an elected body , the more charismatic CT Director Mahmoud Jibril and the astute council spokesman Abdul Hafiz Ghoga may emerge as the rebels ' true leaders .
This may be because mosques and Islamic associations find it difficult to compete with the promises of solace available through the Internet , where voices can address political issues , feed off injustices around the world , and launch calls to arms that can ultimately be murderous .
Never mind the inconvenient truth that the acts may be theologically impermissible ; the ends justify the means , and there really is no alternative .
Some may look to unpopular and unjust foreign adventures in Iraq as examples of the futility of lawful political action .
Part of the answer may lie with corrupt local officials .
Higher-level leaders may have taken up the case against Karma -- persuading their counterparts in Xinjiang to resurrect the old antiques case -- because he had used his connections in Beijing to complain about the treatment of his brothers by officials in Tibet .
If it is true , the case against Karma suggests that officials stationed in Tibetan areas may be gaining more power , able to reach out beyond their jurisdictions to pursue what appear to be little more than personal grievances .
Other Tibetans may conclude that China 's government has relegated governance of their region to local satraps who have their own interests to pursue .
By 2050 , it is estimated that there will be nine billion people on earth , so the need for food may double -- primarily among urban populations in the world 's poorest countries .
This does not mean that protectionism is the way forward , only that taking account of specific issues that affect international farm trade -- weather , price volatility , or health risks -- may be necessary from time to time .
This is a sizeable commitment , but it may not be enough -- more needs to be done to increase agricultural production , to free up the potential of trade to address food insecurity , and to deal with the increasing impact of climate change on agriculture .
But such loans can be of great value to sophisticated firms and households that may have good reason to believe that their future earnings will be higher than their current earnings .
The risk created by many of the regulatory measures under consideration in today 's crisis-scarred world is that they may end up over-regulating our markets to the point of blocking the emergence of valuable new products .
It may take nothing less than revolution -- ideally peaceful , of course -- to replace the elites who now dominate these economies and societies , and for whom growth is not the central objective .
Substitution of paracetamol for aspirin , researchers proposed , may have led to an enhanced allergic immune response , thereby increasing susceptibility to asthma and other allergic disorders .
These studies led to the suggestion that the use of paracetamol may represent an important risk factor in the development of asthma .
This suggests that the potential effect of paracetamol is not restricted to the airways and may affect a number of organ systems .
The authors emphasised that causality could not be established from a retrospective study of this design due to the numerous potential biases that may confound the association . For example , it is known that viral respiratory tract infections in infancy such as respiratory syncytial virus -LRB- RSV -RRB- are associated with an increased risk of asthma in later childhood and that paracetamol use for such episodes could have caused confounding in the study .
On the contrary , they suggest that suppressing fever may occasionally produce harmful effects , and conclude that widespread use of drugs to reduce fever should not be encouraged .
Paracetamol also remains the preferred drug to relieve pain or fever in children or adults with asthma , because aspirin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may provoke attacks of asthma in susceptible people with this condition .
Moreover , in countries that have many controlled firms , close attention should be paid to related-party transactions and to the taking of corporate opportunities -- the main ways in which value may be diverted from minority investors in such firms .
Countries that are more developed , and have political systems that are more accountable to voters and less vulnerable to corporate lobbying , may lead to better corporate governance and investor protection rules .
But , while such judicial scrutiny may be effective in eliminating some egregious cases , it can not ensure that raters do the right thing when courts are not expected to be able to tell after the fact what the right thing was .
Regulatory encouragement may be helpful , perhaps even necessary .
The interests of directors , executives , and dominant shareholders with respect to such decisions may often diverge significantly from those of public investors .
Furthermore , when such divergence of interest exists , using the corporation 's funds to support political causes that the corporation 's public investors do not favor -- or even oppose -- may well impose on them costs that exceed the monetary amounts spent .
Independent directors should have an important oversight role , as they do on other sensitive issues that may involve a divergence of interest between insiders and public investors .
Shareholders may have different views from those of corporate insiders not only with respect to the amount of political spending , but also with respect to how that spending is targeted .
For example , shareholders could direct that the corporation may not spend funds for certain types of political purposes , or that it must follow certain principles in allocating whatever budget is authorized .
As far as equity-based compensation is concerned , executives should not be allowed to cash out options and shares given to them for a period of , say , five years after the time of `` vesting '' -- that is , the point at which the options and shares have been `` earned '' and may not be taken away from the executive .
Such patterns may raise concerns among shareholders that pay structures are not well designed to serve their interests .
But pay in financial firms also raises a second important source of concern : even if compensation structures are designed in the interests of shareholders , they may produce incentives for excessive risk-taking that are socially undesirable .
As a result , even if corporate governance problems in financial firms are fully addressed , a government role in regulating their compensation structures may still be warranted .
But pay regulation can improve matters without micro-management by setting general standards from which firms may not deviate but that still leave them with significant freedom to account for the individual circumstances of managers .
In addition , depending on their relationship with their own investors , some institutional investors -LRB- for example , mutual fund managers -RRB- may capture only a limited fraction of the increase in value of their portfolios as a result of governance reforms .
And even those institutional investors that are not affiliated with publicly traded companies may have an interest in getting business from such companies , making these institutional investors reluctant to push for reforms that corporate insiders oppose .
When citizens become so outraged that their voting decisions may be affected by politicians ' failure to improve investor protection , public demand for governance reform can overcome the power of vested interests .
Still , our evidence indicates that , on average , a high CEO pay slice may signal governance problems that might not otherwise be readily visible .
Yet the costs may outweigh the benefits .
As a result , however , China is slowly consuming itself , and no major part of China may remain pristine .
As if this was not enough , Western governments and businesses should ponder what kind of offers may come from Russian sources , private or public , for distressed banks and companies .
The `` official '' Confucianism being revived today may be less dangerous -- it emphasizes social harmony , meaning the peaceful resolution of conflicts -- but it remains a conservative morality .
Bashar may lack his father 's acumen , but he , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
This alliance was so vital an objective for Sadat that one may rightly wonder what came first in his strategy .
Though only a miniature version of America 's imperial predicament , Britain 's current policy , as its new prime minister , Gordon Brown , is defining it , may anticipate the direction taken by the next American president .
While the decision by some in favor of dynastic succession may be lacking in democracy , it is not entirely devoid of merit .
Likewise , Libya 's Muammar Khaddafi may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam .
It may be , as President Mubarak 's critics argue , that the faltering progress of democratization reflects the attempt to block all potential challengers to Gamal .
On the rubble of Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship , the Americans helped create in Iraq the first Shia-dominated Arab state , which may well become subservient to Iran 's regional ambitions -- a calamity of historic dimensions for America 's Sunni allies .
Bush discovered to his dismay that any exercise in Arab democracy is bound to usher in anti-Western Islamists , be it the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , Shia parties in Iraq , or Hamas in Palestine .
Moreover , Israel has failed to redress a dangerous imbalance : however creative its economy may be , the burden of military expenditure is undermining its investment in education and scientific research .
Indeed , the regime has hinted that it may be willing to compromise on the issue -- the delineation of the 1967 border along a tiny piece of land on the Eastern shore of the Sea of Galilee -- that wrecked the negotiations eight years ago .
Nor are the other peace tracks -- Lebanon , Syria , and maybe also Iran -- doomed to permanent failure .
However isolated within the Arab family the Syrians may be , and however embattled their Iranian allies are , the two countries hold the keys to Middle East stability .
Obama may soon learn that his timetable for withdrawal from Iraq is unrealistic .
Its new doctrine of `` brutal response '' when attacked from lands from which it has withdrawn -- as happened in Lebanon and Gaza -- might be reprehensible , and it may even doom the country to international opprobrium .
Turkey 's powerful military establishment may want to maintain close relations with Israel , but the widely popular change in Turkey 's foreign policy priorities , and the serious identity dilemmas facing the nation , send an unequivocal message that the alliance can no longer serve as an alternative to peace with the Arab world .
Inter-state combat may still occur where strategic front lines can be found , such as Israel 's border with Syria , India 's border with Pakistan , and the border dividing the two Koreas .
Indeed , as Justice Richard Goldstone himself was dismayed to discover , the Human Rights Council chose to censure Israel exclusively while not even bothering to mention Hamas , which Goldstone explicitly accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
The Lebanese front may ignite if Hezbollah seeks to avenge Mughniyah 's death , or simply as a result of a knee-jerk reaction to a provocation , as in 2006 .
Such compromises may be the only way to stem the slide to civil war , and possibly also co-opt the Islamists into a settlement with Israel and a rapprochement to the West .
However obsessed international opinion may be with Gaza 's agony , to most Israelis the Palestinian `` problem '' seems to be happening on the dark side of the moon .
Yet , no matter how enamored of the `` international community '' they may be , the Palestinians might not be happy with a plan that comes from a US-led international alliance .
So , no matter how conditioned the Egyptian army may be by its worldview and vested interests , it has no option but to facilitate the democratization process .
Thus , the idea that `` Y '' might turn out to be a latter-day `` X '' -- defining the nature of America 's international role in the twenty-first century -- may not be far-fetched .
By freeing Gilad Shalit , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may have finally become a leader who can take difficult decisions .
Moreover , no matter how critical the moderate Arabs may be of the Hamas coup in Gaza , the Arab leaders can not afford the domestic fallout of shunning Hamas .
If Abbas is to prevail , it will not be through `` gestures '' or a process focusing on `` institution building , '' however important these may be .
As time passes , a concept without real commitment in the field may eventually raise suspicions about its relevance .
Even if an individual decides to affirm a very conservative version of a tradition , this decision may , at least in principle , be revoked at some future time .
From the standpoint of their compatibility with modern liberal democracy , acceptance of pluralism , more than adherence to particular beliefs and practices , may be what most clearly distinguishes religions .
Responses to the challenge of global pluralism will take different forms in different parts of the Orthodox world . There may be efforts to re-establish something like the traditional sinfonia , as in Russia ; embrace of `` Eurosecularity , '' as in Greece , Cyprus , and other countries entering the EU 's orbit -LRB- Romania and Bulgaria sooner , Armenia and Georgia later -RRB- ; or moves toward voluntary association , as in the US .
Addressing the European problem may help us find solutions to the global challenge .
Everyone should see it ; not only for its dramatization of the past , but for insights into current events , especially the controversy surrounding America 's plans to establish National Missile Defense and the various regional disputes -- India and Pakistan , Taiwan and China , North and South Korea -- that may one day escalate into nuclear conflict .
Cornering an opponent without keeping open diplomatic channels that allow you to understand his situation may prove fatal ;
With nuclear proliferation , that risk may one day become real .
Americans may differ about what policy should have been pursued in Iraq , but they know that their country can not run from its role as a world leader responsible for developments in North Korea , the Middle East , Pakistan\/India , Taiwan , and elsewhere .
Building an ontology encapsulating the world 's knowledge may be an immense task , requiring an effort comparable to compiling a large encyclopedia and the expertise to build it , but it is feasible .
It may do so to some degree , but not nearly as much as if the treaty 's architects had done more to separate constitutional matters , such as the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the competences of Union bodies and member states , from the stuff of everyday politics , like agricultural and fisheries policies or the technicalities of judicial cooperation in civil and criminal matters .
The recent collective sense across Europe of the urgency of being able to speak with one voice in external affairs may provide the next breeze , and enough glue , to keep the enterprise afloat .
Why not postpone enlargement , they ask , until some of the states demanding to join Nato have gained EU membership , where elements of their security concerns may be met ?
International covenants , the Bush Administration conveyed , are maybe all right for lesser powers - but they are an unacceptable restriction on the freedom of action of the world 's only superpower .
So there may be a case for re-examining the Geneva Convention just as there is for looking afresh at the project to establish a permanent international criminal court .
But , however welcome the return to cordiality may be , it is no more than that .
The prospect is uncertain enough as it stands that Bush may be spared the need to veto it .
She may even want to confirm that message by making her first official trip abroad not to Paris but to Warsaw or Vilnius .
And the `` security fence , '' which was to allow for unilateral separation , may hold back suicide bombers but not modern missiles of the kind currently employed by Hezbollah .
Most important , they would forego what may be the last chance to promote a consensual peace .
True , such talks will be difficult , and they may not succeed .
Of course , some countries , not least the US , would oppose making such a reversal in Israeli policy a condition of creating an international force and consensus in NATO , the EU , or the UN may not be found or , if it were to emerge , Israel might simply refuse to abide .
But , even in the US , policy-setting officials , such as Thomas Hoenig , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City , express concern that inflation expectations may become unanchored , owing to the massive expansion of government debt and the Fed 's balance sheet since the financial crash in 2008 .
Myth 2 : `` Free trade may increase economic prosperity , but it is bad for the working class . ''
Indeed , in Book II of The Wealth of Nations , Smith condemned as unproductive the labors of `` churchmen , lawyers , physicians , men of letters of all kinds ; players , buffoons , musicians , opera-singers , opera-dancers , etc. '' We may agree with Smith -LRB- and Shakespeare -RRB- about the uselessness of lawyers perhaps , but surely not about Olivier , Falstaff , and Pavarotti .
Yet the crisis may be tilting Western policy outcomes in favor of globalization .
So the current crisis may thus , accidentally , establish a pro-globalization consensus that spans East and West .
Pressure to reduce costs in the recent downturn may have accelerated the movement of jobs to low-wage locations , but this accounts for only 15-35 % of the decline in employment since the downturn began .
More effective use of counter-cyclical policies may have subsequently smoothed out the economic cycle , but this can not explain why productivity and incomes also grew more rapidly than in the 19th century .
Inventions from 1850 to 1900 may well overshadow those of the entire 20th century , but they were the result of a few inventors , such as Thomas Edison , who satisfied a small wealthy clientele .
Bankers , who may really be worried about their own bonuses , warn that higher capital requirements will force them to curtail lending , thus impeding economic growth .
Indeed , some policies aimed at achieving cohesion may well reduce it .
Restriction on firing employees , for example , may protect people who have jobs , but often at the expense of the unemployed , thus increasing social exclusion .
Even where high levels of social transfers actually do reduce inequality -LRB- and therefore presumably increase cohesion -RRB- , they may undermine inter-communal relations if ethnic minorities are perceived as being strong net beneficiaries .
To be sure , change creates discomfort , and may even cause tension and conflict .
Freedom House concluded earlier this year that , since Yanukovich came to power in 2010 , Ukraine `` has become less democratic and , if current trends are left unchecked , may head down a path toward autocracy and kleptocracy . '' But its assessment also noted that `` political and cultural diversity is a bulwark against any one force dominating political space throughout the country . ''
On the contrary , they may be harmful , leading to an increased risk of mortality in people consuming them .
People exposed to increased oxidative stress may have elevated antioxidant requirements .
Meanwhile , in the short term , low energy lighting and efficient industrial motors may sound obvious , but we are nowhere near using them as extensively as we could .
But this does not make governments ' political task much easier , because the benefits are diffuse : consumers paying less for airline tickets may not attribute it to deregulation .
One may reasonably worry that the available funds will be depleted before the crisis is over .
This prospect literally gives me the shivers . Not only may the future be less radiant , but the adjustments that will be required once reality sets in could set off a nastier recession and a more persistent slowing of the economy than anything predicted today .
The limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter : trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move to emerging countries , or else to go bankrupt .
Oil prices are coming down from their highs during the Iraq war and , under plausible scenarios , may be heading for a greater fall .
This may be fiscally irresponsible -LRB- together with the tax cuts put in place for the future , it surely is irresponsible -RRB- , but in the short run , it provides an enormous boost to demand .
The Euro 's appreciation may well be the tipping factor that triggers deflation .
This is not preordained ; many fundamentals in Europe are right , and a simple change in mood may spur recovery .
Although these criticisms do n't seem to bother the electorate very much , Park 's path to victory may yet prove narrower than her supporters expect .
BUENOS AIRES -- Today 's global currency war resembles real war in two important respects : a face-off over the structural imbalances between two large opponents -- China and the United States -- has forced uncomfortable smaller allies to take one side or the other , and third parties that may not be directly engaged are suffering collateral damage from both sides of the dispute .
Moreover , global deleveraging is asymmetric , with Latin American economies growing fast and advanced markets lagging -- all of which may call for a real exchange-rate correction and thus justify revaluation of the region 's major currencies .
Increasing capital inflows weigh heavily on import-substituting and export sectors , and may even wipe them out if the appreciation is substantive and protracted .
Some economies may sustain collateral damage from both sides of the war , because , in addition to the pressure coming from excess dollar liquidity , they may be confronted with tougher competition -LRB- domestically and in third markets -RRB- from China , so long as the renminbi remains quasi-pegged to the dollar .
Unfortunately , the standoff on global policy coordination during the recent International Monetary Fund\/World Bank meetings may be a demonstration of the limits of multilateral surveillance and international coordination .
But even this may not be enough to cover the cost .
This strategy may have prevented the dramatic fall in popularity experienced by other governments in the middle of the Great Recession , but sooner or later will backfire .
Yet the findings may be useful to lawmakers even today -- for example , in assigning priorities among several plausible initiatives , or in identifying new possibilities for policy interventions that deserve further study .
Someday , perhaps , public officials may even use the research to inform their decisions .
The Tragedy of Zidane Those who the gods may destroy , they grant their wishes .
Zinedine Zidane may be pondering that bit of ancient Greek wisdom today .
If she can strengthen her program on foreign policy , she may yet open a new chapter in French political history .
But the Iraq war 's domestic impact -- the Pentagon 's ever mushrooming budget and its long-term influence on the US economy -- may turn out to be its most lasting consequence .
The US economy is probably in recession , clouds are gathering over its pension and health-care systems , and its military budget may not make sense even in strategic terms .
Although this may seem mundane outside France , Sarkozy 's foreign policy revolution has incited fierce opposition at home .
But , although Sarkozy may not have sold his party on the merits of George Bush 's America , he has softened its once habitual suspicions about the US .
Yet other countries remain stubbornly outside this emerging democratic order , and some democracies may be moving toward authoritarianism .
Years of studies , and the passionate pleas of patients worldwide , are finally opening the way to a technique -- somatic cell nuclear transfer , also known as `` therapeutic cloning '' -- that may bring about epochal changes for the health of us all .
The European Parliament 's new stance may , I hope , mark the beginning of a radical policy shift by all actors involved in rebuilding Afghanistan .
Many do n't want to abandon the deep roots they have in their home regions ; others do n't want to move to another country , where language and culture may be obstacles .
On balance , that may even make membership more appealing for non-members such as Denmark and Poland .
The economy falls to the bottom of a well , and then , as soon as it begins to climb itself out , the recession is declared `` over , '' even though it may be a long climb back to the top .
The future of the eurozone may be cloudy , but it will not be dull .
More rapid resolution may be necessary to prevent zombie banks from infecting the financial system .
President George W. Bush spent years and billions of dollars pushing a hydrogen car . It got nowhere , and , while hydrogen may eventually become commercially viable for stationery sources , its use for transportation must still overcome some serious obstacles -LRB- including flammability and combustibility that is an order of magnitude greater than that of gasoline -RRB- .
Oregon physicians may write a prescription for a lethal substance on the explicit request of a terminally ill patient , provided they can confirm the fatal prognosis , the patient 's decision-making capacity , and have informed the patient about any feasible alternative such as hospice care or pain-control options .
In a sense , critics of the EU are right : the Union may be on a quest to reshape the world in its image .
In a world of fair play , the flip side of rule making is compliance , and compliance may require enforcement , through economic sanctions and other non-military measures .
As long as moderates keep their heads , a new Netherlands may be born out of the terrible events of the past weeks .
At the same time , native Europeans must learn to accept that Islam may offer new vantage points on such moral issues as euthanasia , abortion , individuality , and solidarity .
Today 's laws , however , allow only universities and industry , which supply basic knowledge and technology , to profit from their contributions ; patients , who supply tissue , may not be compensated .
Finally , why should tissue donors be entitled to compensation , as they or their progeny may benefit in the long run from the technological advances to which they contribute ?
It may be unwise , though , because the knowledge and applications over which they retain control may have implications for other diseases .
Benefit-sharing may be fair in that it includes giving special assistance to research participants , such as access to medical care or to new treatments stemming from the research , but it may be unfair in failing to define the recipients of such benefits .
In addition , the model bears an arbitrary element , as the sharing of benefits is not subject to control by the donors of tissue , much less to democratic control , and may prove self-serving for universities and industry .
While universities and industry may be wary of taxation , they might prefer a tissue tax over endless negotiations with countless tissue donors over the sharing of uncertain future benefits .
Indeed , with Shiite-Sunni violence already intensifying , the Iraqi government may not be able to maintain even the appearance of effectiveness for very long .
Some Shia may turn to militia leaders , Sunnis to insurgents , and Kurds to leaders demanding independence .
In sum , the Iraqi government may appear effective for much of 2006 , but it will be committed to trying to serve the competing interests of sharply divided constituencies .
But as China 's leaders begin final preparations for the Games next August , they may be wondering if hosting the event was such a good idea after all .
Amid bitter election-year debates over Iraq and Iran , and a souring economic outlook , Americans may be in no mood for the triumphalist pageantry of a new rising power on display in Beijing .
But , while both of these positive trends are likely to continue , a third positive factor may not prove as durable .
The country 's National Election Tribunal , having overturned the outcomes of several provincial elections , may well annul the results of last year 's presidential race , forcing him to run for president all over again .
The resulting political firestorm may well force Zuma to rely on core support from key allies within the country 's trade union movement and Communist Party , challenging the political elite 's pro-market consensus and provoking debate over the future of South Africa 's economic policy .
For foreign investors , the greatest near-term concern may be a broad range of attacks from parliament and some of Yar ` Adua 's economic advisors on Charles Soludo , the central bank governor , who is widely credited for Nigeria 's improved economic performance in the past several years .
A favorite of the West , Soludo may not survive the year .
But there are plenty of unanswered questions about his kidney condition and rumors that he may even have Churg-Strauss Syndrome , a life-threatening autoimmune disease .
The true state of his health may matter less than public fears that he 's hiding something .
An ambitious goal , which may or may not be achieved .
And , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown agrees with Obama that the world 's leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can , Bank of England Governor Mervyn King has warned that Britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus .
Today , the right wants tax cuts and the left , now reconstituting itself , may push for higher spending .
Given internal conflict over taxes and spending , maybe Germany , not Greece , will become the euro zone 's first country to see a government fall .
Voters may prefer Lopez Obrador , but they value Mexico 's stability above all .
Many in the media may not comprehend that yet . But markets do .
Though Mexico 's election saga may continue to make headlines , its true significance is that it reveals just how politically sturdy a place Mexico has become .
There are price freezes on certain subsidized goods and services , and rising inflation makes these subsidies even more expensive for the government . Indeed , the government indicates that it may begin rationing gasoline .
Whatever critics at home and abroad may think , the `` surge '' that President Bush is planning for Iraq is more than a troop increase ; it is a new and high-risk regional strategy .
As long as the Chinese talk tough and the US remains willing to negotiate , the agreement may hold .
This may have satisfied nationalist feelings in the Netherlands , as the country is 1.5 times the size of Belgium , but it did not go down well in Belgium .
Belgium thus looks like the only place where Habré 's victims may get their day in court .
Although this perception may convince at first glance , it is ultimately based on generalizations that reveal more about its advocates than the actual reality on the ground .
Alarmist rhetoric may , in the end , jeopardize rather than protect the status quo in the region .
By leaving Pinchuk off this list , Yushchenko may be hinting that he wants a truce with Ukraine 's most powerful magnate should he become president .
That proposal has no chance of success in Ukraine 's parliament . Yushchenko sought to circumvent parliament by way of a national referendum , but Ukraine 's Constitutional court has ruled that only parliament may determine how constitutional reform is to occur .
In response to this , Tariq Alhomayed , a Saudi who is editor-in-chief of the newspaper Al-Sharq al-Awsat , describes Hamas as Iran 's tool , and argues that `` Iran is a real threat to Arab security . ''
Launching losing wars may make Islamists feel good , but being defeated is a costly proposition , for their arrogance and belligerence antagonizes many who might otherwise be won over to their cause .
This also means that at some point a big decision may have to be made on attacking Iran 's nuclear facilities .
An increasingly uncompetitive civilian industry , the burden of military commitments overseas , wage stagnation : all signal that the American titan may be wearying .
This may not be extraordinary in old democratic communities ; but in our authoritarian environment , it was strikingly new .
If his administration increases the fiscal surplus through expenditure cuts or new taxes , this may reassure international capital markets .
They may form the least bad option if he does not want Brazil to go the way of Argentina .
The strategy may work over the short term in winning export orders for British firms from India .
The difference between today and the periods that preceded other Pakistani coups is that an active civil society , an unconstrained electronic and print media , and an assertive judiciary may be able to keep the military in the barracks and force the politicians onto the right track .
But talk of regime change may have prompted Musharraf to re-enter politics .
While there may be some element of truth in this , Musharraf appears not to have learned the lesson of his final year in office .
Moreover , a trade agreement with Afghanistan that allows Afghan goods to cross Pakistan en route to India may be one step towards an improvement of economic relations with that large and rapidly growing neighbor .
While a functioning democratic system and a vibrant media may have provided outlets for people to vent their frustration with the state of the economy and the quality of governance , the political elite now recognizes that many ingredients in the Pakistani situation were present in those Middle Eastern countries where street politics have reached the boiling point .
Bin Laden was killed in an operation that did not involve Pakistani forces , but that may -LRB- or may not -RRB- have involved the country 's intelligence community .
Nevertheless , Maazel may have a point .
It may not topple the dictatorship , but it will offer some solace to those who are forced to live in it .
It was Brozo the Clown who exposed a major corruption scandal in the office of a former Mexico City mayor .
Here is one case where a bit more vulgar showbiz may be exactly what democracy requires .
Nevertheless , there may be cultural differences in understanding how compassion should be applied .
Be that as it may , nation-states were often formed in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries to promote common interests that transcended cultural , ethnic , linguistic , or religious differences .
What was needed was a bloody-minded romantic hero , willing to gamble the fate of his nation by fighting on , `` whatever the cost may be , '' in the words of Winston Churchill .
The first option may not be feasible for very much longer in the twilight days of Pax America .
Voters for the far right may be motivated less by ideology than by anxieties and resentments that are felt in many European countries , including ones with no Nazi tradition , such as The Netherlands and Denmark .
Still , the illusion was nice while it lasted , and Obamamania may contain an element of nostalgia , as well as hope .
But the main reason for Obamamania may be more complex .
Europeans -- and others -- may regard China 's rise with awe , and hope to find a modus vivendi with Russia , but without the hopes inspired by that extraordinary republic , which represents the worst and the best of our battered Western world , we would all be much worse off .
In China , and other remaining areas of Asian authoritarianism , it has become customary , even among some self-professed `` liberals , '' to argue that democracy may be fine for Europeans and Americans , but is unsuited to Asian conditions .
A liberal-democratic China may not come soon , but after Charter 08 no one can deny that many Chinese desperately want it .
Bishop Williamson 's ideas may be loathsome , but criminal prosecution against a man for his views about history is probably a bad idea .
It is true that Tibetans , sparsely represented in local government , may not have benefited as much as the Han Chinese , whose presence in cities , such as Lhasa , as soldiers , traders , and prostitutes is so overwhelming that people worry about the extinction of Tibetan culture , except as an official tourist attraction .
History may never repeat itself precisely , but certain patterns can be discerned .
There may have been a more important consequence .
The victorious DPJ may not immediately set off any political fireworks .
One may or may not agree with Kouchner 's policies , but his motives are surely impeccable .
The fact that many prominent Jewish intellectuals in Europe and the United States -- often , like Kouchner , with a leftist past -- are sympathetic to the idea of using American armed force to further the cause of human rights and democracy in the world , may derive from the same wellspring .
Defending Israel against its Islamic enemies may indeed be a factor in the existential alarmism that underlies the present `` war on terror . ''
The explanation of this mysterious trust may lie elsewhere .
Among Jews and other minorities , another historical memory may also play a part : the protection of the imperial state .
Polanski was not innocent , but he , too , may have fallen victim to the same combination of a judge 's desire to bring down a famous man and a sensation-starved media .
The way it looks now , liberals , in the `` progressive '' American sense of the word , may actually have been among the losers of 1989 .
Their promotion of American military force as the strong arm of democracy may have been misguided , crude , arrogant , ignorant , naïve , and deeply dangerous , but it was indisputably idealistic .
This may be the wiser course in many cases , but it is hardly inspiring .
He has some modest ideals , and may yet be an excellent president .
The real problem of traditional elites may not be too much power , but too little .
So let the games begin , and may the best team win .
The vacuum was filled in Italy by the rise of Silvio Berlusconi , which may have been less of a good thing .
For the first time in almost 200 years , China can really throw its weight around , and it will do what it wants , regardless of what other countries may think .
But this may not be the best explanation for China 's behavior .
In fact , the reason may be just the opposite : a sense among China 's rulers of weakness at home .
But nationalism may not be a political constant .
He may be expecting too much .
And Obama has made his support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia .
There may be things that Western powers can do to alleviate the suffering , by offering aid to refugees , for example , or use the latest technology to keep lines of information open .
But some utterances may get lost in translation .
Even though systems of government may have certain traditional components , Japan 's problems are systemic , not cultural .
This aristocratic tradition of standing above the narrow strains of ethnic nationalism may be the best argument to hang on to royalty a little longer .
And they need encouragement , for Erdo?an 's Islamists may be democratic , but the secularists , on the whole , are more liberal .
As for women in Muslim countries , there may not be much that people in the West can do to improve their lot .
Pandering to Israel 's uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for America 's Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year .
This may not have served the rough justice demanded by the furies , but it established the rule of law , which civilized Athens .
Vlaams Belang , the Flemish nationalist party , may not be the biggest party in Belgium , but it has done well in local elections .
While historical discussion wo n't be out of bounds in Spain , even banning ceremonies celebrating bygone days may go a step too far .
But even if extreme caution is sometimes understandable , it may not be wise , as a matter of general principle , to ban abhorrent or simply cranky views of the past .
But a society where the elite 's pursuit of money is elevated above all other human endeavors is a far cry from any kind of Confucianism that may have existed in the past .
It may be a Faustian bargain -- prosperity in exchange for political obedience -- but so far it has worked .
Indeed , so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the Roman Catholic Church 's pontiff during World War II that the current pope , Benedict XVI , recently announced that he may postpone Pius 's beatification until the Vatican 's archives for the war years are opened and examined .
In a balanced society , health care may not always be the top priority .
Slower technological progress may seem a high price to pay for sustainable health care .
The geo-political interests of Europe and America have been drawing apart , and may well continue to do so , no matter who is president .
It may be careful not to alienate America , but it will struggle to build a collaborative relationship with its regional neighbors .
Of course , America 's definitions of its role in the world may change .
This brings us to the second , less obvious lesson from Argentina 's experience , namely that privatizing Social Security at a time when the government 's fiscal credibility is suspect may give rise to favoritism toward pension funds and , as a result , impose burdensome -LRB- and unjustified -RRB- fiscal costs .
In sum , privatizing Social Security under conditions of weak government credibility may lead to actions that betray the fundamental principles on which such a pension reform are based and unduly increase the fiscal burden .
In practice , these proposals are likely to remove pension funds from the list of large investors in high-risk domestic securities -LRB- including public debt -RRB- , which may partially impair the development of the local capital market .
Even if that is the case , the costs of letting pension funds bet on high-risk securities may ultimately be far greater .
NEW YORK -- The conventional wisdom that sub-Saharan Africa has moved beyond military coups may be wishful thinking .
Successful coups legitimated by popular support -LRB- or at least acquiescence -RRB- and oiled with promises to `` restore democracy '' may become infectious , encouraging copycats in neighboring states where governments are also weak or failing .
Yet a peaceful democratic transition may actually happen .
The international community has limited leverage , and sanctions may have a greater negative impact on the population than on the coup-makers .
Nevertheless , successful coups may encourage the military to move in other , larger countries .
Many feared that the example of the coup in Niger could encourage Nigeria 's military to move at the height of the country 's crisis in executive authority over President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's prolonged absence . In fact , rumors of coup plotting in Nigeria prompted military officers to restrict the movements of soldiers , and may have spurred the political elite to reach the consensus that installed Goodluck Jonathan as acting president .
Third , a flipside of the emergence of new middle classes in many emerging markets is that domestic absorption -LRB- consumption and investment -RRB- in developing countries as a whole may rise relative to their own production potential .
Finally , resource-intensive developing countries may benefit from strong projected relative demand for commodities in the medium term .
As long as appropriate governance and revenue-administration mechanisms are put in place -- particularly to avoid rent-seeking behavior -- natural-resource availability may turn out to be a blessing rather than a curse for these countries .
It is now increasingly recognized that significant asset-price increases -LRB- for example , in real estate or existing equities -RRB- may well be reinforced by the pro-cyclical nature of risk assessment embodied in those rules .
If asset-price bubbles develop , balance sheets may look sound individually , but the entire network of interlinked asset-liability structures will become increasingly dependent on overvalued collateral , and thus vulnerable to financial contagion .
Given modern financial systems ' demonstrated ability to create -LRB- and destroy -RRB- liquidity endogenously -- via financial innovation and global mobility -- financial and macroeconomic stability may become more difficult to achieve if monetary instruments and macroprudential tools are not used in a consistent manner .
Indeed , the drive to eradicate polio , as the Tajikistan tragedy shows , may be putting the entire world at risk .
Indeed , it may be that the framework for a state that can preside over a true democracy has yet to be created .
The same may be said about the market economy .
As the political scientist Samuel Huntington has said , `` Business may bring communities closer but it can not bring them into harmony . ''
But they may also be waiting for the first external shock to puncture the Chavez balloon before they pounce .
Thus , Chavez is portrayed as a return to the Latin American populist heresy , a heresy that must be resisted because it affects not only the country with the largest oil reserves outside the Middle East , but also because it may tempt the rest of Latin America down that road .
In the end these may not be the rules he envisions today , but neither are they a spent force .
In that recognition may lay the political support needed for serious reform to take place .
One reason for this positive attitude may be connected with the apostolic assignment the Pope has reserved for the Polish Church .
It may do so again .
El Salvador 's Democratic Test Back in his radical days , Ken Livingstone , the former mayor of London , famously quipped that if voting changed anything , they would abolish it .
Confronted with daunting obstacles and a disloyal opposition , Funes may well decide to cater to FMLN hard-liners and pursue his reform agenda with no patience for democratic checks and balances , as other leftist leaders in Latin America , such as Ecuador 's Rafael Correa and Bolivia 's Evo Morales , have done .
While accepting the project 's impeccable legal credentials , its opponents nevertheless demand that it be relocated on the grounds that even fully lawful conduct may be offensive to a group of citizens .
But , as any member of a historically persecuted community -- from gays to Jews to Roma -- can attest , social intolerance may curtail civil rights as much as any law .
The policies that resulted from these decisions may or may not be necessary for America 's long-term security interests , but it is undeniable that they have fueled a backlash in the Muslim world which has , on occasion , reared its head in murderous ways .
India may or may not be the world 's next economic wonder ; but it will have to solve its age-old problems , as well as its new ones , if it is going to be a good place to live for the vast majority of its citizens .
If a United Nations-backed settlement is not reached by early December , the province 's majority Albanian population is likely to declare independence unilaterally -- a move that the United States has announced it may support .
Moreover , independence would not be accepted by the Serbian public , which has already watched in dismay as `` Great Serbia '' has been gradually whittled away , most recently with the secession of Montenegro .
Instead , Moreno-Ocampo 's request may have negative political repercussions by creating much disarray in international relations .
It may harden the Sudanese government 's position , endanger the survival of the peace-keeping forces in Darfur , and even induce al-Bashir to take revenge by stopping or making even more difficult the flow of international humanitarian assistance to the two million displaced persons in Darfur .
By sending its troops to South Ossetia , Georgia no doubt was politically reckless , but it did not breach any international rule , however nominal its sovereignty may be .
Plainly , by itself the law may not be able to offer the right solution in such a complex and dangerous situation .
It may be trendy for an Italian politician to flaunt his Mediterranean macho image , but that image becomes hard to stomach when the prime minister launches a campaign to eradicate street prostitution , with possible jail sentences for clients , while sleeping with paid escorts .
Such rumors may well turn out to be true , for the heart of the scandal now concerns the taped conversations between a paid escort and Berlusconi during their romps in his Sardinian villa on the big bed given to him by his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin .
Complete estrangement from the US in Latin America will not only harm hemispheric relations , but may discredit broader ideas that are closely associated with the US .
He may not have won by more than a percentage point and his 36 % of the vote is hardly a mandate .
Without the reforms , the country will continue to plod along and , no matter how intensely people may feel about it , real change will remain impossible .
Instead , López Obrador , a former Mexico City mayor , and his supporters demanded a vote-by-vote recount , which is not mandated -- though it is not proscribed -- by the country 's electoral laws .
But , just as former US Vice-President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Uribe in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
But , just as former US Vice-President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Uribe in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
Since the Democrats ' victory will most likely depend on these states , the Democratic candidate who can square this circle , or the Republican who can break it , may well win the presidency .
Farewell to the Revolution ? `` The FARC are finished , no matter how many men and weapons they may still have . ''
However hasty these judgments may end up being , it certainly seems that the region 's oldest and last political-military organization is , at long last , on the brink of defeat .
He may well have opted for a minor tactical `` correction , '' only to wait to fight another day .
And this occurred thanks to skillful United Nations involvement , led by Alvaro de Soto ; the talent of sophisticated FMLN leaders like Villalobos and chief negotiator Salvador Samayoa ; strong pressure from the US and its point-man , Bernard Aronson ; and Salvadoran President Alfredo Christiani 's undeniable courage and vision .
Realpolitik and fear of another exodus of Cuban refugees across the Florida Straits may tempt the US to pursue a `` Chinese '' or `` Vietnamese '' solution to Cuba : normalizing diplomatic relations in exchange for economic reform , while leaving the question of internal political change until later .
Holding free and fair elections may not be the primary issue , but nor are they issues that should be shelved in the interests of stability and expediency .
Some of these `` lefts '' are in power ; some , as in Mexico in its last , disputed presidential election , barely missed conquering it , but may still do so .
If the US and Latin America can face up to the challenges of trade and immigration together , the next US president may leave a weightier mark on the hemispheric relationship than any American leader in three generations .
If that connection proves faulty , it will not work , and Mexicans may question the point of a `` war '' that has more than doubled the number of gangland executions , from 2,000 in 2006 to 5,000 in 2008 , when their children , statistically at least , are not in harm 's way .
He may be right , but the alternative is no military makeover , and no likelihood of winning a war that perhaps should not have been declared in the first place .
But we realistic optimists are no longer holding our breath : we may be disappointed , once again .
The FMLN 's most reform-minded , democratic , modern , and brilliant leaders -- Facundo Guardado , Joaquin Villalobos , Salvador Samayoa , Ana Guadalupe Martinez , and Ferman Cienfuegos -- have all left the party .
Chávez helped the FMLN by giving free or cheap oil to its mayors in many parts of the country , and probably -LRB- though it has not been proven -RRB- by channeling funds , if only in small quantities , to the party 's electoral coffers .
A third factor that weighs in the balance in analyzing what sort of government the FMLN may deliver is the economic crisis that is battering Latin America .
But the most important consequence of the FMLN 's victory may lie in its effect on the rest of Central America and Mexico .
In principle , IDB membership requires OAS membership , and therein may lie the reason why Cuba insisted so strongly on returning , and why it was ultimately disappointed in not obtaining unconditional re-admission .
They will not do so any time soon , on any issue that may spring up , if it means confrontation with the ALBA countries .
This may not be ideal , but it is better than prolonging a fight that can not be won .
It may also give way to a president in Bogota who advocates a tougher line with Chávez than Uribe did .
Given all of this , as well as Chávez 's penchant for spectacular antics and the Cubans ' skill in taking the diplomatic offensive , the ALBA countries may be preparing some major Latin American mischief .
Santos may be less willing to avoid confrontation , if only because the personal antipathy between the two leaders is immense .
So , while Latin America may continue to weather the global economic storm rather well , the region 's diplomatic peace and quiet is deceptive .
Perhaps the reports were somewhat naïve in omitting any reference to the many rumors in Brazil regarding widespread corruption in relation to the contract -LRB- of course , US diplomats may have mentioned these issues elsewhere -RRB- .
Increasingly , it is being filled by the US Embassy in Mexico City , staffed by first-rate diplomats who may be biting off more than they can chew .
MEXICO CITY -- US President Barack Obama 's current swing through Latin America will probably be short on substance , long on rhetorical flourishes and symbolism , and may include a few announcements affecting American business in the region .
In the international arena , the new president , Dilma Roussef , has pulled back from Luiz Inácio Lula Da Silva 's many excesses -LRB- indifference to human rights abuses , support for Iran and its nuclear program , and rhetorical anti-Americanism -RRB- during his last year in office , and may even have a present for Obama .
Brazil has been mulling whom to pick to renew its Air Force 's fighter fleet , and , whereas Lula favored France , Roussel canceled that option and may be leaning toward the US .
One area is freeing itself from US hegemony and is thriving , but may founder if Chinese and Indian growth slows .
Humans , unlike other creatures , may also desire more of everything .
But if an influenza virus jumps from , say , ducks to chickens , there may be lethal consequences .
Ultimately , this may turn public opinion against Calderón 's policy -- a development that some drug trafficking groups are encouraging with anonymous posters , and by sponsoring popular protests in northern Mexico that demand the army 's return to its barracks .
Recent studies -- from both the laboratory and the clinic -- suggest that many cancer cells that leave the primary tumor may lodge themselves in new organs and go into a dormant state .
We also have evidence that says that these dormant cells may resist most current treatments .
This means that adjuvant cancer therapy , designed to kill presumed micrometastatic disease , may be missing an important fraction of disseminated cancer cells , some of which may eventually wake up .
For example , in some types of breast cancer , patients may be treated for more than a decade with anti-hormone therapies , and these long-term treatments are working -- they are successful at preventing some of the cancer recurrences that occur with shorter treatment .
It may be that many cancer patients harbor disseminated tumor cells , and not all of these cells are destined to re-awaken .
This focus ultimately may be shortsighted , as the increasing number of cancer survivors leads to an increase in late recurrences .
But Ortega is creating a state of emergency in his party as he tries to diminish the threat posed by Herty Lewites , the former mayor of Managua and the country 's most popular politician .
Polls show that an overwhelming majority of Sandinista voters prefers the former Managua mayor -- 72 % versus 18 % for Ortega .
As a result , Nicaragua 's people , not its strongmen , may yet choose the next president .
The Mugabe of Latin America MANAGUA -- Like thousands of Nicaraguans , I voted for Managua 's mayor in local elections last November .
If the results of these boards had been counted , the opposition would have won the capital 's mayoralty by a wide margin .
This month , the new mayors took office without the electoral commission -LRB- CSE -RRB- having made public 100 % of the votes , an open violation of Nicaraguan electoral law .
But the seriousness of the current situation extends beyond particular laws , no matter how noxious they may be .
Opinion polls in Taiwan reflect public dismay over the Chinese legislation , and this negative sentiment will raise the pressure on President Chen , who recently antagonized some of his more ardent pro-independence supporters by reaching out to the pro-unification opposition People First Party .
Even more unsettling , we recognize that America or another country may well be attacked by surprise once again , and are left wondering if such an event will match or exceed the horror of last year .
In other words , pain may begin with a neural message of tissue injury or disease , but it is the end product of complex events within the brain .
Unlocking this secret may help doctors prevent , treat , or eliminate some chronic pain disorders .
Indeed , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recently expressed dismay over the fact that `` only 47 out of 100 children enrolled in class I reach class VIII . ''
Though candidates tend to rollback from protectionist stances once they come to power , the Democrats ' control of both houses of Congress may not give Obama that leeway .
Rivero has long understood that Castro may be the Father of the Cuban Revolution , but that the revolution 's children are increasingly restive .
Gil Cedillo , a California state senator who has been trying to reverse earlier legislation that in 1994 made it illegal for undocumented workers in California to drive , wrote in a recent policy paper , `` While the number of immigrant drivers may be minimally reduced , most simply drive without being trained , tested , licensed , and insured . ''
So , absent any sense of vision -- maybe that comes after the election -- we 're back to trade that dominates what discussion there is of Latin America in the campaign .
And , if Obama comes close to indicating he may have one , he has yet to spell it out .
In any event , China 's power may be vast and rapidly growing , but it lacks the ability to compel .
As China seeks to translate its economic clout into major geopolitical advantages in Asia , a country that once boasted of `` having friends everywhere '' finds that its growing power may be inspiring awe , but that its actions are spurring new concerns and fears .
By signaling that the present China-North Korea border may not be final , Beijing has raised the specter of potential tensions over frontiers in the future .
A withdrawal of US and other NATO troops will not mean the end of the war , because the enemy will continue to target Western interests , wherever they may be .
While his supporters have staged protests against the police raid and interrogation of their leader , Indian officials have expressed apprehension that China may be funding Ogyen Trinley Dorje as part of a plan to influence the Karmapa 's Kagyu sect , which controls important monasteries along the militarized Indo-Tibetan border .
According to Xu Zhitao , an official at the Chinese Communist Party central committee 's United Front Work Department , the allegation that `` the Karmapa -LRB- may be -RRB- a Chinese agent or spy shows that India is keeping its mistrustful attitude toward China . ''
And the ongoing Karmapa saga , with its shadowy politics and intrigue , could turn out to be only the opening act -- a foretaste of what may come when two dueling Dalai Lamas emerge after the incumbent passes from the scene .
The insurrection against Pakistani rule in the mineral-rich southern province of Baluchistan may impede China 's plan to turn Gwadar into an energy transshipment hub to transport Gulf and African oil to western China by pipeline .
In fact , with a second and larger aircraft carrier currently under construction , it may not be long before China displays its naval capabilities by dispatching a carrier battle group to the Indian Ocean -- if not basing one at Gwadar .
Had Obama 's goal been to rout the Taliban , a further military surge may have made sense , because a resurgent Taliban can be defeated only through major ground operations , not by airstrikes and covert action alone .
That may sound disturbing , but it is probably an unstoppable consequence of the initial US invasion .
But , with the fractured opposition rallying behind Fonseka and a moderate Tamil party also coming out in support of him , this election may produce a surprise result .
The current spotlight may be on Europe 's financial woes , but the bigger picture for China is that America 's chronic deficits and indebtedness epitomize its relative decline .
Against that background , China 's growing assertiveness may not surprise many .
Avoiding embarrassment may at times be in the national interest , but it can also protect the careers of politicians and bureaucrats .
In other circumstances , it may be prudent to avoid revealing how much -- or how little -- is known about a given situation .
Instead , government officials are being warned that every document may potentially be leaked and published worldwide by a disgruntled junior officer .
A few days after Wen 's interview , while commenting on recent developments in Taiwan with Premier Wen at his side , US President George W. Bush said that America opposed `` any unilateral decision to change the status quo , and the comments and actions made by the leader of Taiwan indicate that he may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo , which we oppose . ''
So in terms of cross-Straits stability , China can be said to be every bit as provocative as Taiwan , and matters may yet spin out of control if leaders on both sides continue their recklessness .
Some of the biggest breakthroughs may be yet to come .
Studying hibernating bears in the wild may lead to new ways of preventing the millions of hip fractures that result from osteoporosis -- a disease that costs $ 18 billion and kills 70,000 people each year in the United States alone .
Unraveling how the bears accomplish this miraculous feat may offer hope to the estimated 1.5 million people worldwide receiving treatment for kidney failure .
Polar bears , which pile on fat to survive hibernation and yet do not become diabetic , may also hold clues for treating Type II diabetes , a disease associated with obesity that afflicts more than 190 million people worldwide , reaching epidemic proportions in many countries .
Pumiliotoxins , like those manufactured by the Panamanian poison frog , may lead to medicines that strengthen heart contractions -- important in treating cardiac disease .
And the 700 species of coral reef-dwelling cone snails may produce up to 140,000 different toxins , large numbers of which may have value as medicinal compounds .
The answer may be under our feet .
Even when an employer is reasonable , working conditions may still prove dangerous .
If so , the foundation for a real dialogue to defuse the struggle over Kashmir may be possible .
So the window of opportunity to talk and compromise may be open only briefly , and , unfortunately , we have probably not seen the end of nuclear brinkmanship .
Voters there may also extend a disturbing paradox that has emerged in the region : the more `` vigorous '' Asian democracy becomes , the more dysfunctional it is .
The United States and Europe 's mature democracies may function well enough with the `` checks and balances '' of divided government -LRB- though the Republicans ' bid to impeach President Clinton a few years ago might suggest otherwise -RRB- , but in Asia the failure to bestow executive and legislative powers on a single institution is usually a terrible drawback .
Evidence from early brain stimulation experiments a half-century ago suggests that sending a current into the brain may cause shifts in personality and alter behavior .
Even without stimulation , mere recording devices such as brain-controlled motor prostheses may alter the patient 's personality .
This form of political racketeering may win elections , but it sabotages any opportunity to experience , or to perceive , politics as a process that can contribute to global development .
For politicians like French President Nicolas Sarkozy , such considerations may be meaningless .
Russian President Vladimir Putin may be the only one who welcomes this desertion from Europe 's community of values .
Indeed , he may not even object to ruining the EU 's entire legislative engine by granting national parliaments a veto .
While Japanese warships ' logistical support during the recent Afghan conflict was a no-risk operation , that may not be true of the SDF 's latest venture -- participation in reconstruction in `` pacified zones '' in Iraq .
But they may choose different strategies for coping with these disadvantages .
By contrast , women with less economic autonomy may feel that their interests are best served by emphasizing family hierarchies and reciprocal duties .
Wifely deference may be seen as reinforcing the husband 's obligation to support the family .
Dying to save your home , family , or country may be rational . But martyrdom is different and dangerous .
Second , although an `` amoral '' international system may be necessary to support pluralism , an individual country 's foreign policy need not be value-free .
In countries where order may break down at any moment , it may not be better -- as it is in stable , well ordered countries -- to let ten guilty men go free rather than punish one innocent man wrongly .
It may be more important instead to look at the language in which we discuss terrorist incidents .
At times dialogue with terrorists may be needed ; there may be reason to avoid making this impossible by fixating too rigidly on moral imperatives and condemning all terrorists as unspeakable criminals .
So our Romanian pig may survive after all -- at least until the next St. Ignatius ' Day -- thanks to multi-culturalism .
In fact , Tudor 's strategy may work , because the ex-communist PDSR , led by President Ion Iliescu and Prime Minister Adrian Nastase , will probably not oppose such an alliance if it is necessary to give them a majority after November 's general election .
Then Bucharest 's mayor , Traian Basescu , proposes a plan to control the dogs : the city government will put to sleep any dog without an owner .
No , Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities , people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu , fly into Bucharest -LRB- undoubtedly by first class -RRB- to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor .
Since 1990 , successive mayors promised to tackle the problem of these hundreds of thousands of feral dogs .
So , all street dogs , the mayor promised , would be caught and quarantined .
A five-year investigation of Intel may also end with severe penalties .
Even if Microsoft on occasion may have engaged in some sharp competitive practices , the EU 's competition authorities have not been content with slapping its wrists , but got involved in deeply intrusive remedies , including the unbundling of a media player from Microsoft 's operating system and mandating disclosure of industrial secrets embodied in Microsoft 's server software .
Most importantly , our emissions of carbon dioxide may cause global climate patterns to depart significantly from their natural course for many millennia to come .
Mankind 's growing influence on the environment was recognized as long ago as 1873 , when the Italian geologist Antonio Stoppani referred to the `` anthropozoic era , '' defined by a `` new telluric force , which in power and universality may be compared to the greater forces of earth . ''
This will require appropriate human behavior at all levels , and may well involve internationally accepted , large-scale geo-engineering projects to `` optimize '' climate .
If we succeed , we can create a sense that we belong together , even though our reasons for believing so may be different .
The aid that Ethiopia receives from its friends may be a small price to pay to keep Africa 's second largest country from descending into chaos .
Power may have become more diffuse in the contemporary world .
Answers to these questions may be found .
America 's partners may provide them .
Another question may seem more parochial to some but is of equal significance globally : what are we to make of the differences between Europe and America that have become so manifest in the Iraq debate ?
It may be that these shared values make it more difficult to find the much-desired European identity . But feeding anti-American sentiment , however unintentionally , into the European construction would be intellectually dishonest , morally suspect , and politically dangerous for all freedom-loving Europeans .
Unlike Adenauer , Brandt , and de Gaulle , Blair may really be going against the grain of his people rather than anticipating a changing general view .
After all , unpopular parties and falling electoral turnout may merely be passing phenomena .
New parties may arise and breathe more life into elections and representative government . But this will probably not be enough to restore the popular legitimacy that elected governments have lost .
But the debate about possibly biased Italian or Spanish or Belgian judges in highly sensitive cases detracts from the deeper question of whether the increase in the powers of the judiciary may not have gone too far .
It may even serve to strengthen trust in the true independence of judges , who are badly needed as an instance of last resort , when the rights of individuals is at risk -- and hence the very rule of law itself .
English regions may soon follow .
London and other cities have directly elected mayors .
Turkey wants desperately to be accepted into the EU , whose `` Copenhagen criteria , '' approved in 1993 , define what may be called the constitutional prerequisites of membership .
Scotland may have a new -LRB- and expensive -RRB- government , but what about the English regions ?
While Iraqis may be pleased to be rid of a murderous regime , they had little time to get accustomed to the notion of being an occupied country .
It may merely appear to become real where people of different social classes live together , but this is so because the lines of class themselves have become blurred .
Elsewhere , even in the most civilised countries , the same process may not be as visible but is equally prevalent .
In many cases , people may not have tried hard enough .
The United States may be less of a melting pot today than it was a century ago , but even so it sets a good example .
Globalisation may have something to do with it , as well as the disintegration that accompanies modernity .
For those who have not abandoned hope for the eventual victory of enlightened values but who nonetheless see things as they are in the real world , a version of `` separate but equal '' may provide at least an interim answer .
There may be some technical measures that can be taken , like banning parties and candidates who campaign against democracy , or whose democratic credentials are weak .
A more relevant example may well be Turkey , where Islamist movements were dissolved by the courts ; when they reappeared in a different guise , they had to undergo severe tests .
Things in Iraq may not be as bad as the daily news of bomb attacks make events there sound ; but it is clear that there will be no lasting progress towards a liberal order in that country without basic security .
Such examples serve to show that the most disquieting aspect of today 's insecurity may well be the diversity of its sources , and that there are no clear explanations and simple solutions .
The truth - to quote Popper again - is that `` we must go on into the unknown , the uncertain and insecure , '' come what may .
Today 's instabilities may be unusually varied and severe , but human life is one of ceaseless uncertainty at all times .
The monopoly on the use of violence exercised by democratic states must be preserved , which may involve expelling non-citizens who choose violence or advocate its use , and the detention of citizens who have practiced or threatened it .
Such reasons may conceal more compelling factors , as the recent resignation of American CIA Director George Tenet suggests .
But even he may stay in office to try again , having blamed others - in this case private companies - for the debacle .
If something of such severity has happened that a minister finds it impossible to defend them , they may have to pay the penalty , but the minister still must assume responsibility .
There may be the vexing question of whether instructions or reports passed over his desk that contained relevant information .
This may seem an old-fashioned term .
What it says in Rumsfeld 's case is that there may be no legal or constitutional obligation for a responsible minister to resign over the Iraqi abuse scandal ; but once upon a time it would have been regarded as a matter of honor that he does resign .
It may be that rethinking strategy in the light of new facts will open a way forward .
Elections , in such a case , may not even be wise at all - indeed , they may prove to be counterproductive .
However much one may favor multiethnic nation-states , once such a construction has failed , it is imperative to listen to popular sentiment .
Initially , this may be an issue for the military .
If there are elections in Iraq in January -- and this is a very big `` if '' -- they may not resolve much .
Involving the people and providing for peaceful conflict resolution may require institutions peculiar to the region and its history .
Americans may not want their soldiers and military hardware in dozens , if not hundreds , of places around the world , but they accept a president who offers simple -- often martial -- certainties .
One may also wonder whether this president could lead them in another direction , to traditional Republican isolationism .
America 's twin fiscal and trade deficits may prove to be solvable problems , but new ways will have to be tried to resolve them .
Pope John Paul II is in many ways an intellectual ; he may have been underrated in that regard .
It may in fact be a particularly cruel form of inequality , as those who do not succeed can not argue that they were unlucky or kept down by those in power .
One may well wonder what this means in terms of social values .
But as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy , Xavier Solana , the High Representative of the EU Council of Ministers , may be at the telephone number that Henry Kissinger famously could never find in Brussels when he wanted to `` speak to Europe '' in his day , but Solana is hardly in a position to speak for `` Europe '' in important matters today .
Italy has long had a large Communist Party , and the left may be in power again ; but there is no gut antagonism to the freedoms that capitalism encourages .
In fact , new models to square the circle of economic growth , social cohesion , and political liberty may be emerging in some of the countries that have grasped the mantle of globalization .
True , the campaign has brought out nuances that may turn out to be important .
The popular vote for this party -- which could be 10 % -- may well determine what kind of coalition is formed after the election .
Earlier generations may have borne the burden of working and waiting more readily , but nowadays people want results here and now .
This has produced -- albeit with a certain amount of external pressure notably on behalf of the Sunnis -- a document that may provide the basis for the rule of law .
In the resulting panic , people may be hurt or even killed .
I do not know how many Islamic leaders preach murder and mayhem in mosques and help recruit suicide bombers from among their congregants ; but even if it is only a handful , they pose a question that must be answered .
It may well be resolved with different answers that accord with different countries ' traditions , although tax credits and similar additions to people 's incomes are more compatible with free societies .
But the constitutional convention , too , must be elected , and this election may run into the very difficulties that plague first elections to parliaments in new democracies .
The result may yet turn out to be a stepping-stone towards an effective state that deserves international recognition .
Power may be increasingly illusory in a globalized world , but it is an illusion that is shared by others , and the longer one inhabits it , the more one 's circle consists of others who share the belief .
Overstaying one 's welcome may be the professional disease of political leaders , but it is above all incompatible with democracy as a framework for bringing about change without violence .
As long as they accept elections and election results , they may be gone almost as quickly as they arrived .
The denial of a well-documented truth may lead to new crimes .
This is the context in which we may see the invasion of Islamic taboos into the enlightened , mostly non-Islamic world .
Indeed , another trend may be more significant as far as political leadership is concerned .
Merkel may have been softened by having to preside over a grand coalition , but her original stance was more of the Reagan-Thatcher variety .
Only Royal may be said to represent softer lines against the hard-liner of the governing party , Nicolas Sarkozy .
It may not be dignified to expect immigrant workers to do these `` dirty '' jobs , but to these workers such jobs offer a step on the ladder of hope as they help to keep advanced economies and societies functioning .
There may be ways to mitigate the result , but without immigration social benefits across Europe will have to be reduced massively within a generation .
Viewed from the perspective such truths provide , the European Union 's eastward enlargement , for example , is highly desirable not despite but because it may lead to migration from the new member states to the old .
They could form coalitions with anyone , not least with each other , whatever their traditional political affiliations may be .
However , this condition may not last .
In at least two respects , alternative policy options are beginning to emerge , and these may one day dominate public debate .
Thus , despite today 's political quiet , major cleavage between apparently unchallenged leaders and shifting popular moods may be gaining strength below the surface .
To defend our liberty we need domestic democracy at least as much as a readiness to attack whatever `` forces of evil '' may exist elsewhere in the world .
However absurd this target may be , mass higher education is here to stay .
They may deter some of those who are qualified from seeking higher education .
They may not be sufficient to save universities from bankruptcy .
Such thoughts may seem heretical now , but without heresy there will be no reform .
But there are other challenges as well . Isolating the conflict 's impact from that of other interventions -LRB- e.g. , economic sanctions -RRB- may be impossible .
Moreover , the high-quality population data needed for credible estimates may not be available due to their `` sensitive nature , '' or because they never have been collected -LRB- sometimes the case in developing nations -RRB- , or because refugee movements have made data obsolete .
If there is no double counting , and if the incidents included in the data were reported correctly , their tally represents a minimum number , because media reports may not be comprehensive .
It may not be wrong , but the authors should provide a credible explanation of why their pre-war CDR is nearly half that of the UN Population Division .
There was good news , however , in that the Stockholm summit witnessed the first signs that the EU may at last be creeping , crab-wise , toward an idea hitherto taboo : that the European Union may require an immigration policy .
Britain may or may not join the Euro , but the policies adopted by Labor -- privatization , low budget deficits , low inflation , an independent central bank -- are precisely those it would need if it did decide to join .
Berlusconi 's promised tax cuts may soon run up against both Treaty limits , and will likely incite conflict with other Euro area governments if they do .
It may be argued that the Europeans should try to close this chasm , by increasing their own defense spending . Perhaps they should ; but there are two problems .
From Washington , the past half-century may look like the story of a victorious Cold War against an outside enemy ; but from Europe , it looks more like the story of a slow , unremitting effort to find political , economic , legal and institutional alternatives to military power as a way of tackling geo-political problems .
If EU governments are able to strengthen central political institutions , enlargement may be successful ; if not , it may be blocked .
Moreover , with stronger central institutions , the EU may start to make progress in developing a more coherent European Security and Defense Policy .
On the surface , the crisis in France may seem short-lived .
What is most dismaying about the French presidential campaign is how little either mainstream leader had to say about Europe .
Norway may one day possibly seek to join , and that would pose no problems ; it is conceivable that Switzerland may seek to join , and that too would not be a problem -LRB- except to the Swiss -RRB- .
In theory , the advantage of this `` big bang '' enlargement is that it may concentrate minds on the need for a radical re-think of the decision-making processes in a bigger EU .
It is conceivable that the swarm of small new member states may revert to the traditional and logical predisposition towards federalism .
Even the British may learn to understand Europe , though no one should count on it .
These ideas may go nowhere , at least not right away .
But that may be changing .
This year , or next year , it may at last become clear that the gulf between federalists and nationalists is too deep to be bridged .
If the negotiation of a new EU Constitution is to have any chance of success , it may be decided on Saturday , at a meeting between Tony Blair of Britain , Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany , and President Jacques Chirac of France .
Instead , the summit 's breakdown may be an advance warning that this enlargement could prove to be so disruptive as to lead , not to a benign transformation of the EU , but to its radical dislocation .
British trust in the European Parliament may stand at only 30 % ; but trust in the Westminster Parliament is much lower , at only 19 % - the lowest figure in the EU .
This may be a reaction to the American-led war in Iraq ; but Tony Blair will exclude it precisely for that reason , and a common European defense policy without Britain makes little sense .
Blair 's government may hope to be rescued by outside events .
If the Constitution is rejected , the British , having chosen to stay out of that grouping , may find that they have maneuvered themselves into an even more remote outer circle of Europe .
These dangers were predictable , and the world now knows that the war has proved a terrible failure of American strategy , and may yet have even more catastrophic consequences .
Moreover , the convulsions in Iraq may well have incalculable repercussions throughout the Middle East .
The IIF 's forecast may seem alarmist , but the competing estimates are based on some intriguing analytical differences .
That may be part of the story , but competition for talent and for customers seems intense between investment banks and others , yet they have collectively been extravagantly rewarded at the expense of those customers .
But eventually these high returns reduce the payouts to investors -LRB- Bernie Madoff may be the reduction ad absurdum of this phenomenon -RRB- and slow the growth of the sector .
Higher taxes may be justified for other reasons , but are unlikely to solve the problem described .
The arrival of `` say on pay '' provisions in the US -- whereby boards will need to put their compensation policies to a shareholder vote in future -- may focus minds , though the impact of similar provisions in the UK has been modest .
If the authorities are seen to have brought new institutions into being by fiat , might they not be obligated to support them , come what may ?
This may , in part , have just been partisan politics , but Bernanke was appointed by President George W. Bush , and there were other voices , both Democrat and independent , raised against his reappointment .
The arguments that apply strongly in the case of interest rates are less clear when it comes to other functions that central banks may carry .
For most of us , unless we remain seriously overweight in financial stocks , this may not be a bad prospect .
If they over-constrain the financial sector , risk may migrate outside the regulatory frontier , where it will be harder to measure and monitor .
They may think that , in the long run , parities will reflect developments in relative unit labor costs .
They acknowledge that in some circumstances intervention , or at least the readiness to intervene , may be effective , but only if a number of associated conditions are met .
There must also be a strong political commitment to intervention , and an explicit willingness to accept the consequences for domestic monetary conditions , which may involve an inflation rate that is higher or lower than desired , perhaps for some time .
In a real struggle over things that actually matter , we must assume that we are up against thinking opponents , who may understand some things about us that we do n't know about ourselves .
But there can be no real predictive science for a system that may change its behavior if we publish a model of it .
Joking about Science ITHACA , NEW YORK -- An apocryphal story sometimes heard among physicists concerns a toast , proposed by his Cambridge University colleagues , to J. J. Thomson 's discovery of the electron in 1897 : `` To the electron : may it never be of use to anyone ! ''
Einstein may have drawn US President Franklin Roosevelt 's attention to the possibility of making nuclear weapons , but he is chiefly remembered for his profound ideas about the nature of the universe .
After all , the brain is just one organ of the body , so people whose brains work well in early life may also have other organs and systems that are more efficient than others ' .
These may look like negative reasons for the EU to engage with the SCO , but there are also ample positive reasons for encouraging cooperation .
After 9\/11 , the alliance came to the conclusion that threats may need to be dealt with on a worldwide basis , which explains NATO 's presence in Afghanistan .
As long as NATO remains reluctant to enter into a dialogue with the SCO , such a cautious attitude looks set to linger , and may even intensify .
But a better example may be Wim Kok , who stepped down last year after eight years as Dutch Prime Minister .
Any transition to peace may well prove ephemeral unless policymakers make political reconciliation and integration -- not optimal economic policies -- the bedrock priority .
As White points out , promoters of FDI are not selling a product , which the country 's embassies abroad may be able to do .
Emergency or humanitarian policies may improve basic consumption in the short run , but they may also discourage investment , increase inflation , and lower prospects for economic in the long run . As a result , such policies should be discontinued as soon as possible .
Peace Through Reconciliation in Afghanistan NEW YORK -- It may or may not be coincidental , but as US President Barack Obama 's military offensive in Afghanistan gets underway , Afghan President Hamid Karzai has at long last embarked on a serious effort at national reconciliation .
In the case of Afghanistan , it may also require a sharp reduction in Taliban financing from drug-related activities , as well as targeted military operations to destroy insurgency hideouts in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Or maybe it was the industrial revolution of the eighteenth century in Britain -- the steam engine , the forge , and the cotton mill -- that set the train of progress in motion .
Neither the French nor the Germans , obviously , want to contemplate any possibility of a return to the days when every generation they would kill each other over the question of which language should be spoken by the mayor of Strasbourg -LRB- or is it Strassburg ? -RRB- .
The ECB contends that the core economies of the global North -- Germany , France , Britain , the United States , and Japan -- are now at the point where they need rapid fiscal retrenchment and austerity , because financial markets ' confidence in the quality of their debt is shaken , and may collapse at any moment .
This may well look like structural unemployment in three years .
In three years , we may well see labor shortages , rising wages , and increasing prices in expanding sectors , accompanied by high unemployment elsewhere in the economy .
Even though the British government 's credit is still solid gold , Prime Minister David Cameron 's administration is about to embark on what may be the largest sustained fiscal contraction ever : a plan to shrink the government budget deficit by 9 % of GDP over the next four years .
Borrowing from the IMF may be humiliating for government officials .
But the monetarist-Keynesian post-WWII near-consensus , which played such a huge part in making the 60 years from 1945-2005 the most successful period for the global economy ever , may unravel nonetheless .
History may provide some guidance here .
If those who hold power fear that change may bring unpleasant consequences , they will systematically obstruct it , which rulers in the Middle East proceeded to do for centuries .
Moreover , the government officials , lobbyists , and interest groups doing the designing may not have the public interest in mind -- or even know what the public interest happens to be .
There is more in -LRB- Hyman -RRB- Minsky , and perhaps more still in -LRB- Charles -RRB- Kindleberger . '' That may sound obscure to a non-economist , but it was a devastating indictment .
That America may be gone for good .
They are also betting that the current third quarter may well show a growth rate as high as 5 % per year .
A fall in the value of the dollar reduces Americans ' standard of living , but it does not cause the kind of liquidity and solvency crises we have seen so often in the past decade -- at least not if New York 's major financial institutions have well-hedged derivative books ; if not , all bets may be off .
This may or may not be enough to produce lots of payroll jobs and significantly cut the unemployment rate , but it will be enough growth for the US to continue to be the fastest growing component of the world economy 's post-industrial core .
If not , then Angell may well continue to be as irrelevant as he was right .
There may be little cause for immediate worry .
The sociological time bomb may simply continue ticking .
The Republicans magnified their economic quackery by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of America 's social-insurance system , largely to deflect attention from the fact that Bush threw away the budget surpluses President Clinton had bequeathed him - and with them what may have been the country 's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster .
Indeed , the tendency towards superficiality in coverage of economic issues may have led campaign managers to believe that the press will so distort their message that they dare not even try to set out what they regard as the true rationales for their economic policies .
It may well be time for another technocratic push : a Fiscal Stabilization Board that would take its place beside the Federal Reserve Board .
Social Security 's actuaries may not have fully recognized the impact of today 's technological revolutions , but they have markedly boosted the scale of the system that the US government can afford .
Something may well happen in the next several years to radically boost America 's savings rate by making US households feel suddenly poor : tax increases , a real estate crash , rapidly-rising import prices caused by a plummeting dollar , a deep recession , or more than one of the above .
By 2009 , the US may have a State Department willing to speak up again .
As more time passes with neither the value of the dollar declining sharply nor market forces beginning to shrink America 's current-account deficit -- which may well reach $ 1 trillion this year -- two diametrically opposed reactions are emerging .
However much we may worry about the distributional consequences of outsourcing , we should never overlook the fact that it increases the total size of the economic pie .
Mankiw 's comments come as the president struggles to shore up support in manufacturing states that have lost millions of jobs ... Mankiw 's conclusions may prove discordant during an election year ... ''
Fear as much as institutional blockages may be the source of what is either a global savings glut or a global investment shortfall , depending on how you view it .
This may be the situation that the world financial system is in now .
The more central banks talk , and the clearer they try to make their language , the more it seems that markets may be reacting excessively and inappropriately to statements that are not really news at all .
More information may be leading not to better knowledge , but to more confusion .
The system may be `` sloppy and breed confusion , '' but `` tolerating abusive leaks by government -LRB- that misinform -RRB- is the price that society has to pay for the benefit of receiving essential leaks about government . ''
I can not judge the strength of these factions , or whether they know that the falling US current account deficit and dollar may lessen the urgency of adjustment in the rest of the world , but not in China .
By contrast , a world in which the dollar has already fallen is one that may see economic turmoil , but not an economic crisis .
Of course , there may well be turbulence : when US wage levels appear low because of a weak dollar , it is hard to export to America , and other countries must rely on other sources of demand to maintain full employment .
The government may have to shore up the financial system if the changes in asset prices that undermined the dollar sink risk-loving or imprudent lenders .
Thus , the world economy may dodge yet another potential catastrophe .
That may still prove to be wishful thinking .
In this case , what is bad for economists is good for the world economy : we may be facing a mere episode of financial distress in the US rather than sky-high long-term interest rates and a depression .
America 's college-to-high-school wage premium may now be 100 % , yet this generation of white , native-born American males may well wind up getting no more education than their immediate predecessors .
Measured against these principles , Reagan failed on -LRB- 2 -RRB- and -LRB- 4 -RRB- and adopted -LRB- 1 -RRB- only by default -- Paul Volcker 's anti-inflation policy in the 1980 's dismayed many of Reagan 's close aides .
Political advisers to future Democratic administrations may argue that the only way to tie the Republicans ' hands and keep them from launching another wealth-polarizing offensive is to widen the deficit enough that even they are scared of it .
A more hawkish fiscal stance may no longer be possible in future Democratic administrations , and might not be good policy if it were , given the likely complexion of successor administrations .
Indeed , a strategy of bond-market appeasement places may turn out to be futile , because it places a huge bet on the rationality of global financial markets .
This opposition is not coming only from politicians who are calculating that opposition to whatever is proposed may yield electoral benefits ; indeed , it does not even reflect any coherent right-wing or indeed left-wing political position .
But population may well decline thereafter .
Indeed , it comes as somewhat of a shock to realize that the age of the population explosion may be coming to an end .
It may well turn out that $ 4 worth of aid are a poor substitute for even $ 1 worth of exports , because there are few better schools in which to internalize the organizational forms and technologies built since the start of the Industrial Revolution than the school of exporting .
It may or may not be true , especially these days , that what is good for General Motors is good for America and vice versa , but certainly what is good economically for America is good politically for the president .
So is buying or holding equity in firms that may be holding risky assets , regardless of how `` safe '' a firm 's stock was previously thought to be .
Indeed , we should do it repeatedly , until there are signs that additional stimulus may start to threaten price or debt-management stability , or until unemployment falls far enough to make Barro 's multipliers overestimates .
Paradoxically , the apparently discontinuous and contradictory nature of the `` era of reform and opening '' may actually help explain how China 's boom came about .
Revolutionary communism may well have cleared the path for the boom in other ways as well , suggesting that the shift from socialist utopianism to capitalist pragmatism was less a U-turn than a sequential process of `` creative destruction . ''
But , in the cold eyes of history , the 1989 movement and its aftermath may eventually be seen as the Chinese Communist Party 's `` Machiavellian moment , '' when Deng confronted the mortality of his republic , and saw what it would take to survive : Party unity based on urban growth .
In her classic study On Revolution , Hannah Arendt observed darkly that `` whatever brotherhood human beings may be capable of has grown out of fratricide , whatever political organization men may have achieved has its origin in crime . ''
Hu , having recently met with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , may have discussed the issue with Kim , as well as the intense pressure Lee is under to respond , if not retaliate .
Perhaps the EU may not recognize the meaning of its actions but Greek Cypriots do .
This may delay entry into the EU but that is preferable to inciting chaos on the island and across the eastern Mediterranean .
Moreover , if the stimulus succeeds and leads to an early recovery , the additional income gained may more than offset the increase in debt .
Each country may hope that others will stimulate their demand while it preserves its fiscal headroom , thereby relying on exports as the engine of recovery . Each country may also be tempted by protectionist measures , trying to preserve domestic jobs at the expense of imports .
Indeed , one could argue that such symbolic acts may even create a blind euphoria that obscures the fact that , as a result of less education and lower pay , young females in India continue to have far fewer resources than their male counterparts .
While India 's president may be only a ceremonial head of state , during periods of political instability -- especially in the current age of coalition governments -- it is the president who makes crucial decisions about governing parties .
Can it be that after the Iraq war , and the dismaying images of looting at the National Museum in Baghdad , we have lost our capacity to be outraged ?
It would be politically lethal to acknowledge the real state of affairs , even if the official policy merely increases the chances that Europeans , after all their efforts , still may not understand each other .
Each day , hundreds of interpreters literally pay lip service to this lofty precept , and millions of pages are translated annually so that citizens may consult EU law in their own language .
Representatives may demand interpretation into their home language , but a proposal to limit each country 's translation budget is likely to be accepted soon .
The alternative to such a political compromise may be a return to the tragic and bloody secessionist course that the Tigers sought for so long .
Of course , it may take some time for the Tamils and their leaders to learn the mutual tolerance and self-discipline of democratic government .
With over 1,000 US deaths in Iraq , and the huge pressures that the occupation of that benighted country has put on American troops around the world , it is clear that - for the first time in decades - foreign policy issues may determine the outcome of a US presidential election .
Acting jointly means that the US will have to take into account other interests and views - views that may not always be in harmony with its own .
But the answer to such doubt and dismay is more Europe , not less .
Leading companies are starting to understand how integrating these concerns into core business practices may hold the answer to sustainable long-term profitability in emerging markets .
The case , American Civil Liberties Union v. Myriad Genetics , may have a tremendous impact on medicine and science .
Hard as it may be to believe , as Reverby was to discover , the abuse in Guatemala was even more egregious .
President Bush may or may not have been careless in portraying Iraq , Iran and North Korea as an `` axis of evil , '' but he was correct in pointing out the many hidden links in the global terrorist chain .
This , however , may result in eviscerating the power of Dr. Ibrahim Rugova , finally confirmed as President earlier this month , while the extremist 's parties transformed from the Kosovo Liberation Army are admitted into government .
The freedoms that they were so accustomed to , and maybe even took for granted , have now been snatched away .
Indeed , even as a short-term strategy against the Maoists , it may well prove counterproductive .
But if Milosevic and his followers are finished for good , he may yet succeed in completely compromising the tribunal .
The bullets that killed Djindjic may also have slain Serbian hopes for normalcy at the very moment that we were emerging from the nightmare of Slobodan Milosevic 's long misrule .
He was seen in the West as a reformer , and reform may not proceed without him . If it does not , urgently needed Western investment wo n't materialize .
The more dangerous outcome is that the assassination may reinforce the belief in Serbia that only authoritarian rule is possible .
Indeed , Djindjic may well be a victim of his recent moves to root out organized crime .
Sadly , he may also have needed the support of some crime bosses at the outset .
For the moment , extreme nationalists and Milosevic supporters may feel triumphant .
Their vision of a chauvinistic , inward-looking Serbia has been discredited , while Djindjic 's stance may become more popular due to his martyrdom .
Only two recent American presidents have had the courage needed to shun appeasement : Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush . America 's critics may quibble over the details , but in our hearts we Europeans know the truth , because we saw it first hand .
Another unspoken consideration may have been at work in the Guantanamo Bay case , which has garnered considerable international attention .
Alarmed by this dramatic volte-face , the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans , not even the ones who put him in office in the first place .
Here are judges , they will say , who do not understand that they have no legitimate qualifications to act as agents of American foreign policy , a job committed by the Constitution to the President and -LRB- they may grudgingly admit -RRB- Congress .
A decorated World War II veteran , Justice Stevens may well have thought that he was at least as qualified as the civilians in the Bush Justice Department to forecast the impact of the court 's ruling on military efficiency .
Once this resistance develops , treatment is compromised , further resistance can evolve , and resistant organisms can be transmitted to other people , leading to primary drug resistance that may fail to respond to standard therapy .
Ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find TB that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests , treat TB according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs , and prevent TB among those who are at risk . These steps may very well ensure that XDR-TB does not engulf the advances made in the past century in the global fight against TB .
The same may happen in Turkey but its politics are harder and public finances far more troublesome .
Hence the skepticism , hence the expectation that Act III may open soon .
But the IMF must also reinvent itself to become far more focused ; it may not be able to change its image but it can become more effective .
Argentina 's debt problems may weaken the dollar a little and Turkey 's difficulties may hurt the Euro . Both issues , however , will only effect those currencies at the margins .
So , though the world seems uncertain , the economic outlook is not as black as the skies in New York may have the world believe .
This , too , is something that may happen any day now or that could be a few years off .
Policy responses to such economic shocks may be better nowadays than they were during the Great Depression -- for example , we know not to embark on a trade war should the Yen crash -- but no one knows how long and painful the process of correction will be .
Everybody may not get a chance to become rich in a capitalist system , but the system should not be perceived as rigged in ways that allow only insiders to get rich while everyone else pays the bill .
The ritual witch-hunt now underway may be the only way for bosses to regain their bearings .
That may seem an extreme solution for Western democracies .
The euro will stay at around 90 % of the dollar and may not even pay a weekend visit at parity .
When may any of this happen ?
If Latin America does not change , it may increasingly look like Africa -- a region of weak states with large informal economies and widespread poverty .
Peru and Venezuela hardly look better ; Brazil may soon follow the same course .
Demagogues like Venezuala 's Hugo Chavez or Carlos Menem -- an Argentine presidential candidate once again -- may seem like a bad joke , but anyone who cares about Latin America 's fate should not laughing .
Democracy may be working well enough in terms of free and fair elections .
Even the leaders of the nuclear-weapon states are now officially supporting the goal of global nuclear disarmament . They are joined by former statesmen , national parliaments and regional organizations , mayors , retired military experts , women 's organizations , human rights activists , environmentalists , and countless other groups worldwide .
He described it as a means for creating a `` fusion of interests ... that will be the leavening from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by bloody conflicts . ''
With fears mounting that one or another euro-zone country may default , yield spreads on government bonds between EMU countries have reached record highs .
But the panic that EMU may disintegrate is overdone .
While China may be a ravenous importer of Latin American commodities , it is also a formidable competitor .
Health problems may take you to a clinic , but many of them start with how you behave at home -- what you eat and drink , whether you smoke or exercise or sleep enough , etc. .
But , again , health really begins at home , so the real victory -- and one where such civil-society cooperation may have a more immediate impact -- is to give people better data about themselves and what they should be doing for their own health .
Someone may legitimately want to remain anonymous , but we can draw our own conclusions about their reasons .
-LRB- Just as we require drivers to have insurance , maybe we should require users either to buy security services from their ISP or to post some kind of bond\/insurance . -RRB-
But , while governments may be unresponsive , everywhere commercially-driven enterprises are responding to user feedback .
But this crisis may have one good outcome : people will be less likely to listen to authorities , and more interested in finding out for themselves what is going on .
To some extent , it 's already working -- by spreading . Local efforts may succeed or fail based on the talents of local implementers .
The alternative may be too expensive for shareholders and citizens alike .
But Alvaro Uribe 's re-election in Colombia may not only have begun the process of reversing that tide ; it has perhaps also shown conservative and liberal parties across the continent a way forward -- one that may soon be tested in Mexico 's presidential vote on July 2 .
Unlike the FARC , the ELN has engaged in the peace process and may soon follow the AUC back into legitimate civilian life .
However , unlike President Alan Garcia of Peru , who Chávez may be trying to bully , Chávez has been forced to recognize Uribe 's enormous popularity .
A doctor may choose a secular path , or try to integrate a traditional faith with a modern profession .
If we are to encourage democratic trends in political Islam , we must learn to think of Islamists as political opponents rather than as violent adversaries who may have medical and engineering degrees .
In the absence of US leadership in matters of international trade , the majority of Latin American countries will not open their economies further to foreign competition , and some may even return to increased protectionism .
After presidential debates in the United States or Britain , the contenders , who may have been accusing each other of the most unforgivable of sins , shake hands vigorously and give each other genial and encouraging smiles .
No matter how much Barack Obama may have loathed the views of George W. Bush , he had to be initiated into state secrets by the former president , in a confidential -- and undoubtedly genial -- meeting .
In parliamentary debates , fierce ideological battles may be the order of the day , but ad hominem attacks are off limits .
Indeed , it may be that the transition from passionate to impersonal politics is one of the most difficult challenges facing democratizers everywhere .
We may not want politicians to be driven by self-interest , but we need to acknowledge that they have selves , which are formed by a multitude of factors -- and passions .
There may be a temptation to inflate away debt held by foreigners , but the fact is that the majority of US debt is held by Americans , who would constitute a strong constituency opposing the policy .
Thus , the initiative here might best come from another G-20 country -- maybe Brazil , South Africa , or even Russia .
It has rethought its traditional opposition to capital controls . It has suggested that central banks may want to consider higher inflation targets in order to avoid hitting the zero bound in the event of deflationary shocks .
This suggests that investment may respond better than the pessimists fear .
Fiscal velocity may be considerable -- that is , deficits may be large -- but there is no sign of a brick wall ahead .
Or maybe politicians do n't believe any of this and are simply intent on cutting spending for ideological reasons , irrespective of the economic consequences .
Willingness to hold the dollar may be undercut by concern with America 's twin fiscal and external deficits .
Where their obligations are held by foreigners , and by foreign banks in particular , writing them down may only destabilize other countries .
It may stretch credulity to think that a high-growth economy like China might soon be facing similar problems .
And , because they may be here today but gone tomorrow , they receive little in the way of meaningful on-the-job training .
But , as John Maynard Keynes famously quipped , `` In the long run , we are all dead . '' European leaders ' continued focus on the long run at the expense of short-term imperatives may indeed be the death knell for their single currency .
BERKELEY -- It may be hard to imagine that Europe 's crisis could worsen , but it just has .
The trigger may have been outgoing Prime Minister George Papandreou 's ill-advised decision to call for a referendum on the EU 's rescue package -LRB- which implies further severe austerity measures -RRB- ; but the fundamental problem is that a brutal recession made the government 's demise all but inevitable .
Their statements were designed to beat Greek politicians into submission , and may have succeeded , at least for now .
If it does , maybe -- just maybe -- there will be reason to hope that the European project 's darkest hour is just before the dawn .
But once American households rebuild their retirement accounts , they may return to their profligate ways .
With recovery , both may recover to previous levels , and the 6 % - of-GDP US external deficit will be back .
Allowing the renminbi to appreciate as a way of encouraging imports may also discourage exports , the traditional motor of Chinese growth .
National supervisors may be reluctant to surrender this responsibility to a multilateral organization .
China , Brazil , and Russia have offered ambitious proposals , which may bear fruit in 10 or 20 years , to make the International Monetary Fund 's Special Drawing Rights a true international currency .
But , owing to the financial and economic crisis , the current decade will be remembered as the decade of public debt , and in some countries or regions , maybe even the decade of permanent fiscal derailment if nothing is done .
The window of opportunity to create a Europe that is whole and free after a half century of division and misery may not remain open indefinitely .
But politicians may need two steps : an initial failure to agree , and then a quick deal in response to the resulting financial-market convulsions .
The fear is that it may not .
In that sense , the ECB may have been too trusting .
A Fair Deal for Turkey Turkey has been given what looks like an ultimatum from the EU Commission : open your ports for ships from Cyprus within a month , or you may risk a halt to the EU accession talks now underway .
Russia argues that independence for Kosovo may `` create a precedent '' -- a veiled threat to mobilize its secessionist proxies not only in Georgia and Moldova , but also in Ukraine 's Crimea region .
Later this year , in Prague , NATO 's leaders may also give the green light to the next group of new members .
Soon , it may appear even more isolated to Russians , as Poland and Lithuania enforce the EU 's Schengen border rules .
This debate may soon heat up again , now that the US , no less than Europe , is faced with grave budgetary problems .
India 's commitment to defense spending , and its desire to acquire advanced military production processes , may provide the kind of energy that Europe has been lacking .
But with Germany 's Luftwaffe planning heavy cuts to its procurement of Euro-fighters , India may have second thoughts about taking part in the project .
Europeans may have to embrace new modes of cooperation among their national armed forces in order to put them to effective use .
As difficult as we may find it to condemn individuals who use drugs and surgery to transform themselves in accordance with dominant aesthetic standards , on a social level these procedures compound the problems they are meant to fix .
This may transform what was once seen as an ordinary human variation - being shy , uptight , or melancholy - into a psychiatric problem .
Twitter may now be taking more aggressive steps to promote Internet freedom abroad .
Google 's adamant stance on Chinese censorship may have been well intentioned . The problem is that the standoff has now taken on the tone of a state-to-state confrontation .
`` Modern '' behavior may have appeared in different regions and among different groups of humans , much as would happen later in history with the inventions of agriculture , writing , and transport .
Very close species may have similar behavioral systems and , in the case of our close predecessors , the shared features probably included many traits we have preferred to consider the monopoly of our species , including symbolic behavior .
Russian democracy , born in 1991 , may be nearing its expiration date .
Capitals may be renamed .
Everything may be mocked and change meaning .
He owes his career to Chechnya , as Bush may owe his presidency to Iraq .
But , whatever embarrassment he may now be feeling is certainly a better fate than that meted out to Mikhail Khodorkovsky , another Russian oligarch with political ambitions , who is now languishing in his eighth year of imprisonment since boldly challenging Vladimir Putin 's ideas about how Russia should be run .
That may have been too much for Alexei Kudrin , the finance minister since 2000 , whose disagreement with Medvedev 's increased spending led to his resignation .
The working group may have contributed to ending the war of words , at least on the American side , and McFaul has now been nominated to become US Ambassador to Russia .
By contrast , it has not been so easy for observers to see why Iran would stop short of building the nuclear weapons that it may soon have the capacity to produce .
To be sure , China may have a strong tendency to create bubbles , partly because people in a fast-growing economy become less risk-averse .
There are also several special factors that may make China vulnerable to bubbles .
Whereas some policies may be criticized for being too `` administrative '' and failing to allow market forces to play a sufficient role , they may be the only effective way to deal with China 's `` administrative entities . ''
The consequences of burst bubbles in Japan in the 1980 's and in the United States last year are powerful reasons why China 's government has acted with such determination , while the legacy of a functioning centralized system may explain why it has proven capable of doing so decisively .
Indeed , they may be easily absorbed as long as annual GDP growth remains at 8-9 % and , most importantly , as long as local government borrowings are now contained .
There may be leaks and loopholes in these rules , but firewalls are in place -- and are more stringently guarded than ever before .
But it has not appeared yet , and it may be adequately contained if it does .
Causes for misalignment may be found on both sides .
China may resume a `` managed float '' of its exchange rate , particularly if the uncertainty of the overall post-crisis economic situation diminishes .
In choosing whether or not to do so , its policymakers may weigh factors ranging from China 's international responsibilities to the potential damage of foreign protectionism or even a `` trade war . ''
-LRB- Per-capita earnings for China 's farmers may rise to $ 770 if the renminbi appreciates by 10 % , but of course that is only a US dollar-term revision , with Chinese farmers feeling no increase at all -RRB- .
Indeed , rapid growth in investment may translate into high import growth and trade deficits .
Some people may argue that investment growth without consumption growth will result in overcapacity and eventually lead to recession .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
BEIJING -- China 's GDP growth this year may approach 10 % .
Lower asset prices may slow total investment growth and GDP , but if the slowdown is -LRB- supposedly -RRB- from 11 % to 9 % , China will avoid economic over-heating yet still enjoy sustainable high growth .
To be sure , both economic development and institutional reforms may cause instability .
There may be other factors that could slow down or interrupt China 's growth .
The same logic can be applied to the US economy , but in the opposite way : even if the US wants to consume a lot and does not save , it may not run trade deficits if it does not invest much .
Without relatively high savings , a developing country like China may never catch up .
If a developing country has high savings -LRB- despite efforts to increase current consumption -RRB- as a result of structural factors , the best strategy is not to reduce savings through short-run `` external shocks , '' such as dramatic exchange-rate appreciation , which may kill export industries overnight .
High domestic investment may for the time being prevent `` surplus savings '' from creating too much upward pressure on the external balance , but , given trends in China 's terms of trade , growth without an increase in domestic consumption is unsustainable over the long run .
High investment may cause economic overheating and increase the price of capital goods in the medium term , eventually triggering inflation .
Meanwhile , China 's so-called `` export-oriented growth policy '' itself may not be wrong for a developing country , because international trade in general creates more jobs and brings more income .
But in modern industrial , urban , and market-based societies , what may matter increasingly are transport costs , which means that geography can cause deep regional inequalities .
China may have more and larger high-tech and service industries -- sectors that do not depend so heavily on transport -- in the future .
Thus , regional disparities in terms of economic prosperity may never narrow ; indeed , they could often widen .
Such investments may not be as profitable as in other regions , but they should be regarded as public goods intended to equalize conditions for growth .
But I believe that other factors are also essential One-factor mobility may work well in a theoretical model , but in the dynamic real world , if the income gap can not be narrowed rapidly enough , conditions that serve to enlarge the gap -- such as unfavorable geography -- may come to dominate .
The infamous `` Hukou '' system -LRB- the resident registration system that restricts migration -RRB- may not be abolished overnight , but will be phased out step by step .
That , in turn , may cause higher investment or asset bubbles , as businesses seek to reinvest their savings somewhere .
The former earn an annual salary -LRB- including fringe benefits ! -RRB- totaling $ 2,000 ; the later may earn only half that .
Geographical differences and government social policies that have been more favorable to urban and industrial sectors may be also be to blame .
The old generation of farmers may stay put , but younger generations will continue to leave the land , creating a seemingly infinite supply of labor , which suppresses wages in all industries and services for lower-educated workers .
Indeed , the situation may worsen for another decade or two before it improves .
Government subsidies may -LRB- temporarily -RRB- redress income disparity in a developed country where farmers account only for 2 % of the labor force , or in a country in which low-income groups count for only 10 % of the total population .
All the lessons from developing countries from the 1950 's through the 1980 's , and recent lessons from some advanced developed countries , tell us that over-burdening social programs with too great a focus on redistribution may cause large fiscal deficits , debt crises , hyper-inflation , or financial meltdown , with the end result being not a narrowing of disparity but an enlargement .
This may result in `` extra reserves , '' which commercial banks can not use to extend their credit lines .
There may be room for further sterilization .
And now , with the Fed 's QE2 on the table , conditions may worsen before they improve .
The PBC may have to continue its sterilization for some time in the foreseeable future .
But , although the hukou system may prevent rural people from enjoying some urban benefits and public services , such as public education , health care , or employment insurance , it has never kept rural laborers from moving into cities .
Though farm `` collectives '' have remained the owners of rural land , households may obtain all `` residuals '' of their production , which creates the necessary incentive to use land productively .
They may even transfer the lease to other farm households if their members find better jobs in the cities .
The small piece of land allocated under the rural household contract system may not make farmers rich , but it serves as a social safety net of last resort .
China 's new five-year plan for economic and social development , to be implemented starting in 2011 , may address the issue in a meaningful way , by aiming for the establishment of a national , universal , and portable social-security system .
The plan may also require city governments to increase the provision of public goods -- including education , health care , and a minimum level of income protection -- to non-hukou regular residents .
Urbanization in China may take generations to complete .
That may not be achievable overnight .
A candidate may promise more anti-dumping actions against Chinese goods , vow to press harder on China to change its exchange rate regime , or sharpen criticism of China 's weak enforcement of intellectual property rights ; but over-protectionism may make a candidate look irresponsible in 2004 .
The relative silence about China in the US these days may be due merely to the news dominance of the Iraq War .
Yet it may also indicate that America 's political elites are in the process of facing up to new realities and adjusting their view of China accordingly .
There is , however , a large difference between recognizing that change may be coming and making the necessary adjustments .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ' initiative to unite the Palestinian leadership may lead to greater moderation on the part of Hamas and create real prospects for the negotiation of a two-state solution .
Structural barriers do not represent the only problems of access to treatment in the health care system . Foreign-born patients may interrupt treatment due to lack of confidence in diagnosis and care , or they may ignore the more minor symptoms of the illness .
Patients who feel better after the initial treatment may also fail to complete therapy .
Unless we act to step up the fight against TB , many health-care systems may find themselves facing a less abstract problem : securing the economic resources and organizational capacity to ensure treatment for the growing number of patients who want and need it .
As a small group of countries increasingly accounts for the world 's remaining oil reserves , their market dominance may threaten the pace of investment .
It sometimes happens that a drastic action designed to prevent an unacceptable disaster may make the disaster worse .
Catastrophic disasters associated with climate change are easy to invent , but the effects of remedial actions may be difficult to predict .
President Bush has pushed stopping the spread of nuclear weapons to the top of the international agenda . Ironic , then , that America 's nuclear weapons development program may promote the very proliferation it seeks to prevent , as US Senator Dianne Feinstein explains .
Many of the actions of the American administration , and much of the US government 's rhetoric , may actually be increasing the threat from nuclear weapons rather than making the world safer .
If America does not , it may very likely encourage others to develop their own standards and their own nuclear arsenals .
Looking ahead , the saving rate may rise even further , and will , in any case , remain high for many years .
Some recent data suggest that the decline in house prices may be coming to an end .
But the recent data , while encouraging , may be the result of temporary factors rather than an indication that the fall in house prices has actually come to an end .
Moreover , a government program of subsidies to first-time homebuyers may have released a backlog of pent-up demand . And banks had a voluntary moratorium on foreclosures , holding supply off the market .
All of this may have caused a temporary improvement in house prices .
The recent rise in existing home sales in the US may also be misleading , since a large proportion are sales of foreclosed properties .
Some of those regulatory changes may be reversed , but Britain is unlikely to jeopardize an important component of its economy by returning to pre-Thatcher financial rules .
This is , of course , a formidable task that may have to be accomplished at a time when Congress opposes monetary tightening .
If the dollar is likely to fall against the euro over the next several years , investments in euro-denominated bonds issued by the German or French governments may provide higher safe returns .
The combination of credits from the other eurozone countries and lending by the IMF may provide enough liquidity to stave off default for a while .
But not all of the eurozone 's current members may be there a year from now .
For the rest , some mechanism of enhanced surveillance and control may be adopted to limit future fiscal deficits .
Every forecaster recognizes that the actual growth rate may be higher or lower than the number that he states .
The saving may be deposited in bank accounts or used to buy mutual funds or corporate stock .
Although the goods and services that travelers buy may cost less in the US than abroad , the overall price of American products is still too high to erase the enormous trade imbalance between the US and the rest of the world .
The Fed 's goal may be to stimulate domestic activity in the US and to reduce the risk of deflation .
Because this tax cut will take the form of lower withholding from weekly or monthly wages , it may seem more permanent than it really is , and therefore have a greater impact on spending than households ' very feeble response to the previous temporary tax changes .
A greater stimulus to business investment may come from the perception that Obama 's agreement to extend the personal-income tax cuts for high-income individuals signals his administration 's reduced antagonism to business and the wealthy .
And does artificial support for the bond market and equities mean that we are looking at asset-price bubbles that may come to an end before the year is over ?
This creates a strong incentive to default , because mortgages in the US are effectively non-recourse loans : the creditor may take the property if the borrower does n't pay , but can not take other assets or a portion of wage income .
CAMBRIDGE -- China 's government may be about to let the renminbi-dollar exchange rate rise more rapidly in the coming months than it did during the past year .
The renminbi prices of the Chinese manufactured products that are exported to the US may not have increased at all .
Indeed , the financial crisis has worsened in recent weeks , reflected in the US Federal Reserve 's takeover of quasi-government mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- which may cost American taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars -- as well as the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers and the sale of Merrill Lynch .
But there is a greater and more immediate danger : Even if Spain and Italy are fundamentally sound , there may not be two years to find out .
The eurozone 's politicians may learn the hard way that trying to fool markets is a dangerous strategy .
I may be too optimistic , but I think there is good reason to believe that the current budget stalemate reflects election posturing , and that the US political system will prove more effective at making progress on fiscal consolidation once the election is past .
But the current economic crisis may provide a severe test of the euro 's ability to survive in more troubled times .
The primary problem is that conditions in individual EMU members may develop in such different ways that some national political leaders could be tempted to conclude that their countries would be better served by adopting a mix of policies different from that of the other members .
Although that may or may not be economically sensible , a country in a severe economic downturn might very well take such a policy decision .
In a serious downturn , a country may wish to pursue a traditional Keynesian policy through large-scale , deficit-financed fiscal stimulus .
Although the Stability and Growth Pact may be elastic enough to permit some deficit stimulus , a country may feel constrained from acting as aggressively as it wants .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
A country that believes that monetary or fiscal policy is too tight may threaten to leave if policy is not changed .
Its pace of expansion may not reach the double-digit rates of recent years , but China in 2010 will probably grow more rapidly than any country in Europe or in the western hemisphere .
With the rise of the Tea Party , Republicans may rail against raising the debt ceiling , but they are likely to back down in the end , because , among other things , debt-funded wars -- say , in Afghanistan and Iraq -- are easier to defend than pay-as-you-go wars that voters must finance up front with taxes .
Indeed , the confrontation with the Iranians in Iraq is visibly intensifying , and it may be gathering strength elsewhere as well .
As with Iraq , America 's strength may be enough to start a war , but not to win it .
In accordance with the `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine , adopted unanimously by heads of state and government at the UN World Summit in September 2005 , if a state fails to meet this primary obligation , responsibility shifts to the international community , which may exercise various measures , including , if absolutely necessary , military force .
And , as history has shown , a change of style in foreign policy may quickly lead to a change in strategy .
Moreover , the critical hurdle will not be the negotiations , but rather implementation of whatever agreement may emerge -- and its political cost will be very high .
The emergence of the new Middle East may present an opportunity to establish a regional order that reflects the legitimate interests of all the actors involved , provides secure borders , and replaces hegemonic aspirations with transparency and cooperation .
Institutions , however , may be reformed if they no longer work , and this is exactly what the EU has been futilely trying to do for 20 years .
If Iran is serious , the result may be nothing less than the long awaited `` Grand Bargain '' -- a regional reconciliation of interests between Iran , on one side , and America , Europe , and the region 's US allies on the other .
The next war , terrorist attack , or failed peace initiative may lurk just around the corner .
This may seem impossible from today 's perspective , but appearances can deceive .
The EU 's eastern member states , in particular , must not lose their interest in Ukraine 's future , otherwise the Union as a whole may soon do the same .
A dangerous situation may well emerge , as this report threatens to derail the whole process .
This may sound simple , but it will have far-reaching consequences for the coming century 's international order .
As a result , while Merkel may appear to be in charge of things in the EU these days , in reality she is no longer driving events , but rather being driven by them .
On this new and permanent basis , they may find a solution for the Palestinian refugees and advance the cause of reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas .
Whatever mistakes Europe may have made vis-à-vis the region 's authoritarian regimes in the past , it can now correct them by providing decisive help .
The future may provide answers , but the political fallout is clear and the impact substantial .
The problem is that the French referendum on the EU constitution in 2005 vetoed further political integration , while further economic integration may now fail because of Germany .
Further aid packages for Greece may seem impossible to avoid , because the losses imposed on Greek debt holders have been too modest .
But within one or two decades maybe China will define the rules , if the US continues to reject its multilateral responsibilities .
But air strikes on Iran , which America may see as a military solution , would not make Iraq safer ; they would achieve exactly the opposite .
The mistake that the US may be about to make is equally predictable : a war that is wrong will not be made right by extending it -- that is the lesson of Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia .
As a result , taxpayers may need to pay twice , once for the bailout and again for the low-quality debt they have incurred during the bailout , as the austerity programs unveiled in Europe attest .
A moment of seeming political disunity , such as exists today , may not seem the right one to initiate such a project .
If the problem is excess saving , and if uncertainty erodes confidence , a massive injection of liquidity such as the ECB 's in response to the subprime crisis may be necessary but not sufficient .
A rate cut also may be required to restore confidence .
GENEVA -- Europe 's slow-motion sovereign-debt crisis may appear unique , but it is not .
A good example is whether a storeowner may shoot looters who are escaping with his goods .
After all , a woman may use deadly force to avoid being raped , even though the life of the aggressor , one would think , is worth more than the sexual integrity of the potential victim .
In the justification of armed conflict , everyone agrees that the defending state may use all necessary force to repel an aggressor .
Journalists on the ground would do well to inquire about the relevant military objectives rather than pass judgment on the basis of the numbers of civilians killed , which may have minimal relevance to legal analysis .
Israeli newspapers regularly carry stories about why Israel may need to attack Iran to prevent it from acquiring an arsenal of nuclear weapons .
Domestic police may be able to intervene to prevent crime before it occurs , but in the international arena there is no police force that can do that .
Some history may help here .
Jakes and Lenart may have sided with the Russian enemy in 1968 , but it is not clear what the state gains by beating a dead regime with yet another trial .
Germany 's experience with treason is rife with paradox but may point toward the future .
Complex definitions with built-in exceptions may make lawyers uncomfortable , but in the real world , they are perhaps the best we can devise .
But who may pick up the slack in providing global leadership ?
America may be damaged , but no replacement is on offer .
The coming recession may stem their growth temporarily , but only slightly .
But Iran has been forecast to develop the bomb for 20 years . People remain convinced that next year , or maybe the year after , the prediction will come true .
Iran may be capable of producing sufficient nuclear material to make one or two bombs within the next couple of years , but such activities would inevitably come into the open , because Iran would either have to enrich the uranium under the eyes of IAEA inspectors or expel them , giving the game away .
If we alter course , progress may still be possible .
Of course , after several years of such returns , Oz 's fund may grow enormously as new investors clamor for a piece of the action .
Oz may not be a crook ; he may merely think that the probability of the S&P plummeting is much less than 10 % .
It may seem plausible that a `` domestic retreat '' could be justified by a contracting range of opportunities in foreign markets , rather than by a desire to stabilize domestic economies .
E. B. Wilson , the proverbial giant of cell biology , had the last word , concluding in a brief paper following Rashevsky 's presentation that mathematics may be helpful in studying the growth of populations , but not individuals .
It is entirely plausible that 3 % of the population may have some smidgen of autism , but it is entirely implausible that so many would have symptoms severe enough to qualify as an autistic disorder .
Commodity bonds may offer a neat way to circumvent these risks .
The problem may be that there are not many investors who want to take a long position on oil and Nigerian credit risk simultaneously .
President Barack Obama 's instincts may be an exception here , but he is fighting powerful hidebound forces in the United States , as well as a demagogic populism , in the form of the Tea Party , that is far worse -- and that might defeat him in 2012 , seriously damaging America in the process .
America 's friends around the world watched with dismay the recent brawl in over raising the federal government 's debt ceiling , and the US Congress 's inability to come to anything like a balanced and forward-looking compromise .
If this forces America back towards what the international-relations scholar Joseph Nye calls `` soft power and multilateral diplomacy , '' it may well be a good thing .
Since they are being identified in normal individuals , CNVs may not necessarily be a direct cause of human disease , but many may confer susceptibility to certain diseases , serve as disease markers , and\/or indicate potential regions of genomic instability .
Brilliant minds do matter , but it is often inappropriate and unjust to limit recognition to so few , when so many extremely talented scientists may have contributed to a given breakthrough .
A patient may hear his own thoughts spoken aloud or hear voices discussing him .
This is not as startling as it may at first appear .
So politicians like Sarkozy may have grounds to argue that central banks should intervene to limit such swings .
When it comes to currency markets , parity levels based on international trade are merely one of many factors that traders may consider .
While movements in macroeconomic fundamentals may lead bulls to bid the value of a currency further above parity , they simultaneously become more concerned about a counter-movement back to parity -- and thus capital losses -- which moderates their desire to increase their long positions .
Our proposal to reduce - -- but not eliminate -- swings from parity recognizes that price fluctuations may be crucial for markets to ascertain the price of assets that promise an uncertain payoff .
As these downswings continue , there is a danger that they , too , may become excessive , dragging the financial system and the economy even deeper into crisis .
But it also recognizes that price swings can become excessive , in the sense that participants may bid asset prices far from levels that are consistent with their long-term values .
Rules that are beneficial in some circumstances may become counterproductive in others .
Such a system does not exist on a global scale today , which may explain how America got into such trouble .
The IRGC may have wanted some bargaining chips to help spring of its members captured in Iraq .
But the sheer increase in the number of university presidents drawn from business and industry implies that McDonald 's and MIT may , at least in principle , be judged according to the same operational and performance standards .
The influence may be regretted , but at least it is registered .
In the `` third culture '' best seller The Blank Slate : The Modern Denial of Human Nature , Steven Pinker says that we may need to admit a natural scientific basis for what humanists have for centuries called `` fate . ''
In other words , the configuration of our brains and genes may ultimately be out of our control , however deeply we come to understand them .
`` Welfare '' occupies a pride of place in the social sciences that humanists and natural scientists replace with `` survival '' and maybe even `` fortune . ''
The future of the social sciences may lie in rekindling this coalition of law and medicine and upgrading the artificial in a world that may have come to overvalue nature .
If the humanities have become obsolete , then it may be that humanity is losing its salience .
Indeed , universities may be the most consistently performing products of long-term capital investment , especially if one is inclined to think about social and economic `` investment '' in exactly the same terms .
China 's people and government are especially dismayed by the Mekong killings , which seemed to demonstrate , once again , the government 's inability to protect its citizens from being murdered abroad , despite the country 's newfound global status . As a result , two compelling questions have arisen : Why do China 's neighbors choose to neglect its interests ?
The alarming tendencies we are seeing today may be short-lived and with no serious consequences .
If , however , the authorities continue their efforts to destabilize the Russian economy , today 's disturbing tendencies may actually take root .
They may control the streets and monasteries , but they will never be able to control our hearts and our determination .
Monetary growth may increase inflationary pressures and the risk of an asset bubble down the road , but it helped ensure that China 's economy did not fall into a vicious downturn when the financial crisis hit .
No doubt , government macroeconomic management that is too strong may delay necessary market-oriented reforms .
A purely bilateral settlement of the dispute may no longer be in the cards for India and Pakistan .
Something more than rhetoric , however , may be hard to achieve as both Musharraf and Vajpayee face important constraints .
Finally , he may have to rein in Pakistan 's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency , a counterespionage and intelligence organization that remains in control of Pakistan 's clandestine operations within Indian-controlled Kashmir .
Thus , anything that may distract China from its focus on peace , stability , and development has been strongly resisted .
This may help explain why T3 in Beijing is such a success , and why Chinese are now more united than ever before in condemning attempts to hijack or sully the Olympics for ulterior motives .
I hope that when millions of overseas passengers pass through T3 , including those who do so during the Beijing Olympics , they will pause and reflect upon the distance China has traveled over the past three decades in its reform and opening to the outside world . Granted , China still has further to go , and many people may find fault with much in the country .
Although each krill may only grow to weigh about two grams , together they constitute one of the most abundant animal species on Earth .
But controlling the disease may prove to be a better strategy than striving to cure it .
Yet lessons learned in dealing with exotic species , combined with recent mathematical models of the evolutionary dynamics of tumors , indicate that eradicating most cancers may be impossible . Trying to do so , moreover , could worsen the problem .
Recent research suggests that efforts to eliminate cancers may actually hasten the emergence of resistance and tumor recurrence , thus reducing a patient 's chances of survival .
For example , to cope with toxic drugs , a cancer cell may increase its rate of DNA repair , or actively pump the drug out across the cell membrane .
But it may be time to temper our quest for magic bullets and recognize the cold reality of Darwin 's evolutionary dynamics . Medicine 's goal of a glorious victory over cancer may need to yield to our recognizing that an uneasy stalemate may be the best that can be achieved .
It may seem strange to describe the greatest financial crisis since the 1930 's as a symptom of a bigger problem .
This summer , St. Petersburg -LRB- dubbed by local wits `` St. Putinsburg '' -RRB- may see a repeat performance : Russia will preside over a G8 summit for the first time , despite increasing authoritarianism , the ongoing bloody war in Chechnya , and now support for Iran 's nuclear program .
It should become a principle of international relations that democracy and democratization must be supported in all situations ; that democratic societies should forego any opportunistic benefits that may come from supporting the enemies of democracy .
Democracy may carry certain short-term costs , but they are always lower than the long-term damage that comes from a lack of popular participation .
The time may not be ripe for a true European constitution , but confronting , rather than evading , the fundamental issues that the EU faces could create a context for reviving the constitutional treaty and preparing the Union for the challenges of our time .
The time may not have come for a true European constitution , but confronting , rather than evading , the fundamental issues that the EU faces could create the proper context for reviving the constitutional treaty and preparing the Union for the challenges of our time .
Enríquez-Ominami has the popularity and momentum to displace Frei from the run-off , but he may have a harder time defeating Piñera .
The real action may actually take place within the two political coalitions .
And Enríquez-Ominami may continue to build his new force at the expense of the Concertación .
Other tensions may erupt without the unifying incentives of power .
This may bode ill for traditional politicians of the right who have been waiting two decades for a chance in office .
One factor , however , may hold everything together : Bachelet can and may run again for president in 2013-2014 .
The Kuwaitis , along with the region 's other royal states -- Bahrain , Qatar , Oman , and the UAE -- may be the best bet to pursue a liberal approach , given the already tolerant nature of their kings and emirs .
But the Saudi establishment 's serious response to the May 2003 attack on a civilian compound in Riyadh at least gives a glimmer of hope that the al-Saud may see reform as their only hope of survival .
In other words , while South Asia 's economies have not underperformed on poverty reduction , merely matching global trends may not be enough for the region with the world 's largest concentration of poor people .
Here , a child may be used for agricultural labor or for janitorial work .
Other children load and transport items in the markets , where they must pull carts weighing 60-70 kilograms and carry boxes weighing 15 kilograms in temperatures of 50 degrees centigrade . Two children may unload a truck carrying 1,000 kilograms of food items .
Of course , in a `` real '' human being any number of these causes -- social , psychological , or genetic -- may be at work .
If there is a public health question here , it may well be a series of problems rooted in a faulty assumption : the growth of girth and its absolute relationship to ill health .
There was also mayhem following the Indian Ocean tsunami .
By demanding quantifiable results , donors may force program managers to choose easily achieved targets over less measurable actions that accord with sound humanitarian principles .
Or reporting about aid programs may be skewed to keep donor funds flowing .
Most of the deaths were from communicable diseases , which malnourished people may well have contracted after crowding into feeding centers .
Many people who survive an earthquake or a flood , for instance , may soon face another crisis if the disaster also destroys their only means of earning a living .
This may be about to change .
By highlighting positive models of judging and legal advocacy , the trials may stimulate public demand for domestic tribunals that dispense justice fairly and effectively .
On the contrary , it may have prompted the arrest of a lower-level indictee for crimes in Darfur .
On the one hand , the Court 's actions often have political consequences : however well-founded , accusing the leader of a rebel army may be seen as taking sides in a conflict .
The experience of other war crimes tribunals suggests that questions about political bias may take years to overcome .
The only positive result that may emerge from such a structural change could be that the number of anti-terrorist formations will grow .
Then the Americans offered Bakiyev $ 160 million a year , and now there may be no official base , but a `` transit center '' that serves the same functions .
This renews concerns that the country may not be able to avert a replay of the painful boom -- and-bust cycle such as the one it endured in the mid-1990 's .
But importing assistance may not only be less effective ; it might actually cause more damage in the long run .
Egyptian-born Sheik Hilaly , in Sydney , may have been verbalizing a latent sense of otherness and mistaking it for insight .
The jury is still out , but it may be that there is no safe level of exposure to many common radiations ; the more we are exposed , the more damage we do .
Conflicts may be inevitable ; wars are not .
Yet in a new context of scarcity , upstream infrastructure projects on international rivers may impact water quality or availability for neighboring states , thus causing tensions .
So a perceived failure may cause a massive , perhaps irreversible , loss of confidence in our politicians .
Decision-makers have not faced up to just how close the world may be to the climate `` tipping point . ''
We may debate the means by which it was pursued , and how successfully , but Russia 's `` existential '' challenges were largely overcome .
We have approached the point when the constitutional requirement of universal , free education may become a fiction .
The next few years may well determine if our shared dream of ridding the world of nuclear weapons will ever be realized .
This pitiful performance incites angry cries that American jobs are disappearing abroad , and that low-cost exports may result in deflation .
US budget deficits may have spared America and the world economy even worse performances over the past two years , but fixing what ails the US is now far more difficult .
The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country -- not even mighty America -- can devalue its way out of trouble .
The correct answer to the latter question -- as the IMF suggests -- may be the Ministry of Finance : the only sure way for Russia to reduce inflation and sustain growth is to maintain a sound fiscal policy .
Oil exporters may be relatively unaffected and may even benefit . This will depend on whether or not the slowdown results in open conflict that brings increased turmoil to Middle Eastern oil producers .
Some observers fear that the attacks in New York and Washington may act as a catalyst for American consumers , who have kept spending despite a recent parade of grim economic statistics , to finally tighten their belts .
Should a sharp downturn take place , it may still be argued that such a correction has been long expected , and that a sharp shock is preferable to a slow and agonizing adjustment .
Highly leveraged households will feel great pain , but this may have the merit of delivering a necessary market correction .
A sharp downturn therefore may provide the correction that everybody has been waiting for .
Oil prices stabilization , indeed , may only be vulnerable to a large-scale military action by the US .
The shame of Le Pen 's newfound prominence may yet prove beneficial if it forces the mainstream political establishment to heed popular concerns and address the country 's problems .
For others , weakness in the world 's big economies may be compounded by political risks .
Now the Erdogan government 's lukewarm support for US policy on Iraq exposes Turkey to doubts about America 's commitment to its economic well being , and global markets may question its ability to service its $ 100 billion public-sector debt in 2003 and 2004 .
The test of whether multilateral cooperation can be put back on track , and reconciled with America 's war against terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction , may come with Iraq 's reconstruction .
But the poisoned atmosphere that followed the UN debates on Iraq may prevent the US from getting its way here .
The damage to Russia 's economic growth prospects from the Yukos affair may yet prove temporary , barring a repeat performance with other companies .
Like all historical analogies , this one may prove flawed , but it is not absurd .
The fact that Facchinetti himself is the lynchpin of the canton 's open-minded views may be seen as a weakness , but it is also its strength .
Take-up has been slow , but the April 2006 surprise hike in bank rates may help to sow greater public awareness of interest-rate risk .
If we are lucky , Feng may be right .
European countries may stipulate other terms .
Markets may generate sufficient wealth to take care of these problems in the long run , but their magnitude demands action now , because sustained private-sector growth is dependent on an effective public infrastructure .
This means that the Irish government -LRB- maybe the next one -RRB- should demand that holders of bank bonds share the losses , perhaps by offering them a simple debt-equity swap .
It may also determine the future of the euro .
If they can not reform , France or Italy eventually may be tempted to renege on free movement of goods , services and labor -- and perhaps even abandon the euro -- with disruptive consequences for all members .
Even if a Palestinian state committed to peaceful coexistence were created , down the road Israel may be unable to avoid the fate of Northern Ireland .
Polarization may have proved functional to winning an election , but Humala will have to broaden his support in order to forge the consensus he needs in order to govern .
But that tailwind may have been squandered , because the Kirchners have yet to make the structural changes -- in industry , in the country 's energy policy , in education , and elsewhere -- needed to free Argentina from extreme dependence on commodity prices .
They may have lost authority , but without them nothing much happens in the EU .
If Sarkozy 's presidency has any relevance to Franco-German relations , it may be to reinforce the view that the EU needs new leadership , and that it must still be based on the founding partners .
Indeed , a Euro-Mediterranean and then Euro-African union may well be the only political project capable of preventing global rule by a G-2 of the United States and China .
Turkey 's seeming fall from grace with the US may turn out to be a blessing in disguise .
The Iraq war and the tortured diplomacy that led up to it may help resolve Turkey 's conflict between its `` strategic alliance '' with America and its drive to join the EU .
Instead , the EU kept Turkey waiting yet again , putting off formal negotiations that , in any case , may take years to complete .
The paradox is that , by maintaining a political distance and thus limiting Turkey 's options , Europe may end up reinforcing Turkey 's status as a military outpost of the US .
After the US military action in Iraq , the tables may be turning in surprising ways .
As America establishes itself in Iraq , Turkey 's geopolitical military significance may decline .
This shift in Turkey 's strategic role may also be reflected in a new domestic balance between the military and the forces pushing for reform .
With careful management , Turkey may find itself drawing closer to Europe , while rebuilding its relationship with America .
Perhaps it was just a matter of personality , or he may have been reflecting the shock and confusion that covered most of Istanbul after the blasts .
While a secularist coalition , mixing apples and oranges , may have declared war against a broad front of Islamic tendencies , the government , with its moral authority among the Muslim majority in Turkey , will be able to isolate the violent fringe and drive it into oblivion .
Some of those who brought the world to this perilous point with their toxic financial instruments and unscrupulous speculation may even turn out to profit from these reforms .
Observational studies that compare outcomes for patients who receive particular treatments and control subject who do not rank higher , but may still be misleading .
Principles of evidence-based medicine have transformed the way we look at clinical interventions and may prevent repetitions of public-health disasters such as the inappropriate promotion of hormone replacement therapy and anti-arrhythmic drugs .
Necessity may also lead to reducing or even eliminating sovereignty when a government , whether from a lack of capacity or conscious policy , is unable to provide for the basic needs of its citizens .
Five years may be too short a period for historians to judge the full significance of the event , but it does offer an opportunity to take stock .
It may reflect the ouster of the government of Afghanistan and the elimination of al-Qaida 's safe haven there .
And as the recent arrests in London suggest , it is also possible that the desire of some terrorists to accomplish something more dramatic than the 9\/11 attacks may have complicated their ability to implement their plans and increased the prospect that they will be detected .
Establishing a large , standing international force under the UN 's control is not feasible and may not be optimal .
The 1990 's may have been a lost decade , but Japan 's economy has begun to recover , now growing at more than 2 % a year and boasting several firms that are truly global and hugely successful .
It may be too late for the US to succeed in Iraq , but it is not too late for others to increase the odds that the US does not fail .
This may sound academic , but it is anything but .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas may want to sign a peace accord with Israel , but there is little evidence that he is in a position to do so .
The judgment by America 's intelligence community that Iran has suspended its nuclear weapon development program -- and , more importantly , that its large-scale uranium enrichment capacity is likely years away -- postpones the day when a US president may have to decide between living with or attacking a nuclear Iran .
Resisting the spread of nuclear weapons and unguarded nuclear materials may be as important as any other set of undertakings .
Multilateralism may have to be less comprehensive and less formal , at least initially .
The same is true of climate change : agreement on certain aspects of the problem -LRB- say , deforestation -RRB- or involving only some countries -LRB- the major carbon emitters , for example -RRB- may prove feasible , whereas an accord that includes every country and tries to resolve every issue may not .
This is less than optimal , but in a non-polar world , what is best may well prove the enemy of the possible .
Iran is another area where the differences -- at least initially -- may not be as sharp as the campaign suggests .
But this difference may have less impact than meets the eye .
Of these , Iran and its nuclear program may well constitute the Obama administration 's first foreign policy crisis .
The International Atomic Energy Agency just reported that Iran may well reach this point in 2009 .
The Iranian people may well choose leaders in their June 2009 elections who can deliver a much higher standard of living over those who would run the country into the ground .
Obama may have to choose between attacking Iran 's nuclear installations and living with an Iran that has the capacity to build a nuclear weapon in a matter of weeks .
This means that he will have to deal with a large number of threats , vulnerabilities , and independent actors who may resist bending to America 's will .
In the short run , we may well see climate-related concerns become the newest excuse for increased trade protectionism .
Assisting Iraq 's political regeneration may be the most difficult task , given the many religious , ethnic , geographic and political divisions that characterize Iraqi society .
The Obama administration may want to reconsider its commitment to leave and , instead , negotiate a new accord -LRB- one that would allow as many as 20,000 US troops to stay in Iraq for years to come -RRB- if and when a new Iraqi government emerges .
Sanctions may , however , persuade some other powerful constituencies within Iran , namely the clerics , the businessmen of the bazaar , and political conservatives , to turn on President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his Revolutionary Guard base .
While it may be difficult for people around the world to comprehend this , given the global reach of the United States , it is an undeniable fact .
Congress may also prove less willing to remove hurdles to Russia 's admission to the World Trade Organization , given what is widely judged to be its leaders ' anti-democratic behavior .
As 2011 begins , with 50,000 US soldiers still in Iraq and another 100,000 in Afghanistan , it may not look like that era is coming to an end .
A hybrid , caretaker government , including military and civilian elements , may be the best way forward . To slow the clock is not to stop it , however .
Terrorism must be stripped of any legitimacy that it may be viewed as having .
But what may be most important , particularly in the Arab and Islamic communities , is to end any acceptance of terrorism .
Iran is moving ever closer to developing nuclear weapons ; if it does , others may well follow suit .
While conservatism may claim a majority of the `` Arab street '' -LRB- and the Persian street -RRB- , this does not mean that violence and terrorism will inevitably rule the region .
Today , in a world changed by globalization , France must face the difficult challenge posed by its new immigrants : maintaining the principles at the core of French identity while meeting the desire of some of its new citizens to maintain their own identity , which may in fact oppose some of those principles .
Now , the largest banks are claiming significant increases in non-performing property loans , while the glut of new industrial capacity implies that some firms may not have adequate profits to service their debts .
China does not want its large current-account surplus to cause the currency to overshoot on the upside , and it may now want to slow the renminbi 's appreciation because of concern about the global economic slowdown .
If so , China would have to expand its foreign exchange reserves by another $ 300-400 billion , which would allow it to finance the large expansion in the US fiscal deficit . Recent slight declines in the value of the renminbi suggest that China 's exchange rate policy may be changing following its 20 % appreciation of the currency since July 2005 .
Let 's focus instead on what may happen if the law changes as the referendum proposes .
Use may not increase immediately , but it will over time , because marijuana will become more freely available , much cheaper -LRB- in order to discourage the persistence of a black market -RRB- , and its use will be implicitly condoned .
If current estimates are correct , around 10 % of users -LRB- and one in six who start in adolescence -RRB- may become dependent on marijuana -- that is , find it difficult to control or discontinue their use .
Experience with alcohol suggests that these approaches may modestly reduce , but not eliminate , the harms associated with use , especially if sellers are allowed to promote their wares .
We Europeans may proudly say that we have a single financial market , but it is configured for good times only .
Many of the decisions to be taken by the new European institutions may imply costs that will emerge only much later .
How disturbing , then , that these institutions ' powers may be increased still further .
The three new agencies will not only enforce common technical standards , which may eventually become binding throughout the EU if endorsed by the European Commission , but will also be allowed to settle disputes between national supervisors .
For example , if a poorer member country undergoes a period of real convergence and has a temporary current-account deficit -- as is usual in such cases -- it may be punished for not being sufficiently `` harmonized . ''
Cypriot presidential elections this month may give a second term to Tasos Papadopoulos , the Greek Cypriot leader who led the `` No '' campaign in the 2004 reunification referendum .
There may have been some truth to this in the past , although never to the extent that many Cypriots believe .
It may also be constructive to take advantage of transitional provisions linked to Turkey 's EU accession .
Communication may be instant , but , with no coherent animating ideology , the revolution proceeds in slow motion .
The question may seem absurd on its face , given the huge differences between two western democracies and a Middle East theocracy .
The neo-cons are also gleeful as they suspect that the road towards `` regime change '' in Iran may opened , because , with a hardliner as president , American and Western opinion may now find subversion or military strikes much more palatable .
Its roots , its justifications and its results may vary enormously .
What was good for our ancestors may not be good today .
O'Neill 's policies and statements may well discourage these long-term efforts , by needlessly aggravating the short-term pain such reforms inevitably entail .
Unlike many Western politicians who insincerely seek to placate Russia , supposedly in the interests of peace and friendship , I believe that friendship with Russia is served best if we act towards it as equals and tell the truth to its face , unpleasant as this may be .
NATO membership carries obligations , because situations may arise -- and we have already experienced them -- when NATO follows a United Nations appeal and conducts an out-of-area military intervention where , for example , genocide is being committed .
Of course , without universal and coordinated international political , economic , and media support for these brave monks , all development in Burma may quickly be put back nearly 20 years .
Burma 's rulers have failed in their duty to protect the Burmese people , but active and decisive political action by the international community towards the regime may yet do so .
But his courage and example may help to accelerate the dawn of the day when China 's participation in international affairs is aided by the expertise and oversight of civil-society groups , an independent media , and an engaged citizenry able to express its views through the ballot box .
Because Japan is a rich country , some people may be tempted to view it as being in a position to undertake most of the effort to rebuild on its own .
Thus , while the use of PARP inhibitors to treat established tumors may be feasible within a few years , we could have to wait at least a decade before a prophylactic treatment for inherited breast cancer is widely available .
Unlike the American President , who may seek votes to support his policies even from the opposing party in Congress , a German Chancellor promises not to govern by seeking the votes of opposition party members .
The coalition partners party institutions may exert massive influence over planned reforms , even to the point of stopping them .
`` Copenhagen 1 '' was always bound to fail , partly because -- and this may sound strange at first -- it is all about climate change .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Dropping bombs as a solution to the world 's trouble spots may be falling out of fashion -LRB- with the notable exception of Libya -RRB- , but finger wagging is definitely back in .
In many cases , the cohesiveness of opposition movements that come to power in the wake of a political upheaval may not be what the international media presume it to be .
Indeed , some components of these so-called `` democratic coalitions '' may not be democratic at all .
Corruption , for example , may have cultural antecedents and is part and parcel of institutional weakness .
After 78 days in 1999 , Serbia 's Slobodan Milosevic gave up , while Libya 's Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi has yet to get the message -- and may in fact be getting the wrong message .
They may also suggest a slight tendency , on the part of those uttering them , to believe in some kind of supernatural endorsement .
As a result , certain groups of neurons , such as those responsible for producing and perceiving language , may begin to function autonomously , beyond the control or influence of other brain systems .
Third , heightened emotions may play a role in producing voices .
The brains of schizophrenia sufferers may be vulnerable to becoming `` stuck '' in these hallucinatory states .
The possibility that the Palestinians are capable of deliberate decisions , that they have adopted policies which may have contributed to the current situation , or that they have exercised their own forms of power and violence , is , in this framework , never admitted .
But their main effect may be an erosion of reasoned debate and civil conduct , without which democracy is powerless against the forces of polarization and extremism .
Pressuring rickety states may cause their collapse , leaving militant Islam to pick up the pieces .
Pakistan is usually mentioned first in this context because many fear that the Pakistani army may break up and a fundamentalist regime may emerge , allied with the Taliban , and possessing nuclear weapons .
These regimes may collapse under the onslaught of aroused populations if they show themselves to be the toys of an arrogant US regime .
Obligatory consultation with independent and informed people may be annoying , but it can avert misunderstandings and accelerate the painful process of correcting blunders .
America 's strategic myopia may well provide bin Laden and his kind with a fresh flood of recruits and make Pakistan , the Islamic world 's only nuclear-armed state , ungovernable .
Although Pakistan will publicly resist this demand , it may secretly agree to allow installation of cameras and various sensing devices in these nuclear facilitiesinstallations .
Millions may have been made homeless .
Pervez Musharraf 's Minions of Terror After his ill-advised dismissal of the chief justice of Pakistan 's Supreme Court ignited a firestorm of violent protests , President General Pervez Musharraf may be banking on Islamic fanatics to create chaos in the nation 's capital , Islamabad .
When Musharraf exits -- which may be sooner rather than later -- he will leave a bitter legacy that will last for generations , all for a little more taste of power .
It is becoming clear that no achievement , regardless of how great it may be , can justify the human cost that the Iraqi people paid over the last four decades .
They may be right .
But if it is always regarded as relevant , the worst damage may be avoided .
I do n't want to reach the destination that some of our partners may aspire to . But I do n't want to block their way .
Liu Liang may have been just a working-class kid , but there was wisdom in his words that there is still a `` silent majority '' who can affect the workings of China 's fragile society .
That award comes at a crucial moment in Chinese politics , as it may well become a stepping stone on China 's long march toward greater freedom .
The EU 's Turn in Afghanistan Time is running out for success in Afghanistan . The NATO summit in Riga of November 28-29 may be the last chance to pull that country back from the brink .
The country had a total population of 26.8 million , and now nearly 13 % of them are displaced ; many may never return .
On a 25 mile stretch of road between the southern cities of Kismayo and Jilib , there are at least 35 checkpoints manned by armed men who take $ 50 to $ 200 from passing travelers .
In this quintessential `` failed state , '' this sort of elders ' wisdom may be the only option to start dealing with the quagmire created by the lawlessness that has gripped the country since the departure of the dictator Said Barre in 1991 .
It may sound strange , but from the point of view of a humanitarian relief agency , it is not important on whose territory civilians in need are , as long as there is access to them .
This month 's elections in Iraq and for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority may be claiming all the world 's headlines , but another potentially far-reaching ballot is also underway , albeit to far less acclaim : the registration process for the municipal elections in Saudi Arabia in mid-February .
As the heartland of some of the strongest Islamist forces anywhere , this Saudi effort -- if successful and a harbinger of other needed changes -- may have an even more profound impact than the elections in Iraq and Palestine .
In my view , we may be witnessing the emergence of Muslim democratic parties , much like the rise of Christian Democratic parties in Europe in the years after World War II .
Too much bombing and the proxy breaks through to commit mayhem .
At the moment , there are hundreds , possibly thousands of Special Forces units on the ground , and they may be just sufficient to spot targets for the US Air Force and to act as a restraint on the essentially lawless troops of the Alliance .
But depending on proxies puts the principal agent 's fate in the hands of people who may not define victory as the principal agent does : an Afghanistan rebuilt on solid political foundations and free of terror .
But I fear that the steps needed to emulate Estonia 's achievements may not be very welcome elsewhere in the EU .
Reforms will take time , and the old bureaucracies may not be able to implement them .
But even with proper statistical testing , many tens of thousands of these biological factors may seem to be important due to mere chance . Only a handful of them really will be .
For molecular research , in the absence of extensive replication , the refutation rate may occasionally exceed 99 % .
But we should get used to understanding that some research findings have very low credibility , while others may be more likely to stand the test of time .
Scientists themselves may be able to ascribe these levels of credibility to their own work in fairness , if they describe in detail what they set out to do , and how they did it .
On the contrary , the cases identified so far may be only the tip of the iceberg , with a much larger number of asymptomatic infections posing a risk to public health through secondary transmission .
Some have excellent infrastructure at their disposal , while their international competitors may have to contend with constant power cuts .
Risk-averse investors may now demand higher risk premia for buying bonds from countries seen as weak debtors .
In America 's presidential campaign -- and , sadly , within Iraq itself nowadays -- the Iraq War may not be surrounded by a bodyguard of lies , but it has certainly picked up a vast entourage of partisan half-truths , cynical indifference , and uninformed stubbornness .
The new Shia elites who control Iraq have emulated their allies in Iran , creating a system that effectively chooses which of their rivals may constitute a `` legitimate '' opposition and which may not participate in the political process .
Now the Europeans are setting up a European Monetary Fund -- a nickname that Europeans may oppose -- in cooperation with the IMF .
Even the European Monetary Fund may not be enough to save the day then , because those now on the side of the rescuers would become those in need of rescue .
If they yield to it , the Chinese economy , they argue , may fall into the same deflationary trap that ensnared Japan after the yen 's appreciation in the 1980 's -- under US pressure -- inflated a catastrophic asset-price bubble .
But if they continue to resist , China may face hot trade disputes with the US , which could be even messier .
But there is a more fundamental issue : the Chinese authorities , in arguing that it was a mistake to allow the yen to appreciate , may be misinterpreting what happened in Japan -- and thus overestimating the risk posed by currency appreciation .
So the agreement may legitimize and produce an arms race in South America , which is in no one 's interest .
Another unexpected consequence of the US-Colombia military agreement may be a further heightening of tensions between Venezuela and Colombia .
But two connected and major challenges lie ahead for Brazil and its government : the need to build a far more equal society and to resist the temptation to use nationalism to mask whatever domestic failures may manifest themselves .
Zhao 's campaign had been based on the widespread belief in China that while local officials or individual businesspeople may engage in venal or criminal activities , the central government , once informed of the truth , will see to it that justice is done .
The realization that leaders are likely to step down some day may also make potentially militant groups more patient .
For their members , international competition is a major threat as imports or immigrants may cut the wages of less skilled workers .
But even this may not be enough , because each legal reform is answered by entrepreneurial ingenuity on the part of those who want to circumvent the new restraints .
First , the core of Weber 's argument was that religious values that emphasize restraint and a sense of duty may support dependability and reliability in business relations , which is especially vital in societies that are just opening up market relations .
That may be the case , and it may be a tempting argument to make in authoritarian societies that are unsympathetic to beliefs that challenge their own legitimacy .
By reviving the debate over `` Asian '' values , Fujiwara 's book may contribute to a similar mistake .
The recent era of global finance -- maybe we can already possibly speak of it as being past -- differed from the financial surge of a century ago .
But there may have been too much innovation to digest .
As the financial sector continues to shed labor in 2009 , we may well find that slimmed-down finance turns out to be better finance .
German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrück recently said that Marx 's answers `` may not be irrelevant '' to today 's problems .
Its inadequacy may lead to the formulation of a much older answer : revulsion against the market economy , accompanied by indiscriminate condemnation of debt and debt instruments .
By contrast , in a company whose business is financial intermediation , millions of judgments are made independently , and their implications may be serious enough to threaten the entire firm .
The G-20 summit has thus created enormous expectations that internationalism may once again overcome a plethora of economic problems .
The participants at the 2009 summit may not visit the Geological Museum , but they will have to deal with the specter of conferences past , for the failure in 1933 offers important lessons for our current leaders .
Throughout the meeting , participants will be waiting for the moment when one of the leaders -LRB- maybe Angela Merkel -RRB- loses patience and makes the obvious and true remark that the process is a waste of effort .
Both the institutional and the behavioral responses to a crisis are fundamentally problematical . The search for technical solutions leads to political polarization , and may produce stalemate .
The problem is that asset prices and consumer-price inflation may move in different directions , as they did in the 2000 's , and that weighing both factors would produce inconsistent policy recommendations .
This service economy may generate higher levels of overall well-being if it emphasizes that humans do not exist as separate islands , but existentially depend on their relations with others .
Doing so may feel good in the short term , but it merely destroys wealth and undermines job creation everywhere .
But , while the results of the tests may be good for the financial sector , they may be bad for the real economy .
As in the 1970 's , there are more links than may at first appear between the apparently new problems of 2010-2011 .
That may have been plausible , but the two banks also wanted to demonstrate publicly that they had better balance sheets than their weaker rivals .
And it may be that Europe -- because of its relative prosperity -- is less in a mood for the biblical seven lean years than was a much poorer Latin America in the 1980 's .
They may have even calculated that his private life might cause a stir in a country that is both more prudish and prurient than France .
They are vulnerable to an Arab Spring -LRB- and a British summer -RRB- -- and maybe to a US autumn that will focus not just on the Murdochs ' business , but also on its interplay with politics .
But , whatever his motives , the anxiety that led up to Argentina 's last minute deal with the IMF to repay $ 3.1 billion owed the global lender may serve to help to rescue what capitalism is really about : the appropriate judgment of risk .
Argentina 's current actions may drive us back to the 19th century more quickly than some investors would like .
Its strong point is that it aims to be there in the future , while a company with a more flexible ownership structure may more easily disappear .
Europeans may be more cheerful , believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world , but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class .
Before then , profound inequalities between China 's poor countryside and its dynamic industrial centers will generate tensions , which may be increased by the gender imbalance -- young men greatly outnumber young women .
In fact , US and British troops may have only themselves to blame .
Drifting sand may frequently tip the balance to unsustainability , threatening the livelihoods of entire districts .
The Iraq war emissions may therefore reach the equivalent of three months of normal global civilian release .
Destroyed water and wastewater treatment facilities , use of depleted uranium in anti-tank missiles , and ground water contamination may well lead to a host of other problems .
Tsunamis may make small , low islands uninhabitable .
Wildlife may fare better than the physical environment .
It may seem cruel or cold-hearted to focus on such environmental outcomes in the wake of vast human loss and suffering .
In his later work , Darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important , but which has received much less attention : mating preference , or sexual selection .
The poet , painter , and singer may think they do what they do for more high-minded reasons , but scientists know otherwise .
Some part of it will float on the surface , but parts may also form plumes at different depths in the water mass .
In India , smoking triples the risk of death from tuberculosis in men and women and may even contribute to the spread of tuberculosis to others .
Publishing articles on the Internet can amount to `` committing an offense , '' and `` radical views '' may result in imprisonment .
But once someone 's fingertips touch the keyboard , the `` Kitchen Table Democracy '' of the Web no longer exists -- he or she may find themselves stepping into a trap , because the Internet Police monitor every word that is typed .
Like the Berlin Wall , China 's Internet restrictions may be technically sound , even as they defend the indefensible and sustain the unsustainable .
While Fukuda has made it clear that he will not visit the Yasukuni Shrine , 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month , an indication that conservative forces in Japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting Yasukuni .
Doing everything possible to avoid a repeat of the 1989 scenario may well be the Communist Party leadership 's top priority in 2009 .
Though largely discredited inside the country , this militant movement still has a following around the world , and further protests may come at any time and in unpredictable forms .
So the key issue for China , its neighbors , the US , and rest of the world is not how many aircraft carriers , missiles , submarines , and next-generation fighters China may produce and deploy in the coming years and decades .
China Unbound Sydney -- The appointment of five provincial-level Chinese Communist Party chiefs in early December is a reminder that the ascension of China 's next generation of leaders , who will take power in 2012 , may be the most significant development in Chinese politics since Deng Xiaoping 's reign begin in 1978 .
And this leaves out government spending that may be needed for further recapitalization of Greek banks .
There may be some temporary positive impact on demand , or higher interest rates could offset the entire fiscal push -- rates on the benchmark 10-year Treasury bond are up significantly from a month ago -LRB- from 3.21 % to 4.16 % -RRB- , when the discussion of tax cuts began in earnest .
In this environment , a further fiscal stimulus may prove counterproductive , with the extra spending counterbalanced by the negative effect on the housing market of higher interest rates .
The Euro Zone 's Default Position WASHINGTON , DC -- Kazakhstan may be far removed from the euro zone , but its recent economic experiences are highly relevant to the euro 's current travails .
Some form of default will almost surely be forced upon Greece , and this may be the most preferable alternative .
Think about the critical moment of decision -- when a megabank , like JP Morgan Chase -LRB- with a balance sheet of roughly $ 2 trillion -RRB- , may be on the brink of failure .
He or she may have promised , even in public , that creditors would face losses , but on the edge of the precipice , which way will you , the beleaguered adviser , urge the president to go ?
But , report or no report , the danger that Iran will acquire nuclear weapons is real , and may even have increased .
Tea Party candidates have even hinted that armed resistance to the US government may soon be justifiable .
Glenn Beck 's assault on Soros -- and the unmistakable stench of its atrocious antecedents -- suggests what sort of revolution they may have in mind .
Although America and the West may have felt as if jihadist terrorism was declining in its ferocity , in Afghanistan , Pakistan , and India , no such feeling of false security ever took hold .
But the US , let alone the Pakistani government , may not have the will to act with such determination .
Ancient rivalries and atavistic feuds may or may not be part of this ; only future crisis will tell .
Mao 's hundred flowers may have bloomed only briefly , but today 's myriad species of Weltpolitik are certain to bloom perennially .
This is the real challenge , and although it may prove ambitious , many countries will arrive at the Cancún conference with renewed hope for the future , thanks to the progress made since Copenhagen .
In economic terms , the `` informal institution of sharing '' may become a disincentive to invest and thus result in opportunistic behavior , because there is no obligation to reciprocate .
Indeed , one of the most difficult tasks for policymakers is to identify correctly those institutions that are conducive to development and those that may be harmful .
In some cases , good intentions may even aggravate the status quo .
Thus , those who benefit from reforms may champion the process , but losers must be adequately compensated in order to prevent them from resisting the transformation .
What the North African situation has taught us is that we must humbly accept that we may not always have had the right responses in the past .
Nevertheless , this is a very serious moment for Turkey , because it may mark the country 's transit from decades of military tutelage of its civilian politicians -- and thus complete its transition to full-fledged democracy .
Poor voters may not associate the largesse with the Congress-led government in New Dehli , but rather with the state governments that actually hand out the goods .
But the BJP may well win India 's national elections next spring , and has pledged to bring back POTA , or something even more draconian .
Unfortunately , however , the economic trajectory that Congress is plotting , though it may well boost growth in the short term , is ultimately on a collision course with both equity and sustainability .
We may get a better picture of China 's public health system as a result of the SARS crisis , but when it comes to the country 's political health , there is little to suggest that criticism will be tolerated or opposition allowed .
Every Japanese citizen may have his or her own opinion , but a clear majority appear to agree that Japan must become a prominent nation in promoting international and regional security , as well as economic growth .
That Prime Minister Abe and Chinese President Hu Jintao agreed that a North Korean nuclear test `` can not be tolerated '' suggests that this new activism may help to stabilize Asian security .
Abe 's government may also review to increase the number of staff to which the assistants are entitled .
Nevertheless , subtle differences among these countries may influence their bilateral cooperation or coordination with the UN or the US .
Various approaches may be available for building a coalition of such powers , including the use of the UN and seeking to influence US foreign policy .
To advance such efforts , it may be necessary for mid-level powers such as Japan , Canada , Australia , and Germany to strengthen ties with other like-minded mid-level countries that possess nuclear weapons and hold permanent seats on the UN Security Council , such as the United Kingdom and France , or with smaller nuclear powers without permanent Security Council seats , such as India .
And the so-called `` three principles on arms exports '' have placed absurd limits on what may be sold or supplied abroad , as even flying boats used for sea rescue have been viewed as banned from export .
More generally , the government may now review requests for weaponry from friendly governments on a case-by-case basis , according to whether the sale risks instigating or fueling international conflicts .
If China 's naval growth continues at its current pace , it may have the world 's largest naval force by 2020 .
Indeed , he has sued the very prosecutor in whose hands his current extradition now rests -- an act that may be jeopardizing his right to a fair hearing .
Clearly , liberalism may be a contributing factor , if and where it is primitively understood to entail for the individual no countervailing obligations before society .
China 's economic growth may slow as its exports to the US and Europe weaken , but it is less dependent on these markets than most people assume .
Millions of families will be divided , and millions of people who work on the other side of the border may lose their jobs .
Some may , but it seems that the majority simply do not recall or consider the lessons of recent history .
But the end of confrontation in Europe may be proving only temporary .
Once the legacy of confrontation inherited from the twentieth century has been overcome , perhaps deep cuts in the Russia and US nuclear arsenals may become possible , together with coordination of military-strategic policies .
We might then eventually recognize that eliminating nuclear weapons is not just a myth , but a harmful myth , and that nuclear weapons are a useful asset that has saved , and may continue to save , humanity from itself .
Russian and Chinese strategists assume that part of their countries ' nuclear potential may be targeted at the other side .
A struggle for preserving the vestiges of greatness may be a worthy goal ; perhaps France , a country richer than Russia , can afford these objectives .
But while supporting the new Iraqi government , Russia should not break off contacts , if they still exist , with moderate members of the Baath party , many of whom may come back to power .
The world might not support the US in its unilateral attempts to become the world 's policeman , especially because they may well bring more instability .
The UN can not be preserved and reformed without cooperation from the US , however distressful this may be to some .
In any case , one thing seems certain : in the absence of a sweeping overhaul , the UN may quickly follow in the footsteps of other institutional relics of the Cold War , such as the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and NATO .
But , as the IMF programs for Latvia and Ukraine suggest , the main difference may only be a smile .
People are often surprised and dismayed at their ignorance , but we are not generally bad at estimating how much we know .
For example , we may think that we understand the mind much better than we do when we see images of glowing brain regions .
There may be a silver lining to our inflated sense of understanding .
The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed .
It would perhaps be better if we recognized the limits our own explanatory ability , but there may be some adaptive value of those limits as well .
If he does n't , and if no younger candidate emerges , the youth bloc in Iran 's electorate may have nowhere to turn .
At a time when the Islamic Republic has failed in its economic and political promises to the Iranian people , the regime 's most glaring weakness may prove to be the absence of a credible religious authority that can justify its shortcomings .
The Decline of Ahmedinejad Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad may be gaining support across the Muslim world for his fervent criticism of the United States , but inside Iran , he is losing strength .
Steps like these may have been overlooked in better economic times .
Ahmedinejad may be making increasingly challenging statements , but he does not have the authority to act on them .
The next president may have room to adjust economic or social policies .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Though Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir is alive and well in Washington , the plot to assassinate him may have succeeded -- if its aim was not to kill al-Jubeir , but rather Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy .
Whatever anthem , old or new or none at all , under which these things appear will be deemed suitable , and maybe even be sung .
In Western Europe , Japan , and the United States , places where individuality lost its novelty long ago and where the managerial spirit and mass commerce flourish , this sameness may be something to debate .
If the Russian-Western alliance fails to bring tangible benefits to Russia soon , there is a growing fear that the loss of confidence in Putin may weaken him fatally .
Putin may well be as isolated as my grandfather Nikita Khrushchev was in 1964 , when Leonid Brezhnev organized his palace coup against him .
A rail link between South Korea and Siberia , to carry Korean and Japanese goods west and Russian resource exports east , may be but one positive result of any successful deal he may broker on the Korean peninsula .
But whether Putin is master of this system or its prisoner - a tsar or a doge - is something even he may not know .
Putin 's assessment of US unilateralism -LRB- if stripped of its overheated rhetoric -RRB- may be correct ; the trouble is that he lacks credibility to extol moderation in foreign policy .
Angela Merkel , Nicolas Sarkozy , and Gordon Brown appear to have a clearer appreciation of the Union 's security problems to its east , and so may find the will to act decisively now , rather than dither as their predecessors did when Ukraine moved into crisis in 2004 .
After all , Putin had been a protegé of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
But democracy required an election , and many now argue that the current mayor , Michael Bloomberg , has performed even better than Giuliani might have done in reviving the city .
There is hope , however slight , that , unlike Putin , Medvedev may mean what he says .
His non-KGB , non-military background suggests that his conception of the rule of law may not be entirely shaped by a cynical love of power .
So it is no surprise that the Beijing Games may resemble the hubristic Games that beguiled the Führer and enthralled the German masses in 1936 .
Capital began to flee the country , which may not have mattered had the world economy not tanked in September .
Moreover , with animosity between East and West at their highest since the Cold War 's end , Russia 's trading partners are anxiously looking for other options , which may mean that Putin has damaged Russia 's long-term prospects for an export-led recovery as well .
Buildings , fashions , and even regimes -LRB- at least in name -RRB- may change , but the country 's core , its secret-police-state legacy , is never far from the surface .
Ukrainian Democracy and Its Cynics MOSCOW -- `` A pox on both your houses '' may be an appropriate individual response to frustration with the political candidates on offer in an election .
A victory for Yanukovich now may be the last free vote Ukraine sees for a long time .
When the pilot of the presidential plane -LRB- ironically , again , Soviet made -RRB- was advised not to land in the thick fog , either he , or perhaps even the president himself , may have mistrusted the Russians ' willingness to give honest advice .
Indeed , they may well have wondered if the cunning ex-KGB men around Putin simply wanted to make Kaczynski 's Katyn commemoration a mockery ?
MOSCOW -- Russian President Dmitri Medvedev 's decision to fire Moscow 's long entrenched mayor , Yuri Luzhkov , is the most decisive move he has made in his presidency .
The Kremlin recently ran on its TV channels documentaries savaging Luzhkov , and Medvedev has indicated that it 's high time for the mayor to retire .
After all , it was under his -LRB- unlikely disinterested -RRB- supervision that the mayor turned Moscow into a private fiefdom .
Since Putin did not formally take sides over what would happen to Luzhkov , had Medvedev 's campaign against Moscow 's former mayor failed , the president would have found himself without a job in 2012 .
After all , Putin knows well the old Soviet playbook : the fate of previous KGB functionaries may await him .
If he does n't step down or aside so that Russia can move forward , the system he has created may turn his own methods against him .
It means sticking to principles , but also attempting to understand the other side , however irrational or intransigent it may sometimes appear .
Maybe it works , maybe not .
They may struggle to find proper nutrition and work long hours in factories and fields until the day they go into labor .
United Nations teams fear that the actual number of deaths and current infections may in fact be up to twice as high .
Admirable as these collective efforts may be , they are simply not sufficient .
The global food crisis will not go away by itself . It may now have faded from the headlines .
You may imagine , then , the powerful memories that I felt when I visited the Mwandama Millennium Village in the deeply impoverished southern African country of Malawi .
The financial crisis may slow this trend . But capital will continue to flow into green ventures .
Greater female representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on `` female '' policy priorities , but in India , village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water , better immunization coverage and roads , and less bribery .
There may be some losses from electing women because they tend to have less political experience than men , but the record in India suggests that if it took 20 years to establish a 30 % share of women in local positions in other countries , the benefits would be at least double the costs of achieving this .
While the individual companies that provide the higher-priced `` green '' energy may do well , the net economic effect will be negative .
The Court declined to adopt a categorical rule barring such executions when it last heard the issue , but it acknowledged that a `` national consensus against execution of the mentally retarded may someday emerge . ''
For Ernest Paul McCarver , an adult with the mind of a ten-year-old , whether and how President Bush reconciles his contradictory statements may well be a matter of life or death .
Vietnam 's strategic position -- as a neighbor of China , situated parallel to the great sea trade routes of Asia -- always made the country tremendously important , which may be one reason why its anti-colonial wars lasted so long .
The third and seemingly scariest component of Hwang 's formula , militarism , may in fact prove to be the system 's Achilles heel .
In 2011 we may begin to see whether those incentives lead China 's rulers to re-appraise their diplomatic conduct , which has left them with only the corrupt , basket case economies of Burma and North Korea as reliable friends in Asia .
This lack of clarity may become particularly troublesome should China 's leaders underestimate the enduring quality of America 's Asian commitments .
Osamu Suzuki may not be willing to share all of the secrets of his success with his competitors , but they and Japanese diplomats should be studying the Suzuki method .
The risk stems not from the conduct of the South Koreans or the Taiwanese , but from the democratic choices that they make , which may offend two of Asia 's last dictatorships .
In South Korea , the remarkable Park Guen-hye 's bid to become her country 's first woman president may provide an excuse -- as if any were needed -- for North Korean mischief-making .
Taiwan , too , may elect a woman president , Tsai Ing-wen , the leader of the opposition Democratic Peoples ' Party , next year .
Although Ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise his will on the DPJ , this must not be allowed to happen .
Ozawa 's fall can -- but may not -- return Japanese politics to where it belongs : in the hands of its elected leaders .
TOKYO -- Hillary Clinton 's recent trip to Asia may one day be seen as the most significant visit to the region by a United States diplomat since Henry Kissinger 's secret mission to Beijing in July 1971 .
For China , Clinton 's intervention came as a shock , and , given the warm response she received from her Vietnamese hosts -- despite criticizing Vietnam 's human-rights record -- the US Secretary of State may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging , and perhaps with additional prompting from Malaysia and the Philippines .
Not only is he young and inexperienced , but his aunt , Kim Kyong-hui , Kim Jong-il 's sister and the wife of the second-ranking figure in North Korea 's hierarchy , Chang Song-taek , may balk at power slipping through her fingers .
But Kim Kyong-hui may have other plans , such as becoming Kim Jong-il 's successor herself .
European countries , meanwhile , criticize the current military strategy . They fear that more troops may only lead to more civilian casualties , antagonizing Afghans .
The appointment of a new UN envoy should prove a more efficient way of coordinating Afghanistan 's international helpmates . And it is to be hoped that whoever is chosen may be able to foster the grand bargain between the US and EU that is so badly needed .
Now , almost 90 years after the demise of the Ottoman Empire , 50 years after the end of colonialism , and eight years after the Iraq War began , the revolutionary protests in Cairo suggest that another shift may well be underway .
As a result , the Middle East that emerges in the weeks and months ahead may become much harder for the West to influence .
Otherwise Russia may look like a country whose main interest is in maintaining an option where all of America is vulnerable to nuclear blackmail .
But breaking with the policies of the 1990 's also presents grave risks , because the EU is not , and can not be , a traditional great power , and because the West 's weakness may end up rewarding -- and encouraging -- Russian revanchism .
The Netherlands -- a traditionally pro-European country -- also may vote No on the Constitution in its own referendum -LRB- which takes place after the French one -RRB- -- not only as a protest against the conservative and moralistic policies of the Balkenende government , but as a rejection of a corporatist Europe dominated by French and German interests .
The corporate state simply has not delivered the goods in continental Europe , and polls are showing voters may take it out on the proposed Constitution .
That may sound obvious , but abandoning price stability is exactly what some European politicians are advocating .
Interest-rate hikes may be coming sooner rather than later , which is why Berlusconi and French President Jacques Chirac are talking up interest-rate cuts now .
Meanwhile , in Germany , the elections this September may have surprising consequences for ECB monetary policy .
Unfortunately , Merkel 's campaign is off to a rocky start , and the recent entry of Oskar Lafontaine 's extreme left-wing party into the fray may necessitate the formation of a grand coalition between the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats .
Surprisingly , the treatment of elites in Europe may not be all that different from America .
Finally , while Europe 's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina 's wake , `` Thank God for our social solidarity , '' there is considerable doubt even about what `` our '' actually means .
The unwillingness of frustrated minorities to accept consensus may well require the ECB president to take more control of the governing board than it has been used to in the past or , indeed , feel comfortable with in the future .
Indeed , a case even can be made that with the new leadership at the Federal Reserve expected to embrace European-style `` inflation targeting , '' we may be entering a period in which the Fed follows the ECB on critical monetary matters rather than the other way round .
Political pressure on Europe 's central bank may be the reason for that timid move .
Jean-Claude Trichet , the current ECB president , may be in the same job but not the same environment as his predecessor Wim Duisenberg , who famously remarked , `` I hear the politicians , but I do n't listen . ''
Some of this pressure may be seeping through and affecting ECB policy decisions .
Still , politicians and maybe even some central bankers continue to be concerned about the currency , because they fear that a stronger euro could stifle exports , thus weakening overall economic performance .
Surveys indicate that business confidence is up throughout the euro-zone economy , indicating that a domestic investment boom may be around the corner .
Likewise , the new ECB growth forecasts may show the internal economy strengthening .
Still , even in the traditionally weak-currency countries , changes afoot suggest that a turnaround in political attitudes and public opinion toward a stronger euro may be on the horizon .
Unless the ECB picks up the pace of interest-rate increases now , the goal of interest-rate neutrality may not be politically feasible , jeopardizing achievement of the bank 's price stability goals .
This may change if a new common threat to Europe emerges , or if conservative parties follow the left and become anti-American .
A counterweight to the `` peace crowd '' may be new migrants from Eastern Europe , for whom cuts in social services would break no promises , and for whom job availability and wage levels are more important .
It matters little that the Fed could have gone further and cut the federal funds rate as well as the discount rate at its emergency meeting -- indeed , that may have to be done .
Some are recalcitrant and are more than willing to see the euro rise because , with rate hikes off the table , the strong euro may be the only way left for fighting the incipient inflation they fear .
These threats may be proving counter-productive to the achievement of price stability in the euro-zone economy , the central bank 's primary objective .
The same may happen in Europe , especially given the ECB 's refusal to cut interest rates .
But the global slowdown , which takes the fangs out of the strike threat , will keep private-sector workers in line no matter how much their leaders may rant and rave .
According to Laurent Dubois , a political science professor at the Sorbonne in Paris , Noyer may pay for Sarkozy 's battles with the European Central Bank .
Sarkozy has `` a problem with central banks ' independence , '' and Noyer may become a `` scapegoat . ''
But should a credible foreign offer for Société Générale appear in the coming weeks - -- and it well might -- another disruptive conflict between the Bank of France and the government may be in the offing .
Whatever problems may have existed in the early years -- too many voices , too little clarity of message -- were smoothed out over time .
They will fudge , which may buy time , but that will make the price of a solution far higher .
We may find ourselves there once again .
Soviet-style economies may have posed as avatars of industrial modernization , but in most of the USSR 's former satellite states Marxist-Leninist economics locked vast numbers of people onto farms .
Cottages with TV satellite antennas may be seen , but they will be surrounded by straw , mud , chopped wood and the aromatic stench of livestock .
It may annoy the Polish to recognize this , but if they make such a choice they will be condemned to a perpetual third rate status , scarcely above the most wretched places on earth and without any illusion of progress .
A return to armed conflict may be impossible -- at least for now -- given NATO 's military presence in Kosovo -LRB- though it will be halved in the next few months to only 5,000 troops -RRB- .
Ethics and Obama TUBINGEN -- Many say that the world financial crisis could not have been foreseen . Perhaps not by financiers and economists , but others who were watching how markets were developing -- often with dismay -- were more than worried .
In the rich industrialized countries , after an era of cynical and short-sighted profit-maximizing behavior , we may be at the dawn of a new age of modesty and sustainability . Companies are facing growing pressure to behave ethically , and unethical business behavior is at last being punished .
But the Iranian regime is no ordinary government ; it may not adhere to the normal practices of nuclear restraint .
Even if it does , a nuclear Iran may trigger an arms race in the region and embolden an Iranian government that already supports extremist movements throughout the Middle East .
Ahmadinejad may be bobbing and weaving . But his mercurial ways make it plausible that he may find it politically advantageous to strike a serious bargain on the nuclear issue . Just in case , the diplomatic door should remain ajar .
Finally , even as stalemate continues on Iran 's uranium enrichment , continued engagement may offer a roundabout means of arriving at a bargain on the nuclear issue .
Even with new sanctions in the offing , dialogue still offers the best prospect for peacefully resolving what may be the world 's most dangerous dispute .
Their biggest demands -- secure jobs , faster growth , low food prices -- are not necessarily compatible , and they may require policies that inflict pain .
Some security strategists and just war theorists argue that there may be nothing morally objectionable about deterrence in cases where the lives and welfare of a civilian population are not directly affected .
Having been the mayor of Jerusalem for 10 years , you know the situation of Palestinians close up .
The global financial and economic crisis may also be a catalyst for promoting Europe 's vision of a new world order .
And although these differences may grow smaller with time , they occasionally take on an alarmingly clear-cut form , as in the case of the United States-led invasion of Iraq .
Of course , EU membership may provide a degree of security because any security challenge that confronts the EU is bound to engage NATO .
Superficially , this sounds fine and may even offer a free ride in terms of security .
Some may argue that so controversial an issue should be stripped from NATO 's agenda in these uncertain times .
That may seem pragmatic .
This strategy may find imitators .
Moreover , they may worry that heirs apparent will seek to force them out of office prematurely .
Not surprisingly , many environmentalists argue that , in the words of one : `` It may be unkind to keep people dying from malaria so that they could die more slowly of starvation .
-LRB- Malaria may even be -RRB- a blessing in disguise , since a large proportion of the malaria belt is not suited to agriculture , and the disease has helped to keep man from destroying it -- and from wasting his substance on it . ''
This proposal may puzzle some , but the logic is straightforward and irrefutable .
Now Ukraine 's people may face a similar test after supporters of Viktor Yanukovich threatened to seek autonomy should the rightful winner of the country 's presidential vote , Viktor Yushchenko , actually become president .
Would Moscow 's mayor Yuri Luzkhov , a loyal creature of Putin , have dared to attend the rally where autonomy was demanded without the sanction of the Kremlin 's elected monarch ?
These eye-popping statistics have sparked a widespread , sometimes rancorous debate about whether people are taking far more medication than is needed for problems that may not even be mental disorders .
The gas agreement , moreover , undermines Ukraine 's incentive to reform its inefficient and corrupt energy sector , and commits the country to buy more gas in subsequent years than it may need .
The Iranian regime may benefit from the ouster or weakening of pro-Western Arab leaders and regimes in Egypt , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia , but Iran 's initial encouragement of the democratic uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt came with a sting in the tail .
It recently found a new source of wealth , natural gas , but may become yet another victim of the so-called `` natural resource curse . ''
As this inclination continues to alienate his electoral base , the formulas that brought him to power may ultimately lead to his downfall .
Other industrial nations may cycle through pieces of the disciplines , missing the essential coherence of the P-C-B sequence .
This protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit `` suicide '' to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to daughter cells . -LRB- This is perhaps the first indication that self-sacrifice may be an intrinsic human trait ! -RRB-
In addition , scientific research on this most accessible of human organs will continue to identify innovative treatments and modes of prevention , which may well become applicable to other cancers .
It is not just California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold Kyoto targets for his state that may become a pacemaker of All-American modernization again .
It is time for Greens everywhere to start attending to ecological matters again -- and , strange as it may sound , to look again to America for inspiration .
The rich North can not continue as before , emerging industrial countries must leave the old industrial-based path to prosperity , and the rest of the world may not even embark upon it .
Of course , problems may arise ; learning to live together can be tough . But Europe would thrive on the cosmopolitan dynamism that results from treating immigration as an opportunity rather than as a threat .
The following prescriptions may , however , help avert a disaster :
While such an outcome may be improbable , it would be complacent folly to dismiss the possibility .
Although the differences between Robinson and Lagarde are many , both would be excellent choices . Robinson may be the more inspirational candidate in light of the projects with which she has been involved since leaving office : Chair of the United Nations Human Rights Commission , Honorary President of Oxfam International , Chair of the International Institute for Environment and Development , Chair of the Council of Women World Leaders , and founder of the Ethical Globalization Initiative .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
The possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
Unfortunately , in the world of cancer , this may not be so .
Of course , working conditions may be experienced as threatening even when objectively they are not , or trivial symptoms may be interpreted as manifestations of serious illness .
Although it is likely , the short - and long-term outcomes of such changes may not always suffice in the fight against work-related stress .
From Central Asia Chinese influence may move westwards .
But in countries like South Africa , Namibia , and Zimbabwe , multinational companies may look very different .
One young mother , Rosalia , who lives in a small shack with seven children by different fathers , may look destitute to Western eyes , but she has a small business selling dried meat .
Given the sharp contrast between Premier Wen Jiabao 's caring attitude during the earthquake and President Hu Jintao 's mediocre political performance , some people could not help but imagine that the earthquake may have tipped the balance at the Communist Party 's highest levels , pushing the liberal forces represented by Wen to the center of power .
There is an even greater silent force which may produce a new generation of political leaders : the rapidly growing army of Christian believers , now estimated at 20 million .
Wen Jiabao wrote recently in Sichuan that `` more hardship will arouse the country , '' evidently believing that the Chinese may still need to suffer further in order to realize political progress .
That may be true , but I also believe that a new generation of political leaders can grow up in a more open information environment .
According to the International Labor Organization , continued labor-market deterioration in 2009 may lead to an estimated increase in global unemployment of 39-61 million workers relative to 2007 .
By the end of this year , the worldwide ranks of the unemployed may range from 219-241 million -- the highest number on record .
The World Bank warns that 89 million more people may be trapped in poverty in the wake of the crisis , adding to the 1.4 billion people estimated in 2005 to be living below the international poverty line of $ 1.25 a day .
Indeed , while closing an economy may insulate it from shocks , it can also result in stagnation and even severe homegrown crises .
By contrast , if a country attempts to defy its comparative advantage , such as by adopting an import-substitution strategy to pursue the development of capital-intensive or high-tech industries in a capital-scarce economy , the government may resort to distortional subsidies and protections that dampen economic performance .
This may be one of the reasons why the Growth Commission Report also found that successful economies all have committed , credible , and capable governments .
As part of this process , a facilitating role for the state is desirable in developing and developed economies alike , although the appropriate role may be different depending on a country 's stage of development .
Support for basic research , and patents to protect successful innovation , may help .
So the time may be ripe to move forward with the sort of multilateral framework for regulating cross-border investment that has been derailed several times since the 1920 's .
So even if the generosity of state benefits may be curtailed , aggregate government spending is unlikely to be rolled back dramatically from the current 53 % of GDP .
Clearly , some of these policy measures may conflict with traditional egalitarianism in Sweden , at least in the short term .
The problem is that a weakened FARC may expose the government to popular pressure to launch negotiations , even if FARC does not declare a cease-fire .
The FARC , now wounded and cornered , may decide that its only option is to go on the offensive in order to demonstrate its continuing relevance and remaining strength .
Ideas may be voiced , but there 's barely any audience , and these utterances do n't resonate ; they die away with no implications or consequences .
But the more relevant question is whom Khodorkovsky 's letter aimed to address . Vedomosti readers may sympathize with Khodorkovsky 's plight , but they account for only 60 thousand people .
Khodorkovsky 's letter may have appeared in the public space , but it was not intended for public consumption . Rather , it was like the `` I love you '' billboard .
Of course , Georgia 's President Mikhail Saakashvili may at times be thoughtless and arrogant .
This lingering resentment may explain Putin 's somewhat uncivil behavior and dubious jokes when dealing with his Western counterparts .
It may also have been behind Russia 's irrational decision to renege on its promise to give Poland the files that document the massacre of thousands of Polish officers on Stalin 's orders in the forest at Katyn at the outbreak of WWII .
But pushing the `` re-set button '' on US-Russia relations may be harder than Obama and his team imagined .
The price of oil , at around $ 70 a barrel , may be half of what it was a year ago , but up from around $ 40 earlier this year .
Russians may be concerned by growing unemployment and reduced incomes , but this is not manifesting itself in any drive to organize or try to effect political change .
Disgruntlement over the increasingly authoritarian governance may be common among business circles , elements of the neutered political opposition , liberal intellectuals , and even part of the bureaucracy .
To the Kremlin 's rulers , this may seem an acceptable cost for retaining power , but postponing reform will only aggravate Russia 's countless problems .
Besides , muddling through may prove unaffordable even in the short run , if oil prices decline again .
A dramatic curtailment of state resources may eventually push the government toward modernization , but it might also produce an uglier shift -- toward harder political crackdown , economic nationalism and an essentially isolationist course .
Gubernatorial elections were abolished six years ago , and even elected city mayors have been progressively replaced by appointed officials .
The Kremlin may have monopolized decision-making , but it is largely non-intrusive and enables citizens to live their own lives and pursue their own interests -- as long as they do not encroach on the government realm .
This may be a tough sell politically .
Screening travelers from affected regions may have prevented significant epidemics elsewhere .
These epidemics may , in fact , be eliminated entirely in coming months .
Like other respiratory infections , SARS may be easier to contract , more severe , or both , during winter .
China 's government may well adopt a new Hong Kong policy after the election .
While China 's rulers may fear losing control , they also need to recognize that the current system is causing intense discontent .
Hong Kong 's people may well conclude that they have no alternative but to use every occasion to protest chief executive Tung Chee-hwa 's unpopular government , making it even harder for him to govern .
In fact , development plans in China may be heading in the opposite direction .
Furthermore , new coal-fired power plants may no longer be allowed on either side of the border , necessitating greater use of natural gas and renewable energy sources .
By saving themselves , they may also be able to play an instrumental role in saving China .
Policymakers may choose instead to follow the example of Chile and Colombia , which give students government money to pay for private education .
They may , therefore , like to consider another option : discouraging tree-felling only in those areas that have high recent rates of deforestation .
Moreover , although it may seem almost comically straightforward , one of the best temperature-reducing approaches is very simple : paint things white .
The criteria for receiving aid may be sending children to school regularly or taking them to a doctor .
They may also include training services for teachers and caregivers , and the strengthening of institutional and community resources and capacity .
One way to enforce the rules may be to say that parties that do not comply with the legislation in a district should not be able to run candidates there .
But Emmanuel has now published a new study showing that even in a dramatically warming world , hurricane frequency and intensity may not substantially rise during the next two centuries .
The climate threat is so great -- and democracies are doing so little about it -- that people conclude that maybe democracy is part of the problem , and that perhaps people ought not to be allowed to express heterodox opinions on such an important topic .
Even if we set aside its masses of pork-barrel spending , and analyses that show it may allow more emissions in the US for the first decades , there are more fundamental problems with this legislation .
The United Nations Secretary General says that `` it may be difficult for President Obama to come with strong authority '' to reach agreement in Copenhagen . Others blame developing countries -- particularly Brazil , China and India -- for a reluctance to sign up to binding carbon cuts .
Instead of single-mindedly trying to force people to do without carbon-emitting fuels , the Hartwell group suggests that we pursue a number of other worthy goals -- for example , adaptation , reforestation , encouraging biodiversity , and improving air quality -- each of which is important , and all of which may also reduce carbon emissions .
If any -- or all -- of this sounds familiar , it may be because I have been arguing much the same points for some time .
This awful prospect is exactly the sort of thing global-warming evangelists like Al Gore have in mind when they warn that we must take `` large-scale , preventive measures to protect human civilization as we know it . '' The rhetoric may sound extreme , but with so much hanging in the balance , surely it 's justified .
This figure may seem surprisingly low , but that is only because so many of us have accepted the widespread view that we lack the capacity to adapt to large rises in sea levels .
This may explain recent polling data showing that public concern about global warming has declined precipitously in the last three years .
Fear may be a great motivator in the short term , but it is a terrible basis for making smart decisions about a complicated problem that demands our full intelligence for a long period .
So , if you have ever sat at somebody 's deathbed , the answer may very well be yes : you sat at the deathbed of a statistical life .
By contrast , when you die from the absence of prevention policies , you may be dying sooner than you otherwise would , but you are not being left to die .
This is why sitting beside , and even lying on , the deathbed of a statistical life may be more tolerable after all .
The EU and NATO are unable to expand farther , even though they may want to maintain post-Soviet countries ' interest in membership in order to prevent their possible return to Russia 's orbit .
As always where demand exceeds supply , people may not accept waiting their turn -- and other countries and other peoples ' bodies give them the alternative they seek .
Of course , the troops may be made invulnerable to bombing by being billeted among the civilian population , but armored vehicles and artillery can not be hidden in apartment houses .
They may also hope to shatter the unified EU\/US position that now exists .
It took more than a year for Europe to do what everyone knew needed to be done to contain the Greek crisis , and it still may not be enough . For the approved measures do not provide the transparent and long-term commitment to restoring Greek finances that markets want to see .
First , the economic damage from Japan 's three calamities -LRB- a horrifying earthquake , a devastating tsunami , and a nuclear crisis -RRB- may well be double that of Kobe .
So , as tempting as they may be , analytical shortcuts are best avoided at this early stage .
This may well be the most important result of the Indian election : five more years of political stability and economic reform will create an irreversible and virtuous cycle of economic growth and political moderation .
But while we can not close the gulf between us , we can try to bridge it so that we may be able to talk across it . ''
Given Asia 's growing influence , the world should pay attention -- and may have much to gain .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
The danger in such an approach is that decisions may not be taken , or that those that are put rhetoric ahead of substance , thereby failing to resolve fundamental political challenges .
China is developing a deployable police capacity that may provide an important new tool in peace operations in fragile states .
But , given that some of the biggest challenges are the result of failed policies , pragmatism may offer a constructive way forward .
In the long run , however , the outcome of backing down may not be so clear .
China 's decision to browbeat the Japanese into submission over the fishing trawler , suggests that China may be throwing Deng 's geopolitical caution out the window .
Japan has lost its drive to remain one of the world 's greatest powers , and it may never regain it .
So it is noteworthy that , as the US-led invasion of Iraq -- and with it , America 's clash with the Islamic world -- grows more heated , Russia 's battle with Muslim Chechens may be waning into something like peace .
Lebanon 's traditional political class may not like it , but , as more of its members are now recognizing , the momentum for a new kind of presidency will not be stopped .
Yet his weakness may be seen as an unconventional and devious strength , his solitude a deeper kind of solidarity , his imagination a shortcut to reality .
All human tragicomedy may be seen , occasionally , in this encounter , in the history of Circus as History .
Topics such as totalitarianism or exile may say a lot about my life and my writing , but however important , they do n't in themselves tell about a piece of literature .
The artist remains , no matter how childish it may seem , a secret laborer of love .
Thus he can continue his never-ending adventure and humanize his shipwreck wherever he may be .
The simplest explanation for this may be found in Flaubert 's words about Don Quixote : `` I found my origins in this book , which I knew by heart before I learned how to read . ''
We should be interested not for prosecutorial purposes , but in order to gain a more profound understanding of a bloody , demagogical , and tyrannical Utopia -- and of human weakness and vulnerability . We may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist 's ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
Today 's Eastern Europe , some two decades after the revolutions of 1989 , may offer a salutary warning for today 's defiant and jubilant Arab youth that they must remain vigilant .
To remember and reflect on how we have wronged other people and nations may benefit a country 's citizens as much as celebrating great deeds .
The point is that eventually , despite strong regional loyalties and various cultural and religious differences , the majority can identify as being simply `` Pakistani '' -- even though they may harbor radical differences about what this might mean .
This may mean dying in childbirth rather than risking the `` dishonor '' of giving birth in a public place , a hospital , in front of strangers .
In the end , the politics of ambiguity may fail Rumsfeld ; all those high-resolution photographs from Abu Ghraib are anything but ambiguous .
If similarly shameful disclosures multiply , as I believe they will , let us at least hope that official apologies and condemnations may finally give way to wider , more genuine accountability and reform .
While resources for climate-change adaptation and mitigation may have different fiscal origins from more traditional development resources , it would be damaging to keep them separate in their use : from agriculture , construction , and power to technology and deforestation , the simple fact is that development , adaptation , and mitigation are often inextricably intertwined .
When tax evasion is extremely common , taxpayers are likely to experience high transaction and psychological costs in resorting to tax auditors to enforce the issuing of receipts . But if consumers bear the brunt of costs for reporting violations to the authorities , subsidies may induce them to seek out vendors willing to offer legal transactions .
Of course , there is a risk that subsidies and lotteries may diminish the moral motivation of citizens to obey tax laws , because compliance becomes conditional on some form of compensation .
The rioting may not be organized - no clear leaders or political demands have emerged .
First and foremost , mayors should be mobilized as mediators , because they are on the front line in implementing urban policy .
When these policies fail , citizens hold mayors responsible .
But mayors are also the most knowledgeable about communication links within their communities , and are thus the most capable of organizing effective partnerships to address and resolve local issues .
This is why Europe 's mayors call upon European institutions to focus on social cohesion with the same commitment that has been invested until now in asylum and border controls .
Debt and America 's Decline MILAN -- Italians and other Europeans have serious problems addressing their own national debts , public and private , so it may seem immodest for a European to discuss America 's growing and grave debt problem .
The genes that lead to the production of the human and chimpanzee femur may be 98-99 % identical , but it is impossible to say whether the bones themselves are more or less similar than that .
In other words , this apparent fact of nature -- the overwhelming genetic similarity of human and ape -- is a fact constructed from culture . That is not to say it is inaccurate or false ; just that its meaning is far less obvious than it may appear superficially .
Because banks service their depositors on a first-come-first-served basis , those who wait risk being left empty-handed , because the bank may be forced to liquidate its long term-assets at a loss and run out of resources .
Thus , deficit countries have to control price and wage growth to improve competitiveness , while surplus countries may have to accept some inflation .
It is not necessarily the cause of Europe 's internal imbalances , but it may be the cure .
In principle , deficit countries may not have to go through further recession to promote external adjustment if they can generate sufficient income from exports to service their external debts .
Japan Spins Its Wheels OSAKA -- To lose one prime minister may be regarded as a misfortune ; to lose two in one year looks like carelessness .
The DPJ , despite its manifesto , seems unprepared to tame the mandarins , and so may be forced to rely on them .
Wrestlers wash their faces , mouths , and armpits before entering the dohyo -LRB- ring -RRB- , on whose sacred sand neither shoes nor women may tread .
The Sumo gambling scandal , indeed , may be a prelude to it .
But , however admirable this sentiment may be , there is no `` scientific truth '' about the `` right '' level of disparities and the correct speed of convergence .
So regional disparities may persist or even grow , posing a challenge for policymakers concerned with stimulating economic growth and regional cohesion .
In fact , a temporary increase in intra-national disparities may be a good thing .
The fact that companies in these sectors benefit from operating close to one another may boost economic development at the expense of peripheral regions .
The terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September , 2001 and their aftermath may exacerbate tensions not only between pro-Western and anti-Western schools of thought in Africa , but also between Christians and Muslims .
Moreover , efforts by the US to unite African governments against terrorism may merely bolster authoritarianism .
The pressure on African governments to enact legislation against terrorism may pose new threats to civil liberties at the very moment when democratization is gathering momentum .
In the war on terror , it seems , Africa 's dictators may find it easier to justify continuing tyranny .
Mombasa 's anguish , economic as well as in terms of security , may have only just begun .
The EU may well have avoided significant constitutional tensions had its member states ' governments initiated such programs much sooner ;
Here the international community will have to help , for just as Southeast Asia 's economies needed some protection for their infant industries , so Africa 's may also need a brief respite from the whip of the global market during the first stage of building the AU .
Unfortunately , however , while the direction of Africa 's trade may be changing , its composition -- raw-material exports and manufactured imports -- is not .
Although China 's trade , foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , and aid may broaden Africa 's growth options , they also promote what can only be called a win-lose situation .
The mayhem began to abate only when Gbagbo was removed from power and taken prisoner after French and UN ground troops , armored vehicles , and helicopters bombarded the presidential palace where he was guarded by forces that remained loyal to him .
Second , creditors may retaliate by withdrawing subsequent lending .
Africa 's economy may grow , but Africans will continue to suffer .
Moreover , certain types of antidepressants may contribute to some of these conditions .
This suggests that physiological processes underlying depression - the ones that may also lead to structural changes in the brain - are not being completely arrested , and thus that a new generation of anti-depressant medications is urgently needed .
This may occur through policies that improve education , provide better housing , improve commuting , regulate working conditions , increase availability of health foods , and provide tax relief for those in the lower and middle classes .
But it may be a mistake to assume that central bankers in Frankfurt lack regional or national bias .
This may help , it but wo n't address the real issue : how could regulators have allowed this problem to recur after so much bitter experience , and why should they now be allowed to investigate themselves ?
In the long run , the anti-depressant crisis thus may prove to be a blessing in disguise , but only if it brings about the transparency and intellectual honesty needed to make the medical profession ultimately accountable to the people it claims to serve .
Ukraine may undoubtedly be of the East , but it is the East of Europe .
Ukrainians may at times resent these impersonal modern mechanisms , but they increasingly -LRB- if grudgingly -RRB- recognize them as necessary .
Only radicals and populists -- of which we retain too many -- can afford a devil-may-care attitude toward making the state function more efficiently .
The doubts inspired at the Congress may have been inchoate , but they nonetheless sowed genuine unrest .
So the impartial history of the Russian Revolution that has not been written may yet be .
But , for some men , part of the pleasure of buying sex may be the humiliation conferred on the woman involved . For others , like former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer , the promise of discretion and anonymity may be the most appealing aspect of buying sex .
If one focuses solely on the current-account side of the balance of payments , it may look that way .
It may indeed be part of the explanation .
A more important explanation for Germany 's current economic success may be the substantial government support that German industries receive on a structural basis , especially the car industry .
A certain amount of labor-market rigidity may make economic sense for jobs that require firm-specific skills and training , alongside greater flexibility for jobs that require fewer skills .
The Union 's common foreign and security policy may not yet mean that Europe speaks to the world with one voice , but it is taking shape and has already healed some of the wounds inflicted by disagreements over the war in Iraq .
BRUSSELS -- It took eight years of ill-tempered political wrangling to create the European Union 's new diplomatic service , but its fate -- and that of its chief , Catherine Ashton -- may well be decided over the next few weeks .
China 's Happy Mask BEIJING -- China 's `` face '' may be its Achilles ' Heel .
The European Union may not be far behind ; much will depend on how China presents its case over the coming 18 months as the two sides negotiate a wide-ranging Partnership Cooperation Agreement , which will determine the quality of bilateral relations for the next decade .
Political leaders in EU capitals and the US may be well aware of China 's global economic importance , but the widespread public perception is that its factories are dirty and environmentally harmful .
There are now no EU countries where Euroskeptics are in the majority , and the widespread impression that citizens in Western and Eastern Europe alike are turning their backs on the EU is wrong . The reality is that even though voters may find the EU remote , most appreciate the need for Europe to unite in a world where China , India , and other fast-developing countries are set to challenge it .
It will probably take several generations before a workable EU-wide political system emerges , but the first step is for the EU to encourage people to have their say , however uncomfortable that may be .
Russian leaders may have misinterpreted as a sign of weakness Europe 's representation at last month 's EU-Russia summit by two Portuguese politicians -- European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso and Prime Minister Jose Socrates , whose government currently holds the revolving EU presidency .
Choosing Mr. Europe BRUSSELS -- America 's riveting presidential election campaign may be garnering all the headlines , but a leadership struggle is also underway in Europe .
Verve and fanfare may be alien to Brussels , but what is urgently required is a sense of political showmanship that restores confidence in the European project as well as the economy .
This year it may be 30 % .
It may also be destroying the main pillar of its influence in international politics more broadly -- that is , its ability to act as an `` honest broker , '' to use Bismarck 's famous phrase .
Trying to pool these traditions may look like trying to square a circle .
But paradoxically , it may also contain an element of forgetfulness , because it tends to conceal the fact that liberation required a military defeat .
A violent conflict in the past may survive as a war of memories in the present , as can be observed in the current dispute between China and South Korea on one side , and Japan on the other .
A war of memories , in turn , may sometimes lead to a violent conflict in the future .
That a small centrist party may now get the courts to postpone the election merely adds to the usual confusion .
Foreign policy , too , may prove difficult to manage .
Berlusconi regards his `` commercial diplomacy '' as a formidable defensive weapon , which may help explain why he is not too concerned about how his actions in this area are perceived on the international front .
That is why , if fresh elections are to be held , Berlusconi may well turn them into a personal referendum .
Some may cooperate ; others do not .
There are ominous indications that the relative forbearance of this group may end .
Finally , the belief that democracy and economic reform will undercut terrorism is based on a series of assumptions that may or may not prove accurate .
To appease the extremists might be easy but may not work .
Worse still , a cure may not exist .
NEW YORK -- It has become popular to suggest that when the dust settles from the global financial crisis , it may become clear that the United States-led post-war world has come to an end .
But weakened by the financial crisis , deeply indebted to foreign countries , bogged down in Iraq , facing major challenges in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and feeling psychologically humbled , the US may no longer be in the same unrivalled position to lead the international community , even under the inspiring leadership of Barack Obama .
America may be recognizing its limits , but no new system has emerged to take up the slack .
There may be a better international model than the current one , but it will not emerge by default .
We may never know the exact number of casualties during the last phase of the conflict , because the government did not allow international organizations or media into the area .
But the sports world seems intent on exploiting this technology in pursuit of gold medals and championships , and genetic testing may be the wave of the future .
For too long there has been international dismay at the state of governance in Africa ; corruption and at times a complete lack of accountability are blamed for all of Africa 's ills .
The victory of the opposition in the parliamentary election of 2002 attests to the potential that may be unleashed with a victory by democratic forces in the presidential election .
The example of Poland and that of the other countries of Central Europe shows that the clear prospect of EU membership may be one of the engines of effective reforms and may significantly enhance the ability of local leaders to persuade their people to accept the need for reforms that are sometimes painful .
An `` expatriate '' may be paid ten times more than local staff for the same job .
Global redistribution through taxes that would be levied by an international body may seem far-fetched today , but the logic of development that we are witnessing -- particularly the move away from nation-states as the locus of sovereignty -- suggests that it may eventually come to pass .
Those who advocate leaving globalization exclusively in the hands of the private sector may resent the idea of vesting tax-raising authority in a global agency .
If so , it may not necessarily end with a repeat of the slaughters of the last century , but with an economic retrenchment that brings economic stagnation and consigns billions of people to grinding poverty .
We see the menace of this tendency constantly nowadays , but we perceive it in such a seemingly unthreatening way that we may well become accustomed to it rather than arresting it .
And , while domestic problems may seem intractable , distance increases the confusion and fatigue induced by seemingly intractable international problems .
The solution -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- may be an ingenious , affordable innovation from Ventria Bioscience that combines high - and low-tech components to deliver what could be a veritable Holy Grail : two proteins produced inexpensively in rice that radically improve the effectiveness of rehydration solutions .
Gene flow from wild relatives to crop plants may even be encouraged by subsistence farmers to maintain the broad genetic base of the varieties that they plant using seed harvested from an earlier crop .
The desired `` product '' of gene-splicing may be the engineered organism itself -- a bacteria to clean up oil spills , a weakened virus used as a vaccine , or a papaya tree that resists viruses -- or it may be a biosynthetic product of the cells , such as human insulin produced in bacteria , or oil expressed from seeds .
According to Johns Hopkins University virologist Donald S. Burke , `` it may be possible to identify a human outbreak at the earliest stage , while there are fewer than 100 cases , and deploy international resources -- such as a WHO stockpile of antiviral drugs -- to rapidly quench it .
Put another way , government regulation of field research with plants should focus on the traits that may be related to risk -- invasiveness , weediness , toxicity , and so forth -- rather than on whether one or another technique of genetic manipulation was used .
Regulations and standards of good practice already effectively address organisms that may be pathogenic or that threaten the natural environment .
Acupuncture was found to have no additional effect on motor recovery , but a small positive effect on disability , which may be due to a true placebo effect , or to the varied quality of the trials .
Passive importation of techniques , controls , and beliefs , via agencies and experts that run around solving everyone else 's problems , may be the biggest impediment to development -- just another form of outside exploitation , of which Africa has had more than enough .
But development at this level may not be the problem .
But something that shows up in none of the economic indicators may be driving many of them : the deterioration of American management , which is undermining not only many of America 's great enterprises , but also its legendary spirit of enterprise .
Paradoxically , one indicator that has been improving steadily in the US -- productivity -- may be the clearest sign of the problem .
The dramatic weakening of the US dollar may help America to narrow its massive trade deficit , but we should not expect any sustained improvement without drastic changes in American management .
Fortunately , it may be possible to minimize the fallout for the rest of the world .
So it may be premature for the Party to celebrate the success of its adaptive strategy .
China 's rulers may have stalled democratic trends for now , but the current strategy has , perhaps , merely delayed the inevitable .
But instead of succumbing to a `` Somalia scenario , '' dreaming of a `` Japan scenario , '' or settling for an `` Afghanistan scenario , '' Iraq may yet become a `` scenario '' for successful intervention in the 21
While these findings demonstrate the shadings of opinion across Iraq 's dominant communities , they do not explain attitudes that may be behind the continuing violence that disfigures Iraqi life .
By its immobilization , however , such a community may simply be too passive to oppose the violent men acting in its name .
Military action by itself may simply make matters worse .
Among Sunnis , the decline in support for an Islamic state is most dramatic , and may have significant ramifications for the ability of religious extremists to recruit among them .
Policies such as tax benefits for large families , child allowances , and subsidized day care and meals -- all of which reduce the cost of raising children -- may be attractive in the short term . But they have a negative impact on income in the long run because they encourage households to increase fertility rates .
The implications of this may at first glance seem inhumane , but they are straightforward and unavoidable .
Or was it better to start with politics -- recover liberty and prosperity may follow -- which seemed to be Russia 's path under Mikhail Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin ?
The diverse paths followed by Russia and China may be explained in part by how the two peoples perceive themselves .
Russia may be experiencing a global `` restoration '' phase , but in politics and economics , and also with respect to its empire , restoration is headed in the wrong direction .
The revolution that must be overcome is that of May 1968 , whose leaders and supporters , according to Sarkozy , may have lost politically to de Gaulle , but deeply weakened France over the succeeding decades with their emphasis on `` false values . ''
By contrast , rebelling against one 's parents ' generation and rediscovering traditional moral stances will save France -- a message that is highly applicable to issues , such as education and immigration , that may dominate the electoral campaign .
When the voters decide in the spring of 2007 , their choice may depend more on negative than positive considerations , as it did in 2002 , when Chirac faced the odious nationalist Jean-Marie Le Pen in the second round .
Whatever the enormous differences that may separate them , post-communist Russia and fundamentalist Iran have much in common .
The war in Chechnya may contribute to the moral corruption of Russia as a whole , to its frightening descent into a culture of violence .
Russia may have recovered its status as a strong power , but is it a respected , or even a happy one ?
The world in which we live may be moving toward the multi-polarity wished for by French President Jacques Chirac , but not necessarily in a successful and stable way .
Although the Iranian regime 's rhetoric may be totalitarian , political power there is much more diffused .
The third analogy is reflected in Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's recent references to Israel 's nuclear deterrent , which may have been a mistake , but probably indicate the evolution of Israeli strategic thinking .
Olmert seemed to be reminding the Iranians of the hard realities of nuclear deterrence : Iran may join the nuclear club someday , but it will return to the Stone Age if it uses those weapons against a country that has a far more advanced nuclear arsenal .
These comparisons are not neutral , and one may detect in the analogy between China today and nineteenth-century Germany an element of that guilty pleasure in others ' troubles that the Germans call `` Schadenfreude . ''
Asia may be doing well economically now , according to this view , but just wait : rising nationalism , China 's appetite for power , and the rest of Asia 's desire to curb its ambitions will necessarily impede economic growth and restore the West 's global primacy .
In reality , what may threaten the stability of the region , and above all that of China , is not an excess of Chinese ambitions or a failure to democratize , but the Chinese regime 's inability to establish the rule of law .
Royal may have presented herself as a `` post-modern '' politician , but it is a `` classical '' politician who seems to be winning .
Chirac is not about to present himself as a candidate to divide the conservative camp , and the new leniency surrounding his record may actually benefit Sarkozy , his impatient and rebellious heir .
`` Bonaparte '' may be about to triumph easily over `` Joan of Arc , '' as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozy 's supposedly `` Bonapartist '' qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
An anybody-but-Sarkozy reflex may exist in some circles of French society , but , in order to prevail , a credible alternative is required .
The very reason that led a majority of the French to say `` no '' to the referendum on the European Union 's draft Constitutional Treaty in May 2005 may lead them to vote for Bayrou , the most pro-European of all candidates .
On the left , the social democratic wing of the Socialist party , which backed Dominique Strauss-Kahn against Royal , may be tempted to align with Bayrou , too , owing to the prospect of a post-electoral alliance between the center left and the center right .
There is maybe less of a French presence in the world today than there was twelve years ago when Jacques Chirac came to power , especially since the rejection of the Constitutional Treaty in 2005 .
Much may change in the few weeks left before the first round of the presidential vote .
For the European Union , new man or woman in the Elysee Palace may be a necessary condition for reinvigorating the European project , but it is not a sufficient condition .
From that standpoint , the deepening of chaos in the Middle East poses both opportunities and risks for Russia and China , which may force them to define the roles they want to play and the images they want to project in the world .
Superficially , Russia and China may give the impression that they are pursuing the same path when they both proclaim with pride that they are `` back '' on the world stage .
Whatever the huge political , social , and economic tensions may exist , there is a `` feel good '' factor in China , a sense of progress , with the 2008 Olympics in Beijing figuring as the symbolic moment that will proclaim to the world the scale of the country 's achievements .
Of course , in their respective judgments on Russia and China , the West -- and Europeans in particular -- may be demonstrating selective emotions .
But the differences between Russia and China today may prove to be less significant tomorrow if the deterioration in the Middle East imposes a sense of collective responsibility on all five permanent members of the UN Security Council .
Indeed , the Middle East 's deepening problems may impose a sense of restraint in Russia and China by forcing them to calculate not in terms of their global `` nuisance value '' vis-à-vis the West , but in terms of their ability to make a positive and stabilizing contribution to the world order .
Strangely , it may be easier to gain confidence than to restrain it .
Of course , the `` World War '' reference may be intended to create an `` us '' versus `` them '' logic , but this does not correspond to the nature of the challenge posed by radical Islam , given the complexity and the many divisions that exist within the Muslim world .
We must of course protect ourselves in the most serious and determined manner from the threat that terrorism may pose should , say , extremists acquire nuclear or biological weapons .
And a key member of the Alliance , Turkey , may be about to embark in a dangerous military adventure in Kurdish northern Iraq .
He may be encouraging news for the Alliance , his European policy is a source of worry for Europe .
The Alliance may be `` up , '' but its outlook remains uncertain .
Nicolas Sarkozy 's just completed trip to Washington may be an exception , because the French President may be preparing to bring NATO a highly valued present for its 60th anniversary in the spring of 2009 : France 's return to NATO 's integrated military structure , from which Charles de Gaulle withdrew in 1966 .
Sarkozy 's approach may work , because America , too , has changed .
Sarkozy may want to be a combination of Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair , but in symbolic terms he is also the Queen .
The EU and NATO may see themselves as potential rivals or complementary partners in the field of defense . But what their leaders say in private reveals a sense of common frustration .
From that standpoint , the challenge confronting NATO may be even more difficult , for enlarging the security organization not only means taking on new members , but also exercising new `` out of area '' responsibilities .
Moving from the North Atlantic to Afghanistan , and from deterrence to combat , has proved to be a major challenge for NATO -- a test that may prove harder than the disappearance of the Soviet Union nearly 20 years ago .
NATO 's aim can not simply be , to use Lord Ismay 's famous formula , `` to keep America in , Russia out and Germany down . ''
China may play the victim versus the West , but its leaders know that their country is back on the world scene at a level that they deem appropriate and legitimate .
Yet Russia , like Saakashvili , is playing with fire : its strategy of encouraging separatist forces in the two Georgian provinces may inflame separatist tendencies in other parts of the Russian Federation -LRB- remember Chechnya ? -RRB- .
Since then , Russia may have changed dramatically , but not our questions about it .
Europe may be weak and divided , America may no longer be what it was , but with your falling population and the sad state of your economy beyond oil and gas , you simply are not equipped to be in the league of great global powers . China is ; you are not . ''
As for Ukraine , it may one day become part of the European Union , but its future is not in NATO .
In the short term , time may be on Russia 's side .
In Asia , Indonesia may look `` European '' in its Obama craze , but it essentially constitutes an anomaly , easily explainable by Obama 's brief Indonesian upbringing .
But the Chinese , too , may very likely be favoring McCain , for the opposite reason .
But Asians who have more than caught up with the West may have difficulty adjusting to the idea that the US would for the first time in history not be headed by a white president .
The perception that Obama can transform the view that the US and the West have of themselves is an important factor in the emotional gap that may exist between Asia and Europe on the eve of America 's presidential election .
Dignity may not provide you with a roof or a job , but it helps in maintaining hope in hard times .
More importantly , beyond the decline of the market and the re-legitimization of the state , we may be witnessing a rehabilitation of politics and politicians , if not of idealism .
It may be too much to ask from one man .
In the current global age , Asia , the Middle East , and even maybe Africa will constitute greater priorities for the US .
They may write about it conceptually , but its meaning -- a world in which their country is only `` primus inter pares '' -- has not really penetrated the national psyche .
Even with Obama as president , they may be quick to denounce the combination of arrogance and hypocrisy that they see as linked to America 's view of her `` special and unique mission . ''
But public subsidies to `` national champions '' may prove to be as destabilizing for the climate of international cooperation as tariff barriers were in the past .
The temptation to `` appease '' suffering populations with populist , selfish measures may grow as the crisis deepens .
Paradoxically , too , the `` greening '' of America -- an America that discovers late but with passion its responsibility for the planet 's survival -- may lead to a competitive transatlantic race for first prize in ecological good behavior .
Of course , Turkey 's secular , pro-Western elites may still consider the EU and the US important , if not indispensable , allies and partners , and they may consider Islamic fundamentalism , Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran real or at least potential threats .
He may have gained popularity back home , but in today 's difficult economic times , the temptations of cheap populism are more dangerous than ever .
Yet 2008-2009 , like 1989 , may very well correspond to an epochal change , whose unfolding consequences will be felt for decades .
And what happens in 2009 may jeopardize some of the positive results of 1989 , including the peaceful reunification of Europe and the triumph of democratic principles over nationalist , if not xenophobic , tendencies .
Yet , history is unfair , and the US , despite its greater responsibility for today 's global crisis , may emerge in better shape than most countries from the morass .
But before this new order appears , the world may be faced with spreading disorder , if not outright chaos .
A strong European voice , such as Nicolas Sarkozy 's during the French presidency of the EU , may make a difference , but only for six months , and at the cost of reinforcing other European countries ' nationalist feelings in reaction to the expression of `` Gallic pride . ''
Of course , a single European voice in the major multilateral institutions appears more unrealistic than ever : who wants it , except maybe the EU 's smaller members ?
He may not have fully understood what was happening before his eyes and the forces that he had unleashed , but his restraint constitutes true greatness .
Ultimately , `` walls '' represent the realities that lay behind their construction -- realities that , unfortunately , later generations may be unable or unwilling to change .
The great diplomatic success of George W. Bush 's presidency -LRB- and maybe the only true one -RRB- was to construct a strategic partnership with India .
Reconciliation may seem far off for , say , the peoples of Japan , China , and South Korea , but it is taken for granted by today 's Europeans .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re-legitimate Sarkozy in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next year 's presidential election .
PARIS -- Japan in March 2011 and Norway in July 2011 : any comparison between the madness of nature and the pure madness of man in Norway may sound artificial .
A Triumph for `` Old Europe '' Italy may have defeated France to win the World Cup , but the real winner was the `` Old Europe '' that Donald Rumsfeld once derided .
France may not have the military might of the US or the growth rate of China and India , but its team reached the World Cup championship , raising its standing in the eyes of billions of people -- and perhaps giving a reprieve to its unpopular government .
Football may explain the world , but it does not improve it .
Venezuela and China have become Cuba 's main economic and commercial partners , and may continue to be so .
But is it possible to create the appropriate conditions -- to filter ideas and execute plans , and thus to facilitate creativity -- under which innovation may flourish ?
Innovation may increase even more when firms and managers realize that even the most successful firms -- those that `` have done everything right '' -- may languish and disappear .
Scientific knowledge is more likely to emerge in environments where it is accepted that there are no prescribed or logical methods for formulating hypotheses ; that they may be the result of sudden inspiration ; or that they may come from dreams , from other disciplines , or from people that belong to different professions or have different backgrounds .
It has to be subject to open criticism from all directions , and only if it survives these tests and criticisms may it be adopted as tentative and conjectural new knowledge .
This is unfortunate , because the theories of innovation may be subject to all the questions , conjectures , and answers that these disciplines have developed with respect to scientific knowledge .
Meanwhile , China is looking to Russia , which may have invented an entirely new model of controlling the Internet without recourse to censorship .
Iran 's Failing `` Mullahnomics '' ISTANBUL -- As the stand-off between Iran 's government and opposition continues , one factor that may determine the outcome , but which is rarely discussed , is the rickety state of the Iranian economy .
The $ 3 fare for a bus ride between Aleppo and Damascus might look cheap to someone from outside Syria , but , given that a well-trained technician may earn only $ 150 monthly , it is almost prohibitively expensive .
The second positive dynamic may come from improved Turkish-Syrian economic ties .
Moreover , in 2009 , the Lebanese set World Trade Organization membership as a priority , and the proposed new free-trade agreement may not advance that goal .
The French Socialist Party may well have just saved ratification of the European Union 's draft Constitutional Treaty by France in next summer 's referendum .
After all , European integration may meet obstacles , but it is still moving forward .
Thus , complete or near-complete avoidance of industrial trans fats -LRB- ? 0.5 % of energy -RRB- may be necessary to avoid adverse effects and minimize health risks .
The current evidence suggests that , compared with Western nations , the intake of trans fats from partially hydrogenated oils may be much higher in developing countries , typically because partially hydrogenated oils represent the cheapest -LRB- and often subsidized -RRB- choice of fat for cooking .
But such measures may increase -- and will be harder to phase out over time -- in the context of a shortfall in aggregate demand .
In other words , if the advanced countries absorb mitigation costs in the short run , while mitigation efforts lower emissions growth in developing countries , the conflict between developing countries ' growth and success in limiting global emissions may be reconciled -- or at least substantially reduced .
While such targets should be self-imposed by advanced countries , they should be allowed to fulfill their obligations , at least in part , by paying to reduce emissions in developing countries -LRB- where such efforts may yield greater benefits -RRB- .
Of course , individual developing countries may be spared .
Successful value investors may mitigate risk by shunning what they consider to be overvalued assets .
It now seems possible that the Union for the Mediterranean -LRB- UfM -RRB- , the mechanism that French President Nicolas Sarkozy set up in 2008 to increase regional cooperation , may actually step up to the challenge of reclaiming the region 's past as the cradle of reason , tolerance , and humanism .
Many young European voters , who may know better , will most likely not look kindly at such opportunistic tactics .
Over the last decade , tests and exams for immigrants have proliferated -- but so have controversies about what they may legitimately ask .
Higher ages for marriage and declining fertility -- resulting directly from widening use of artificial contraception -- are reducing family size to something much closer to the `` nuclear families '' of the West . The Maghreb region may lead in this regard , but the phenomenon is observable throughout the Arab world , even in the most rigidly conservative states .
Advocacy by local and international psychiatric bodies may also encourage Western governments and the European Union to place the issue of political psychiatric abuse on the formal agenda of the regular sessions devoted to human rights that are now a staple of Sino Western relations .
Their choice may depend on what the world demands of them .
A perceived change in American `` behavior '' under the Obama administration may facilitate Khamenei 's support for , or at least acquiescence in , an electoral victory by Mousavi .
Khamenei may be fundamentally opposed to full US-Iranian relations , but a new Iranian president may provide some cover for limited accommodations , including perhaps on the nuclear front .
Indeed , the warlords have been given too big a say in distributing aid already , and it may be hard to strip them of this power .
The West has a big incentive to be generous to Afghanistan 's rural poor . Starving farmers , if unassisted , may return to cultivating a very reliable cash crop : the opium poppy , long a staple of the warlord economy .
In addition , they may have to provide additional resources .
That court , the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , may soon mete out justice to a new defendant , following the arrest in Belgrade of Radovan Karadzic , wartime leader of Bosnia 's Serbs .
Indeed , it may have helped as the leaders of Bosnia , Croatia , and Yugoslavia negotiated an end to the war in Bosnia .
It is , of course , dismaying that 60 years after the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , so many governments disregard the principles that they endorsed so long ago .
One can only guess whether some of those joining this effort are motivated by concern that they themselves may some day face charges like those leveled at Bashir by the ICC judges .
Though Bashir may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting his international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational .
It has had a crucial role in the effort to regularize the mining industry so that the DRC 's mineral wealth may be used to improve living standards , rather than only to enrich local warlords and the foreign governments and corporate interests allied with them .
The attempt by Congolese civil society to foster democratic development may be the best thing that has happened in the country in a long time .
Inasmuch as hate speech involves incitement of imminent violence , it may be made criminal , even in the United States , where freedom of expression enjoys particularly strong legal protection .
Ordinarily , however , the circumstances in which blasphemy may lead to violence are entirely different .
The apparent conflict between doing justice and preserving peace may be resolved through international law .
President Bush 's remarks drove home the importance of strict adherence to the Geneva Conventions and the question of how war crimes trials may be convened in post-war Iraq and who will conduct them .
The commissions may even sentence detainees to death , with no appeal to a civilian court whatsoever .
The solidarity among African leaders that has sustained Robert Mugabe 's brutal regime in Zimbabwe may be on the verge of disintegrating .
Reporters may face criminal prosecution for publishing inaccurate information ; apparently , this is the basis for the reference to `` access to information . ''
Western reporting , once commended for its veracity , now seems discredited across China , although sympathetic coverage of the loss of life in Sichuan may have redeemed the Western media somewhat .
Such skepticism , which is a fundamental attribute of the democratic mind , may have played a role in pushing the government toward more openness in Sichuan .
On the government 's part , the more open media in Sichuan may be mere posturing to appease critics after the Tibet upheaval and the scuffle over the Olympic torch .
That may be the most important lesson of the crisis in Tibet and Sichuan .
Foreign investors and EU politicians may not see through Medvedev 's benign disguise -- or may choose not to .
But while downsizing government may be fashionable in the West , now is not the time for slimming down Burundi 's state sector .
But , while some Western feminist insights may be useful to Afghani women and other women in the developing world as they resist certain forms of male oppression , we should not assume -- as Western feminists often have -- that our job is to proselytize `` our '' feminism .
But many educators have begun to argue that such intervention in what may be a hardwired aspect of `` boy-ness '' can lead to boys ' academic underperformance relative to girls , and to more frequent diagnoses of behavioral problems , attention deficit disorder , and so on .
Now a spate of scientific analyses , based on brain imaging technology and new anthropological and evolutionary discoveries , suggests that we may have had our heads in the sand , and that we must be willing to grapple with what seem to be at least some genuine , measurable differences between the sexes .
So much that enrages women , or leads them to feel rejected or unheard , may not reflect men 's conscious neglect or even sexism , but simply their brains ' wiring !
But it may mean we can understand each other a bit better and be more patient as we seek communication .
In this crisis , the US president should form a united front with human rights groups , which can advise him exactly how to follow , sustain , and support those Iranians who have been or may yet be arrested , or worse .
But there are nonetheless striking similarities in the crises that have bedeviled the two African nations . Those similarities are providing Zimbabwe 's citizens with the hope that they may soon see the back of Mugabe .
He may have had more than the departing Taylor in mind when he said , `` It has indeed been a shameful thing that , as Africans , we have killed ourselves for such a long time . ''
America 's membership in a web of multilateral institutions ranging from the UN to NATO may reduce US autonomy , but seen in the light of a constitutional bargain , the multilateral ingredient of America 's current preeminence is a key to its longevity , because it reduces the incentives for constructing alliances against the US .
Self defense is permitted under Article 51 of the UN Charter , and pre-emptive self defense may be necessary when a terrorist organization presents a strong or imminent threat .
When the US does so in pursuit of public goods that benefit others as well as Americans , the nature of America 's ends may substitute for the means in making US power acceptable in the eyes of others .
In such cases , the likelihood of failure increases , because of the intrinsically multilateral nature of transnational issues in a global age , and the costly effects on US soft power that unaccepted unilateral actions may impose .
Usually , such a vision provides a scenario for the future that is meant to encourage change , though it may also portray the status quo -- or the past -- as attractive , thereby encouraging resistance to change .
What plays well with one group may not sit well with another .
It squandered American soft power , diverted attention from Afghanistan and Al Qaeda , and created a danger that Iraq may become a haven for terrorists .
Part of the answer may be that when students were marching in the streets protesting , they did not sing the `` Internationale '' ; they sang `` We Shall Overcome . ''
The 60 % turnout in the January elections and the scenes of Iraqis risking their lives to vote has led to hopes that a political settlement in Iraq may be possible .
Nonetheless , the elections may have softened some of the sense of illegitimacy that has clouded Bush 's Iraq policy .
Eventually , after the dust has settled , it may be possible to reach inter-governmental agreements to tidy up some of the institutional arrangements that would have been settled if the new constitution had been approved .
Such a practical , effective EU may not reach the lofty rhetorical aspirations beloved by politicians , but it will not be moribund .
In other words , the invasion of Iraq , and the subsequent increase in the rhetoric of democracy in the Middle East , may have changed frames of reference about the status quo .
If this occurs in Iraq , it may provide some post hoc legitimization for the war .
The Bush administration may be correct in arguing that the extremely high costs and risks of promoting democracy are less than the costs and risks of allowing the authoritarian status quo in the Middle east to persist indefinitely .
If anything , too rapid a democratic transition may destabilize governments and enhance the extremists ' opportunities to wreak havoc .
At worst , they may be able to foment a civil war .
If he is able to produce a stable constitution , a political compromise among the contesting parties , and successful elections , he may be able to declare victory .
Now , with signs of a reviving economy , Japan 's soft power may increase even more .
Indeed , if the US continues to pursue unattractive policies , it may find that its absence from the summit in Malaysia in December is a harbinger of things to come .
But , as the Ukraine episode indicates , pipelines dedicated to a single country may be less reliable than those that run through several countries .
Small neighbors without options will suffer , but Europe may not .
Dazzling military victories in Afghanistan and Iraq may mislead us about the war on terrorism .
Military measures may not deal with the largest part of the problem , but they are essential sometimes .
In such instances , military assistance may be relevant ; in others , intervention may be necessary .
The Soviet Union may have been doomed , but the world has Gorbachev to thank for the fact that the empire he oversaw ended without a bloody conflagration .
`` In this war , some of the most critical battles may not be in the mountains of Afghanistan or the streets of Iraq , but in newsrooms in New York , London , Cairo , and elsewhere .
Nor will soft power be sufficient to stop Iran 's nuclear program , though the legitimacy of the Bush administration 's current multilateral approach may help to recruit other countries to a coalition that isolates Iran .
Rumsfeld may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice .
At first glance , a `` surgical '' strike may look tempting .
As Theodore Roosevelt once said , negotiations may go better when you talk softly but carry a big stick .
Many NATO countries with troops in Afghanistan have `` national caveats '' that restrict how their troops may be used .
Governments in Europe and the US are concerned about budget problems , but in a larger perspective , providing significantly greater resources to Afghanistan now may turn out to save more funds later .
He has removed generals John Abizaid and George Casey , who were skeptical of a troop `` surge , '' and moved Ambassador Zalmay Khalizad , who was supposed to negotiate a political agreement in Iraq .
Ironically , there may once have been a point at which a large increase in troops might have made a difference .
But it may be too late for political compromise , and the Maliki government may not be capable of a broad non-sectarian policy .
If Bush 's new military plan is a temporary step to buy time to move in the direction of the Iraq Study Group 's proposals of training Iraqi forces and gradually withdrawing American forces , there may be something to be said for it as one last chance , but only if it is accompanied by the diplomatic advice that the study group also suggested .
There may not be as much conflict between these two agendas as first appears .
The mere fact that high-level Russians reappeared in Davos to defend themselves may be a small but healthy sign .
Similarly , the threat of pandemics means that Americans may come to recognize the importance of a stronger World Health Organization , just as the problem of nuclear proliferation is increasing awareness of the importance of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
The exit of some of the most strident neo-conservatives in the Bush administration over the past year has also helped , and with growing opposition to the Iraq War , some Americans are beginning to think that the French may have had a point after all .
Whatever the outcome of the French election , French-American relations are likely to remain on a steady course , and may well improve further after the US presidential election 2008 .
The former runs the risk of developing a new bureaucracy , but the latter may forego continuity .
Similarly , while the General Assembly may have agreed that states have a `` responsibility to protect , '' many members agreed only in a very limited sense .
That may be enough to influence some governments , but the Burmese junta recently expelled the UN 's representative after he warned of `` a deteriorating humanitarian situation . ''
Or it may deal with its problems and become a `` responsible stakeholder '' in world politics .
At the same time , except for some religious leaders , such as the Dalai Lama , soft power is rarely sufficient , while leaders who only court popularity may be reluctant to exercise hard power when they should .
Alternatively , leaders who throw their weight around without regard to the effects on their soft power may find others placing obstacles in the way of their hard power .
He may have been correct , but we sometimes forget that the opposite of love is not fear , but hatred .
A lifetime of social reinforcement based on their genetically given looks may have encoded into their voice patterns a tone of confidence that could be projected over the phone .
Rather , it increases the prospects of corrupt leakage that may allow terrorist groups access to nuclear weapons .
Now it hints that it may resume enrichment , and recent press reports about the imports from Pakistan suggest Iran failed to disclose everything to the IAEA .
Iran may ask what right others have to demand that it forego nuclear weapons .
That may change after the 2008 American election . Both presidential candidates , Barack Obama and John McCain , promise to take climate change more seriously .
Some scientists predict that climate change will cause severe disruptions , such as weather-related natural disasters , droughts , and famines , which may lead to enormous loss of life .
But such external shocks may also have indirect effects by aggravating the disparities between developed and developing countries and creating additional incentives for mass migration to rich , less affected , and more adaptable regions .
In addition , climate change will put stress on weak governments in poor countries and may lead to an increase in the number of failed states and become an indirect source of international conflict .
In other words , to prevent dangerous climate change and promote their own security , the US and other rich countries may have to forge a partnership with China , India , and others to develop creative ideas , technologies , and policies .
In 2004 , shortly before the election , Osama bin Laden released a video tape that may have helped President Bush defeat Senator John Kerry .
Machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a prince to be feared than to be loved . Machiavelli may be correct , but we sometimes forget that the opposite of love is not fear , but hatred .
The rise of China and India may create instability , but it is a problem with precedents , and we can learn from history about how policies can affect the outcome .
The problems of the diffusion of power -LRB- away from states -RRB- may turn out to be more difficult than shifts in power between states .
Cyber attacks may also interfere with financial markets and cause immense economic loss by closing down commercial Web sites .
In situations where groups have difficulties living together , it may be possible to allow a degree of autonomy in the determination of internal affairs .
Where such loosening of the bonds is still not enough , it may be possible in some cases to arrange an amicable divorce , as happened when Czechoslovakia peacefully divided into two sovereign countries in 1993 .
The US may be the only superpower , but preponderance is not empire .
Networks based on strong ties produce the power of loyalty , but may become cliques that re-circulate conventional wisdom .
The spread of foreign species of flora and fauna to new areas has wiped out native species , and may result in economic losses of several hundred billion dollars per year .
Easy travel plus hard economic times means that immigration rates may accelerate to the point where social friction exceeds general economic benefit .
Similarly , hard economic times may worsen relations among governments , as well as domestic conflicts that can lead to violence .
And , while depressed economic activity may slow somewhat the rate of greenhouse-gas build-up in the atmosphere , it will also slow the types of costly programs that governments must enact to address emissions that have already occurred .
So , unless governments cooperate to stimulate their economies and resist protectionism , the world may find that the current economic crisis does not mean the end of globalization , but only the end of the good kind , leaving us with the worst of all worlds .
Ironically , the temptation to go it alone may ultimately weaken the US in this domain .
But in a decade or two , Chinese may become the language of the largest number of Internet users .
While potential coalitions to check American power may be created , it is unlikely that they will become firm alliances unless the US handles its hard coercive power in an overbearing unilateral manner that undermines its `` soft '' or attractive power .
But , more carefully stated , what scholars show is that liberal democracies almost never go to war with each other , and it may be that a liberal constitutional culture is more important than the mere fact of elections .
Similarly , students can learn from the results of scientific studies , limited though they may be , and by studying the range of behaviors and contexts that historical episodes can illuminate .
That may be true in the domain of hard military power , but it is not true of soft-power resources .
War and force may be down , but they are not out .
Military theorists today write about `` fourth generation warfare '' that sometimes has `` no definable battlefields or fronts '' ; indeed , the distinction between civilian and military may disappear .
Under the new conditions , a soft sell may , more than ever , prove more effective than a hard sell .
In addition , China may be approaching an economic transition .
But , as America 's savings rate begins to rise , China 's export-led growth model , which has promoted employment in China at the cost of global trade imbalances , may no longer be possible .
If China responds to entreaties to revalue the yuan , it may need to look tough on other issues to appease nationalist sentiment .
This overconfidence in foreign policy , combined with insecurity in domestic affairs , may combine to explain the change in Chinese behavior in the latter part of 2009 .
While a BRICs meeting may be convenient for coordinating some short-term diplomatic tactics , the term lumps together disparate countries that have deep divisions .
As The Economist has noted , `` talk of Europe 's relative decline seems to be everywhere just now ... You may hear glum figures about Europe 's future weight and with some reason .
By 2060 , it may account for just 6 % -- and almost a third of these will be more than 65 years old . ''
But all this potential strength may be to no avail if Europeans do not solve the immediate problems stemming from financial markets ' loss of confidence in the euro .
China 's increased financial power may have increased its ability to resist American entreaties , but despite dire predictions , its creditor role has not been sufficient to compel the US to change its policies .
Yet , as China gradually increases domestic consumption rather than relying on exports as its engine of economic growth , its leaders may begin to feel less dependent than they now are on access to the US market as a source of job creation , which is crucial for internal political stability .
With its current levels of immigration , America is one of the few developed countries that may avoid demographic decline and keep its share of world population , but this might change if reactions to terrorist events or public xenophobia closed the borders .
In addition , even though studies suggest that the short-term , directly measurable economic benefits at the national level are relatively small , and unskilled workers may suffer from competition , skilled immigrants can be important to particular economic sectors .
Estimates by United Nations demographers suggest that Russia 's population may decline from 145 million today to 121 million by mid-century .
The countries of the European Union have been more willing to experiment with limiting state sovereignty , and they may push for more institutional innovation .
A bankrupt debtor who owes $ 1,000 has little power , but if it owes $ 1 billion , it may have considerable bargaining power -- witness the fate of institutions judged `` too big to fail '' in the 2008 financial crisis .
Demonstration of military success in `` protecting '' the regime may indeed be designed to strengthen the 28-year-old general 's claim to power .
For one thing , the divisive war in Iraq may turn out to be the last act of the twentieth century rather than a harbinger of the twenty-first .
If Obama fails to support the governments in Egypt , Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , or Yemen , he may jeopardize important foreign-policy goals such as Middle East peace , a naval base in the Persian gulf , stability in oil markets , or cooperation against Al Qaeda terrorists .
Some observers , such as the Harvard historian Niall Ferguson , believe that `` debating the stages of decline may be a waste of time -- it is a precipitous and unexpected fall that should most concern policy makers and citizens . ''
And the real price of 9\/11 may be the opportunity costs : for most of the first decade of this century , as the world economy gradually shifted its center of gravity toward Asia , the US was preoccupied with a mistaken war of choice in the Middle East .
Serbia 's Choice On January 20 , Serbs go to the polls for the first round of a presidential election that may decide the country 's future for decades to come .
Now , after a lengthy and difficult period of reflection and bargaining , those efforts may be in jeopardy again .
The extraordinary implosion of global financial markets may also work to the advantage of the Yes side in a second referendum , because Ireland 's economic future can not be contemplated seriously outside of EU structures .
National courts may consider the effects of European integration on their constitutional and democratic institutions , affirming or rejecting the integration that has already taken place , or setting limits to supranational arrangements that might further impinge on national sovereignty .
But disorderly appreciation may seriously affect China 's economic growth by disrupting its export industries , which would generate major adverse effects on all of East Asia .
The implication here is that relying on free movement of capital to achieve exchange-rate appreciation and current-account deficits may generate a myriad of problems , including slower economic growth and the threat of asset bubbles and financial crises of their own .
Furthermore , exchange-rate movements are essentially determined by financial flows and may have no effects in terms of correcting global trade imbalances .
The second paradox is that monetary expansion may be largely ineffective in the country that undertakes it , but can generate large negative externalities on others .
In fact , implementing the IMF 's guidelines may require eliminating provisions in several free-trade agreements -LRB- particularly those signed by the US -RRB- that restrict the use of capital-account regulations .
In the current global market , the life cycle of an electronic device may include the synthesis of labor and material from a dozen or more countries .
In January 2001 , Bo Xhi Lai , then mayor of Dalian , was promoted to governor of Liaoning province .
Instead , China 's highest officials publicly insist that they run the most centrally controlled government in the world , with full authority to appoint or dismiss mayors , governments , and bureaucrats .
A decade or two of economic freedom and growth will give China 's people an appetite for self-determination and participation that may surprise the rest of us .
Already , some village leaders are elected ; this may slowly spread to regional officials , and then upward to the central government .
Given the obvious importance of the post in recent years , the choice of Mr. Zhu 's replacement may be of even more significance than President Jiang 's departure from center stage .
As mayor of Shanghai , he once disciplined his tourist bureau officials by making them scrub the city 's public toilets themselves .
Nigeria , a fragile coalition of ethnic groups , may not be sliding into a second civil war -LRB- yet -RRB- , but inter-ethnic relations could worsen if the Boko Haram menace is not quickly tackled .
Nnamani 's sudden decision to recall the lawmakers in the wake of the vote may be the first step in this direction .
If , down the road , there is no international military presence in the region , the US may choose to make its military presence permanent .
This may only partly appease Russia 's displeasure at being reduced to second-class status in its own backyard , but will allow Russia to address its own self-defined strategic interests .
There may be some justification for each EMU state to be represented in the G-8 , but not in the main economic organizations .
It should also be obvious that , in the absence of currency markets to act as a `` valve '' for economic and financial pressures , economic volatility may increase .
Indeed , a `` financial G-6 '' may today make more sense than the current G-7 , but that may no longer hold true tomorrow .
In another 10 years , India may be in the top echelon of economic powers . Or Britain might have joined the euro , making its independent role redundant .
The status quo would be reinforced further by the principle that no country may increase its security to the detriment of another .
Moving to a model in which carbon emission levels and growth move in opposite directions -- what we call a post-carbon economy -- may start with agreements in Copenhagen to reduce carbon in the air .
The third phase was one of economic catch-up , which , unlike the first two phases , has not really been successful in Hungary , which today may even be falling back .
The West needs to cultivate relations with these people and invest in the economy , while rejecting the brutality of the regime , which may become easier if privatization moves ahead .
Investment in Belarus arguably strengthens the regime , but it also may be necessary for the eventual emergence of a democratic Belarus .
The price of reform has been high . But all the hard work these states have undertaken to prepare themselves for EU membership may be squandered should they choose to adopt the euro too soon .
But this may not be optimal for the transition economies , which are still experiencing deep structural changes accompanied by sizable relative price adjustments and large capital inflows .
But in practical terms , this effect may be implausible if a high proportion of dollar-denominated debt burdens a candidate .
In smaller transition countries , such as the Baltic states , the financial infrastructure may not be sufficiently advanced to conduct monetary policy through open-market operations and to provide appropriate signals for policymakers .
Hard pegs in the form of a strict currency board -- these states ' current arrangement -- may be their only prudent policy choice .
The symbolism of that treaty promises much , not least the idea that civil wars and US interventions may be things of the past .
They may become malicious and aggressive in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The Iranian - and Syrian-backed Hezbollah militia may reinitiate hostilities .
Terrorist groups , both old and newly created , may receive fresh funding and volunteers .
On the contrary , the international community must be ready to enforce the most sacrosanct rules of peaceful coexistence , and sometimes this may include resorting to the use of force .
While an end to all contacts would probably lead to further radicalization , negotiations and the mere prospect of a future settlement may reinforce the influence of moderates .
But that argument is unjustified : while institutions such as the UN and NGOs may work on social development , they are under-funded compared to the ADB .
If American officials do not begin to recognize the realities of today 's globalized world , the US may unwittingly -LRB- and self-destructively -RRB- find itself cut off from the kinds of new foreign investment flows that are sorely needed to revitalize its manufacturing and infrastructure sectors .
Indeed , it may be a painful recognition , but America 's share of worldwide foreign direct investment is now half of what it was two decades ago .
But coming as it does only one month after the alarming Russian-Georgian confrontation , it may offer real hope that tensions in the volatile Caucasus region can be eased .
Now Turkey has moved ahead , and may even join the European Union .
With Azerbaijan having spent extravagantly on armaments in recent years it may now have convinced itself that it now holds the upper hand .
Just as a loss of confidence among Kurds and Turks in eastern Turkey will rock the shaky stability that they have recently enjoyed , a loss of hope for a settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute may end the tentative military calm between Armenians and Azerbaijanis .
Turkish diplomacy has thus become a well-calibrated balancing act , moving closer to European positions in the Middle East , but eager to maintain close relations with the US . If this approach succeeds , Europe 's bridge to Asia may also become its bridge to America .
Given reasonable security conditions , she may be able to navigate Israel from war to peace .
If she becomes prime minister , her term may prove to be a window of opportunity , perhaps a last chance , to enact this least-of-evils settlement for the region 's future .
Here is an Israel that you may not recognize , especially if the electronic media is your window on the world .
Livni may fail in several ways .
Even if she persists , she may break her teeth on the same bones of contention that kept her predecessors from achieving security and peace .
That said , Israel 's unity may be short-lived .
Therein may lie a blessing in disguise , but the curses are more obvious .
This election may sound a wake-up call to the moderates , and Livni is their tested leader .
There also may be serious direct consequences for human health if climate change is not checked , particularly increased morbidity and mortality as a result of heat waves , floods , and droughts .
Entrepreneurs need to face competition in order to develop , whereas individuals who are laid off may have difficulties getting back into productive work .
But , regardless of how bad Europe 's political and financial leaders may seem , a sudden rise in the number of incompetent or immoral individuals throughout the eurozone 's periphery is not a credible explanation of this crisis .
Second , carry traders borrow short-term money in Japan but may invest in longer-term assets outside Japan .
This may well be the case for Japan , which has a rapidly aging population .
Current ultra-low interest rates may be scaring people about the adequacy of future income .
At this stage , the policy has become a contributor to global financial fragility , and it may be retarding Japan 's own prosperity by contributing to consumer anxieties .
China 's currency policy means that dollar depreciation , rather than improving America 's trade balance and stanching its leakage of jobs and investment , may inadvertently spread these problems to the rest of the world .
Though higher airline ticket prices may reduce purchases , airlines reduce oil consumption only when they cancel flights .
If central banks save their `` rate cut '' bullets for a later day , they may find that their ammunition is useless .
But the greatest damage may come from the credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- market that brought down AIG .
China 's environmental problems , complex as the causes may be , can ultimately be attributed to our understanding of Marxism .
This may explain why Lebanese college graduates of all faiths often include the name and profession of their parents in their resumes , or why one of the first Arabic words that a foreigner learns after settling in Lebanon is wasta -LRB- connections -RRB- .
For example , people may see an inevitable tradeoff between tough environmental standards and jobs .
In the event of sovereign defaults , moreover , the cost of bailing out the banks may far exceed the cost of issuing Eurobonds or instituting a reasonable transfer regime .
There are 150 local Muslim councillors and eight mayors , slightly fewer than other ethnic minorities , but not alarmingly so .
They may marry non-Muslims , but do not allow others to marry their women , and expect those marrying within Islam to convert to it .
Armenia may have adopted in 1995 a new Constitution with fine phrases about freedom of speech , but both the petty harassments and the mortal threats of the Soviet era remain .
This year 's task may be to reach a global understanding in Copenhagen that is not too prescriptive , but which is more than aspirational and into which an American domestic political agreement can be incorporated once Obama achieves it .
There may sometimes be a downside in trying to woo your opponents .
So my own hope is that Obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike .
American airports are as dire as British ones , maybe worse .
The economy may look bad , but the president looks great .
So , while the economic numbers may look bad , the country 's political leadership looks great .
That is when the old political calculus may take its grim toll .
If there are no signs of economic recovery by the end of the year , the polls may start to turn .
You may recall the story of Richard Nixon attending the independence celebrations in Ghana .
Obama may have come to understand that when you are the leader of the world 's only superpower , you need to be feared just a little if you are to be respected .
North Korea may also have a few bombs . Iran is believed by many to be trying to develop one .
China may point to the mountain of US Treasury bonds that it has bought up , thereby helping to sustain America 's budget deficit .
Naturally , there may be a touch of geopolitical calculation about this .
Japanese businessmen may be a little puzzled by the creative chaos of India ; the argumentative culture can seem alien to them .
We ca n't live forever in the past , magnificent as its relics may be .
GAZA CITY -- It is easier to enter a maximum-security prison than it is to enter the strip of land -- 45 kilometers long and maybe eight wide -- that is home to Gaza 's 1.5 million Palestinians .
What may make sense in the vast open reaches of Texas will not necessarily work in rural France or Britain .
A few weeks of rain in Australia has emboldened those who think that global warming is a gigantic hoax perpetrated by the United Nations or conspiring scientists or maybe men from Mars .
Then again , maybe we 're lucky that things are n't worse .
While China may have started to throw a bit of its weight around -- for example , in its own neighborhood in pursuit of maritime reach and undersea oil -- the main threat that it poses is that the country falls apart , not that it continues to thrive .
Nor is there any plan on offer from other emerging powers , though in time India may show growing alarm about China 's muscle-flexing , and Brazil may question whether it has really been wise to cosset Venezuela and Cuba .
This year , however , the `` big spend '' in Europe may have been inhibited by the big winter freeze and the big austerity programs across most of the continent .
It may be his last before he hands over power to his apparently designated successor , Vice President Xi Jinping , in 2012 -- coincidentally the same year that President Barack Obama will be campaigning for a second term in the White House .
And it 's the city where Europe 's future may be shaped -- Istanbul , not Brussels , Paris , or Berlin .
Nor did climate change feature prominently in his argument , although many experts suggest that this may be the cause of the droughts and floods that have ruined wheat harvests in Australia and vegetable oil production in Indonesia and Malaysia .
How do we manage our relationship with Iran , which may -- or may not -- wish to develop a military nuclear capability as well as civil nuclear power ?
Europe should get more seriously involved , even at the risk of occasionally irritating America , which may be less likely to happen once the Bush administration is history .
Much as some may hate to admit it , anti-Americanism is a sentiment that has been fed and nurtured during the Bush years .
This is perhaps the main reason why the scientific rejection of dualism may be so hard to swallow : it seems to diminish the moral status of people .
Of course , not all the human health consequences of global warming may be bad .
Very high temperatures in hot regions may reduce snail populations , which have a role in transmitting schistosomiasis , a parasitic disease .
High winds -- caused by parching of the earth 's surface -- may disperse pollution .
Warmer winters in normally chilly areas may reduce cold-related heart attacks and respiratory ailments .
The two civilian leaders may soon begin vying with each other to see who can claim to be more anti-Musharraf .
Indeed , helicopter gun-ships and expensive crop replacement programs may provide TV-friendly images that politicians love , but do nothing to lessen the demand for drugs .
Peasant farmers may , for a time , be bribed or intimidated -LRB- the Taliban executes Afghan poppy growers -RRB- into cultivating crops other than poppy or coca .
They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that . But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails , so long as there are rich drug users in the West , they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families .
Even stalwart supporters of EU membership may feel that their countries are not being treated as equals if they are bullied for holding a different opinion than bigger members .
Perhaps more to the point , they feel that as long as a European security system is not in place , they may yet need the US to defend their security and independence .
Indeed , his broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms , currently being discussed at the EU Convention , which aim to streamline decision-making within the EU by creating institutions that would , in effect , give more power to countries with bigger populations .
But even these benefits may be curtailed by the continuing economic downturn in much of Western Europe .
There seems to be a Catch-22 at work here : introducing the common currency may prompt foreign investment , although this will depend on the ability of the new members to lower their public finance deficits .
So , at least in these three countries , the rise of post-fascist tendencies , nationalism , and political extremism may not be temporary , as in Central Europe , or remain the marginal phenomena witnessed recently in Western Europe .
Poland , as its stance over the EU constitution demonstrated , pursues its own specific interests in a united Europe , which may be difficult to harmonize with the interests of smaller Central European states .
Poland may find that it has security and other interests in common with some states of a similar size in the current EU .
For the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia , close cooperation with Poland may not be the best way to protect their interests in the EU , as their interests and the interests of a big , self-confident Poland may not be identical .
It may be more natural for the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia to strive for closer regional cooperation with Austria and Slovenia , the contours of which can already be seen in some existing regional groupings .
Cynics may argue that the new member countries could afford to make such concessions because they would end up with hefty EU subsidies anyway .
Sitting on the sidelines , emerging-market economies in general , and the so-called BRIC countries -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -RRB- in particular , may feel fortunate to be spared this financial maelstrom .
This may be the most difficult task , and it is mainly a responsibility for the Europeans .
Avoiding contact with individual Palestinian ministers who violate these commitments may be necessary , but ostracizing the entire Palestinian administration must end .
Such moderation , taken alone , is welcome , of course . But the measures taken may be delaying recovery .
There are also ideas to address speculative swings . They may induce wasteful investment and a loss in innovation .
Their `` corrections '' may also have costs -- a business slump and a further loss of innovation .
Regaining a well-functioning capitalism may be a steep mountain to climb .
Unless you are an expert on space engineering and imaging software , you may have some trouble at that point .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
For every one of the world 's 10,000 bird species , there may be 10 or perhaps even 100 other unknown species of animals , plants , or fungi .
Fourth , pollen from GM crops may `` contaminate '' organically produced food .
But maybe those who oppose private seed corporations are really against capitalism and the market economy rather than GM seed .
The global food crisis of 2007-2008 was a warning of what the future may hold in store if we continue with business as usual , including misplaced opposition to the use of modern science in food and agriculture .
Nevertheless , Putin still considers it necessary to pose in front of television cameras every few months to report that Russian scientists have developed some new missile that can penetrate any anti-ballistic missile system that the US may erect .
While Beijing\/Shenyang exercise should have indicated to Russian leaders that China 's intentions toward Russia may not always be benign , Russia 's political and military leadership seem not to sense any threat ; on the contrary , they continue to sell the Chinese advanced weapons .
The national kleptocrats may soon start calling for its reversal , and they are in an increasingly strong position to do so .
The resulting mayhem has served only to spawn new suicide bombers willing to bring fresh terror to Russia 's heartland .
Transplanting laws , indeed , seems as risky as transplanting organs because , like organs , legal transplants may be rejected .
So , even though a law may be standardized , law enforcement may see divergent outcomes ;
It may also avoid transplanting solutions that simply wo n't work absent complementary domestic legal rules and institutions .
Of course , this task is more difficult and time consuming than designing general standards , but the payoff may be worth it .
This may not happen .
While domestic credit booms may be a threat in the future , emerging-market banks have mostly remained immune from the fallout of the financial crisis .
This may make skeptics the very people European policymakers wanted to convince .
This estimate may look astonishingly high , but it is relatively conservative , as it assumes that only one-quarter of the initial shock will result in permanently lower output .
Subjecting banks , some of which are still ailing , to new regulation may lead them to curtail lending even more , thereby further weakening the pace of economic recovery .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
This may still look small , but it is hardly a trivial sum in view of the short-term growth outlook in the developed world .
For politicians obsessed by current difficulties , whether the next crisis occurs in 50 or 75 years may seem secondary .
But even the ECB can not be indifferent to the risks of appreciation , because a strong euro may seriously complicate economic adjustment in countries like Spain , Portugal , Greece , and Ireland .
When the rules of the global monetary game are unclear , inadequate , or obsolete , countries can not abide by them , and some may attempt to exploit them to their own advantage .
What America 's affirmative action programs may not do is set quotas for minorities , as this prevents competition between different groups .
As a result , a university may select a black student with a satisfactory score on the admissions test , even if there is a white student with a better score .
A major tipping point may have been the red-shirt leaders ' allusion to the conspicuous royal silence in response to the army 's violent suppression , which heightened the army 's fear of a clear and present danger to the monarchy .
If ASEAN is not allowed a mediating role , the Thai-Cambodian spat may wind its way back to the United Nations Security Council , which earlier delegated the issue to ASEAN amidst heavy lobbying by Cambodia and Thailand .
Third , where risks are regional or global rather than local , many national governments , especially in poorer and smaller countries , may drag their heels in the hope that larger and richer countries will bear the costs of addressing them .
Knowing this , larger and richer countries may be reluctant to take precautionary measures , as this would reward and thus encourage `` free riding . ''
Fourth , countries are poor often because of weak , inefficient , or corrupt government , characteristics that may disable them from taking cost-justified precautions .
At the current rate , NASA may not complete the task for another decade , even though such mapping is the key to an asteroid defense because it may give us years of warning .
The risk may be slight , but if the consequences should it materialize are great enough , the expected cost of disaster may be sufficient to warrant defensive measures .
In first place is Evo Morales , an Amayra Indian running under the Movement Toward Socialism banner who is sometimes seen as Che Guevara 's second coming .
But when the dust settles , the new data may be less revolutionary than some people believe . They may also have the unintended benefit of shifting a key policy debate in a more productive direction .
If all goes well , a Koizumi visit to China may be in the offing . Koizumi has long sought an official visit , only to be stymied by Chinese opposition to his Yasukuni visits .
If the US is looking to develop a post-Cold War strategic relationship with India to counter Chinese influence in South and Southeast Asia , the recent China-India agreements suggests that an alternative strategic calculus may exist in both China and India .
We may feel the pain of falling back from a level of affluence to which we have grown accustomed , but most people in developed countries are still , by historical standards , extraordinarily well off .
While attempts to stir up hatred against adherents of a religion , or to incite violence against them , may legitimately be suppressed , criticism of religion as such should not be .
If , on the other hand , a religion 's adherents have no right to protection against criticism of their religion , then , even in Germany , Holocaust victims and their descendants -LRB- I am one -RRB- should not be protected against advertising campaigns that , though not intended to incite hatred or violence , may cause them offense .
Finally , some question whether Megrahi really was the perpetrator of the crime , and this may have played a role in MacAskill 's decision -LRB- although , if so , that would have been better left to the courts to resolve -RRB- .
Development costs have to be passed on in drug prices , which may be exceptionally high when a drug benefits only a relatively small number of patients .
This one-size-fits-all approach may be convenient , but the failure to differentiate among suicide bombers vastly oversimplifies the realities that define the fight against terrorism . To be sure , Hamas and Islamic Jihad are often no less brutal than Al Qaeda or JI .
Indeed , while the demands of millenarians can never be met , thus leaving repression as the only means to deal with them , nationalism may be -LRB- and often is -RRB- effectively addressed through political means : when the legitimate and more widely shared nationalist goals are met , the radical fringe often loses its wider appeal and withers away .
Suicide bombers who target innocent Israeli civilians -- and sometimes legitimate military objectives -- rightly or wrongly appear to counterbalance Israeli `` strategic '' strikes . Thus , despite repeated condemnation by establishment figures within the ummah -LRB- the worldwide community of Muslims -RRB- , some forms of suicide bombing may enjoy the quiet admiration of many .
Hasnain made his remark to the New Scientist in 1999 , only five years after the retreat had reached its peak and only two to three years after the slowdown began -- far too soon to say that the trend had changed . The IPCC 's use of his remark may have been rash , but was not misleading because in 2003-2004 , the year before it finalized its fourth report , the changed trend would have been barely perceptible
First , the fighting itself may not be the cakewalk that some assert .
We should not forswear that option , but we ought to consider others , not least because the Security Council - whose backing will be politically if not legally crucial - may never support invasion .
Indeed , there are no practical reasons for Russia 's current system of governance to fall into crisis -LRB- although such reasons may emerge in the event of an economic downturn -RRB- .
Hurst estimates that this `` structural '' unemployment may account for up to three percentage points of total unemployment .
Or it may be an explicit bias : an economist might write a report that is influenced by what a sponsor wants to hear , or give testimony that is purely mercenary .
One way to restore trust may be disclosure -- for economists to declare a monetary interest in a particular analysis and , more generally , to explain who pays us .
The main advantage that academic economists have over professional forecasters may be their greater awareness of established relationships between factors .
While there may be some factors that signal turning points -- a run-up in short-term leverage and asset prices , for example , often presages a bust -- they are not infallible predictors of trouble to come .
And it may well be that academic economists have little to say about short-term economic movements , so that forecasting , with all its errors , is best left to professional forecasters .
Short-duration benefits may have been appropriate when recoveries were fast and jobs plentiful , because the fear of losing benefits before finding a job may have given workers an incentive to look harder .
Assuming the foreign oil assets are priced fairly at the time of purchase , the country benefits only when the purchase helps smooth its income ; however , purchases may increase income volatility even for a country that relies heavily on oil .
The danger is that the interim administration may hand out contracts to those well connected in Washington or the rich westernized Baghdad elite that gets cozy with whatever government is in power .
But now that Europe 's internal economic boundaries have been mostly removed , and the political objective has shifted to political unification , integration may no longer be so market-friendly .
The pro-market bias that characterized EU policy up to now -LRB- with notable exceptions , such as agricultural policy -RRB- may well shift in the opposite direction .
The adverse distributive effects of market-based finance may serve to further strengthen anti-market forces in Europe , especially in southern Europe .
And , depending on weather and the nuclear discharge , the radioactive consequences may not remain localized .
And , while Israel 's Arrow ballistic missile defenses , which now surround Dimona , may be superior to the Patriot system that failed in 1991 , Syria 's more advanced Scuds and Iran 's Shahab 3 rocket present a more capable challenge than Saddam 's projectiles .
Until the Middle East resolves its political differences , it may not .
How those sanctions worked in tandem with other forms of pressure provides hope that they may yet help turn Iran around .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
The Syrian episode suggests that it can not , which means that Israel may decide to go it alone once again , this time to eliminate Iran 's nuclear facilities .
Portions of Iran 's nuclear program may be too heavily bunkered , dispersed , or concealed .
Israel 's nuclear history provides no clear answer , but the future may force the issue .
It may have inserted computer worms into Iran 's atomic infrastructure .
South Korea 's evolving foreign policy also may involve moving closer to China , as Korean nationalists join the Chinese in resisting Japan 's rival claims to potential hydrocarbon deposits in the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan .
It may have a population of less than one million , but it has a proud , heroic history and a rich culture built up over centuries of diverse ethnic and colonial influences .
At direct stake today is Pakistan 's future , but its future may determine the political fates of neighboring countries that are also struggling with violent Islamic fundamentalism .
Unfortunately , some analysts suggest that a Taiwan-ASEAN Free Trade Agreement of the likes of CAFTA may not yet be possible , so , in the interim , President Ma 's administration is striving to achieve separate free-trade agreements with various ASEAN members .
This may be sufficient to produce measurable and perhaps marked changes in climate . ''
That is why Copenhagen is so important : it may well be our last to address climate change before it addresses us .
Indeed , projections from McKinsey & Company suggest that the purchasing power of this rising middle class in emerging markets may rise to $ 20 trillion over the next decade -- twice the current level of consumption in the United States .
Yugoslavia gave way to Slovenia , Croatia , Bosnia , Serbia , Macedonia ; it may perhaps shortly disgorge Kosovo and Montenegro as well .
The mayhem of the Second World War was followed by more than 40 years of Communist dictatorship in Central and Eastern Europe .
In Copenhagen we will make concrete decisions on how we may strengthen their preparations for membership .
Opening the economy and freeing internal markets may well entail sizable redistribution between rich and poor , but in opposite directions in the two groups of countries .
But , while System II choices may be more effective than System-I decisions , they are more `` expensive '' to make : one needs data , analysis , and concentration .
The benefits of tax evasion may far outweigh the risk of getting caught , but imagine if everyone decided to evade taxes at the same time .
This is crucial , because whatever technical advances there may be in solar and other renewable energy sources , we will depend on coal and oil for the next 40 years .
The environment of fear that arises has little to do with bad government policies , although bad policy may exacerbate the situation .
Businessmen and women become afraid that stocks , and the values of the machines and factories that back those stocks , may fall further .
Although fiscal expansion may have played a role in this success , central bank intervention was the most important component by far .
It may be tempting to dismiss the Enola patent as an aberration , but there are hundreds of examples of such biopiracy .
The commission of war crimes may trigger international intervention à la Kosovo or East Timor .
But what may be lost is how many people did believe .
The world may have moved on , chastened by the realization that interveners , even when intervening in the name of human rights , can be as barbaric as tin pot dictators .
This may not be a bad thing .
While the jury is out on whether there has really been such a seamless transition of global economic leadership , Asia must face up to the critical challenges that may come with this new role .
But the most prominent zombie may well be a broad cross-section of American consumers who are still suffering from the ravages of the Great Recession .
Nothing on this anniversary is more important than to urge our leaders to recognize the scale of the task and commit to sustained action to build institutional capacities to protect human rights , starting in their own countries . As world leaders race to address the current global economic crisis , it may seem unrealistic to be calling for large and long-term investments of this kind .
Unfortunately , rather than debating Goldstone 's detailed findings and the merits of his recommendations on ways to move forward , there are indications that governments may focus instead on the process leading up to the investigation and seek to limit full discussion of the report .
But , although the United States and some European countries have gone a long way toward restoring the lending capacity of banks , that may not be enough .
The atmosphere in parliament is execrable , and may be enough to topple the government in a no-confidence motion .
Yet the year 2004 may leave to history some of the greatest progress in this area that humanity has seen .
A crash , or at least a sharp spasm , is quite likely in the near future , and the consequences -- for America and the world -- may be catastrophic .
In a system where courts can not be relied upon to protect property rights , letting the government hold residual rights in an enterprise may have been a second-best mechanism for avoiding expropriation .
These policies may hurt agricultural producers elsewhere , but they also benefit poor urban consumers .
In response , central banks may intervene in currency markets to prevent appreciation , at the cost of accumulating low-yield foreign reserves and diverting themselves from their primary goal of price stability .
This may not be popular , especially in an economic downturn .
Conventional wisdom may finally be catching up with him .
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
As the rescue of Bear Stearns shows , the government may need to bail out private institutions to prevent a panic that would lead to worse consequences elsewhere .
Poor governance may , in general , be the binding constraint in Zimbabwe and a few other countries , but it was not in China , Vietnam , or Cambodia -- countries that are growing rapidly despite poor governance -- and it most surely is not in Ethiopia , South Africa , El Salvador , Mexico , or Brazil .
As desirable as the rule of law and similar reforms may be in the long run and for development in general , they rarely deserve priority as part of a growth strategy .
Similarly , central bank independence may be a great idea when monetary instability is the binding constraint , but it will backfire where the real challenge is poor competitiveness .
And there is always the looming disaster of climate change , which may well be the most serious threat the world has ever faced .
But make no mistake : what we are talking about here is domestic policy reform and an internal redistribution of income . This may be good on efficiency and even equity grounds .
In the end , it may well be the atmospherics -- psychology and expectations -- rather than the actual economic results on the ground that will determine the outcomes .
So maybe the culprit is the housing bubble that developed in the late 1990 's , and the reluctance of Alan Greenspan 's Federal Reserve to deflate it .
In fact , China , with its need for high growth to pay for social peace , may be the country most at risk from a severe global downturn .
Even though a weak US response is the biggest risk on the economic side , what happens in China may well have deeper and more lasting consequences on the broader historical canvas .
For China is a country of enormous hidden tensions and cleavages , and these may erupt into open conflict in difficult economic times .
However the Chinese leadership responds , future generations may remember 2009 less for its global economic and financial crisis than for the momentous transformation that it caused in China .
So far , the IMF has reacted with newfound vigor , establishing a much-needed short-term lending facility , which may well need to be expanded if emerging markets come under greater pressure .
Macroeconomics may be the only applied field within economics in which more training puts greater distance between the specialist and the real world , owing to its reliance on highly unrealistic models that sacrifice relevance to technical rigor .
Cambridge -- It may take a few months or a couple of years , but one way or another the United States and other advanced economies will eventually recover from today 's crisis .
The Bumpy Road Ahead CAMBRIDGE -- If stock market and interest-rate spreads are to be believed , America 's economy has seen the worst and may be on its way to a slow recovery .
The global response to the crisis may not have been stellar , but neither has it been the free-for-all that might have been feared .
The first approach may maximize the traffic load that can be carried safely , but it fails to take most people where they want to go and is ultimately self-defeating .
On the other side are what we may call corporatists or neo-mercantilists , who view an alliance between government and business as critical to good economic performance and social harmony .
As many economic historians argue , the trade networks and profits that mercantilism provided for Britain may have been critical in launching the country 's industrial revolution around the middle of the eighteenth century .
The Chinese-US trade relationship may have seemed like a marriage made in heaven -- between practitioners of the mercantilist and liberal models , respectively -- but in hindsight it is clear that it merely led to a blowup .
In the years before the financial crash , capital moved from poor countries to rich countries , rather than vice versa . -LRB- This may not have been a bad thing , since it turns out that large -LRB- net -RRB- borrowers in international markets tend to grow less rapidly than others . -RRB-
But what may be desirable under extreme conditions for a single country can be highly detrimental to the world economy .
To be sure , by sending mixed signals to financial markets , the Brazilians may have botched their attempt to cool down inflows .
But more important was the symbolism of Brazil 's move , for it suggests that emerging markets may be getting over their doomed infatuation with foreign finance .
The controls will impose few costs on markets -LRB- though they may involve some administrative costs for the government -RRB- .
It may seem curious that Strauss-Kahn 's instincts are so off the mark on the matter of capital controls .
Received wisdom holds the United States Treasury and Wall Street responsible for the push to free up global finance . But far more influential may have been the change of heart that took place among French Socialists following the collapse of their experiment in Keynesian reflation in the early 1980 's .
So , too , are the Republicans in Congress , along with some Democrats who feel that the scheme has come too late and may interfere with other reform efforts under way , as watered-down as those initiatives may be .
Bankers and their economist allies may rue this , but it is as it should be .
For example , Taiwan 's use of administrative measures that rely heavily on close monitoring of flows may be inappropriate in settings where bureaucratic capacity is more limited .
Similarly , Chilean-style unremunerated reserve requirements may be easier to evade in countries with extensive trading in sophisticated derivatives .
Economists enamored of the neo-liberal Washington Consensus may have written it off , but successful economies have always relied on government policies that promote growth by accelerating structural transformation .
The package may or may not prevent Spain and Portugal from becoming undone in a similar fashion , or indeed even head off an eventual Greek default .
At some point , these countries may well choose to default on their external obligations rather than endure the pain .
Germany 's leaders may take comfort in lecturing other governments about their profligacy .
It may have been fear of communism that agitated governments when Karl Marx penned the opening line of his famous manifesto in 1848 , but today it is the dread that market sentiment will turn against them and drive up the spreads on their bonds .
Tomorrow they may think the real problem is low growth , and rue the tight fiscal policies that helped produce it .
The country will descend deeper into authoritarianism , political divisions will become irreconcilable , and yet another political rupture may become inevitable .
But even the Asian model may be reaching its limits .
For the first time , the World Bank acknowledges that trade liberalization may not be an effective instrument , not only for stimulating growth , but even for integration in world markets .
The eurozone was too integrated for cross-border spillovers not to cause mayhem in national economies , but not integrated enough to have the institutional capacity needed to manage the crisis .
Alas , it may now be too late for the eurozone .
An exit from the eurozone may be at this point the only realistic option for recovery .
A breakup of the eurozone may not doom it forever .
For the moment , the eurozone may well have reached the point where an amicable divorce is a better option than years of economic decline and political acrimony .
But I also believe that he is trying to develop his economy , and I offer policy advice because I believe it may benefit ordinary Ethiopians .
You may choose the moral high ground and say , `` I will never deal with a terrorist . '' But you will have passed up an opportunity to assist the hostages .
So , while there may be fewer economic collapses , owing to better macroeconomic management , high growth will likely remain episodic and exceptional .
Reforms that succeed in one setting may do poorly or fail in other settings .
Gradualism may be appropriate to India , not Chile .
It may also account for why important institutional differences persist among advanced countries in areas such as the public sector 's role , the nature of legal systems , corporate governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance mechanisms .
CAMBRIDGE -- We may live in a post-industrial age , in which information technologies , biotech , and high-value services have become drivers of economic growth . But countries ignore the health of their manufacturing industries at their peril .
Manufacturing may ultimately be central to the vigor of a nation 's democracy .
As sensible as this two-pronged approach -- spend now , cut later -- may be , it is made virtually impossible by the absence of any mechanism whereby President Barack Obama can credibly commit himself or future administrations to fiscal tightening .
More fundamentally , creating the regulatory institutions conducive to ownership separation may be impossible unless a society 's political orientation towards labor and capital is more favorable to capital .
The contract with AIG is a derivatives contract , which goes through the clearinghouse ; but the contract with Citibank is another kind of contract , maybe just a regular loan , and does not go through the clearinghouse .
Although we are not certain about the exact effects , many scientists believe that total annual precipitation will increase , but that its seasonality and the frequency of extremes may also increase .
Indeed , this disconnect may explain why polls do not give President Bush the credit for economic management that his strong record would seem to merit .
But for countries that have scope to invest more , particularly those that are holding a surfeit of precious development dollars in idle US Treasury bills , the time may be ripe to reassess the balance of risks .
So , unfortunately , even if Europe came to its senses and emerging markets showed greater enthusiasm for liberal trade , we may not see a big global deal until the next decade .
Unfortunately , there is a real danger that we may see the opposite , with the euro going to $ 1.50 or beyond .
Governments may try to resist the fall of the dollar , but in today 's world of deep and fluid capital markets , they will not succeed indefinitely , even in Asia .
Some of the countries that look so strong today may suddenly experience the kind of financial crises that they thought they had left behind .
OK , so maybe it is too soon for the world to start toasting America 's insane consumption patterns .
As much as we may sympathize with young would-be millionaire traders , does their story of oppression make any sense ?
America 's unwillingness to take the lead on environmental issues may some day be regarded as one of the country 's most profound political failures .
If Americans do n't start embracing their friends in Latin America , it may take a generation to undo the damage .
Consider this . If you agree with the many pundits who say stock prices have gone too high , and are much more likely to fall than to rise further , you may be right -- but not if macroeconomic risk continues to drain from the system .
That may sound extreme , but some scholars , such as the 2004 Nobel Prize winner Ed Prescott , have shown that , historically , holding a large diversified portfolio of stocks long enough is generally a far better investment than ultra-safe US Treasury bonds .
It may not be good economics , but the strategy proved to be good politics , for a time .
But some day , the US may well have to pay the bill for its spendthrift ways .
Some drug researchers predict that with continuing advances in understanding the human genome , doctors may eventually be able to predict illnesses 15-20 years in advance , and begin prophylactic treatment immediately .
Stock and housing prices may be volatile , but the data are much cleaner and timelier than anything available for output and inflation .
Unless the US gets its act together soon , it may find the value of its super-currency franchise much diminished .
Citizens of rich countries may be self-centered and self-indulgent , but things are not quite as horrible as some would have us believe .
An Inflation Reality Check CAMBRIDGE -- As inflation continues to soar everywhere , maybe the world 's central bankers need a jolt to awaken them from complacency .
And the ECB worries that if the US recession proves contagious , it may have to turn around and start slashing rates anyway .
The Yuan may well supplant the dollar in the second half of this century .
European governments ' debt may all be denominated in euro , but German and Italian debt are hardly the same thing , so the government euro-bond market lacks the depth and liquidity of the US Treasury Bill market .
Many other central banks are nervously watching the situation , well aware that they may soon find themselves in the same position as the global economy continues to soften and default rates on all manner of debt continue to rise .
But if officials fail to adjust as the crisis unfolds , then Buiter 's charge may seem less extreme .
But they should realize that large foreign shareholders in financial firms may be far less effective than locals in coaxing central banks to extend massive , no-strings-attached credit lines .
The government may also need to consider injecting funds more directly into the mortgage sector while the private sector reconstitutes itself .
As tempting as it may be to ramp up IMF lending on a long-term basis , this would be a strategic mistake for both the world and the Fund .
But China 's rulers know that their highly repressed banking system is vulnerable as the country continues to pursue gradual financial liberalization , and that foreign currency reserves may be needed for recapitalization .
Of course , given the ongoing recession , it may not be so easy for central banks to achieve any inflation at all right now .
Cambridge -- You know that American self-confidence is shaken when even the President starts expressing fear that the financial crisis may turn out worse than the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
Japan may have taken what seemed like forever to recover from its 1990 's crisis , but it is an exception -- the crisis occurred as the Japanese economy needed to restructure in the face of the huge challenges posed by China 's emergence .
Nevertheless , the distinct possibility that stimulus and restructuring may work is further cause to hope that the deepening recession will not morph into a full-blown depression .
The US may be ground zero for the global financial crisis , but it is not the only country riven by self-doubt .
The US economy may have lost a fair chunk of its mojo , but it will require a lot more bad luck and policy blunders to get to a second worldwide Great Depression .
Although governments may try to cram public debt down the throats of local savers -LRB- by using , for example , their rising influence over banks to force them to hold a disproportionate quantity of government paper -RRB- , they will eventually find themselves having to pay much higher interest rates as well .
Other countries , such as Ireland , Britain , and the US , started with a much stronger fiscal position , but may not be much better off when the smoke clears .
Cynics may say that nothing will happen to the fundamentals of the global financial system , but they are wrong .
However dubious Bush 's actions may have been on both counts , interest rates on US public debt actually fell .
This change may be good for the environment , for income equality , and for stability .
For better or for worse , it may not be possible to turn back the clock .
Europeans may not mind this right now -LRB- one sees more Obama t-shirts in Europe than in the US -RRB- , but they might not be so happy if a George Bush III comes along .
The current safety net approach may work in the short term but will ultimately lead to ballooning and unsustainable government debts , particularly in the US and Europe .
And even if regulators take their time to try to get it right , as most of us think they should , the world may have to live with weak credit expansion as banks hold back , awaiting a clearer verdict on their future .
Avoiding default may be possible , but it will not be easy .
The IMF 's first effort at prescribing a cure may be flawed , but its diagnosis of a financial sector bloated by moral hazard is manifestly correct .
And , as is often the case , a crisis in one country may go global , with many other countries radically scaling back off-shore and out-of-bounds projects .
Until these problems are better understood , we may be doomed to a world of regulation that perpetually overshoots or undershoots its goals .
The finance industry already is warning that new regulation may overshoot -- that is , have the unintended effect of sharply impeding growth .
Now , we may soon face the same concerns over energy policy , and not just for oil .
If the 1990 's was the era of economic shock therapy , the present decade may be remembered for economic reform paralysis .
You can tell Americans and Europeans that they should rejoice over the boundless cheap goods and cheap credit that trade with Asia has supplied . But all their politicians seem to worry about is how some farmer or textile worker may lose their job .
Will politicians finally tell their citizens that if their economies continue to sleep , they may not wake up ?
Only then may people start waking up and voting for politicians who insist on re-energizing economic reform .
For now , it may only be black humor -LRB- e.g. , the New Orleans waiter who asks diners whether they want their shrimp leaded or unleaded -RRB- .
Modern-day record unemployment and extreme inequality may seem far less tolerable as young people realize that some of the most cherished `` free '' things in life -- palatable weather , clean air , and nice beaches , for example -- can not be taken for granted .
Of course , I may be far too optimistic in thinking that the tragedy in the Gulf will spur a more sensible energy policy that attempts to moderate consumption rather than constantly seeking new ways to fuel it .
With credit markets impaired , further quantitative easing may still be needed .
If trade frictions do boil over , policymakers may look back on today 's `` currency wars '' as a minor skirmish in a much larger battle .
However much we may hope so , the current rut in which the US finds itself could prove to be a problem for the rest of the world .
To be sure , Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right , and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever .
If so , then Hollywood 's cartoon-like caricatures of evil multinational corporations may some day seize mainstream consciousness , leading to political upheavals that shatter today 's social contract .
Otherwise , globalization 's storyline may not proceed according to the script .
The Fed must always remember that no matter how calm and rational its analysis may be , it is dealing with markets that can be anything but calm and rational .
CAMBRIDGE -- As the eurozone crisis continues to deepen , the International Monetary Fund may finally be acknowledging the need to reassess its approach .
What European leaders may want most from the Fund are easy loans and strong rhetorical support .
That may work in the short term , but if sovereign default risks materialize -- as my research with Carmen Reinhart suggests is likely -- the ECB will in turn have to be recapitalized .
And , if the stronger northern eurozone countries are unwilling to digest this transfer -- and political resistance runs high -- the ECB may be forced to recapitalize itself through money creation .
Second , investors may be remembering that even though the dollar was at the epicenter of the 2008 financial panic , the consequences radiated so widely that , paradoxically , the dollar actually rose in value .
Although it may be difficult to connect the dots , it is perfectly possible that a huge euro crisis could have a snowball effect in the US and elsewhere .
Third , foreign central banks and sovereign wealth funds may be keen to keep buying up euros to hedge against risks to the US and their own economies .
Fourth , investors may believe that , ultimately , US risks are just as large as Europe 's .
European attitudes may seem shortsighted to Americans , but it would need a lot of cajoling to change them .
It may well be that such painful deviations from agreed principles will be reflected in an eventual comprehensive settlement , but prejudging these issues before the beginning of negotiations denies the Palestinians some of their most important bargaining chips .
Indeed , the shadows of militarism that have appeared over the Chávez regime may well have unnerved a majority of Venezuelans , who wonder who the next adversary to be pursued will be .
The electoral results of November 2008 , and a global financial crisis that has strained Chávez 's ability to pay for his radical policies , may now limit his chances to continue dividing a country whose inhabitants , like most people , want to live in a peaceful and prosperous democracy .
Claudia Samayoa , a Guatemalan political analyst , calls it `` a blow against the victims , and against all those who have struggled in Guatemala for human rights and democracy '' .
Polls show him trailing Oscar Berger , a conservative former Guatemala City mayor supported by the business community , as well as the more leftist candidate , Alvaro Colom .
Brazil 's current criticisms of Iran , along with a request for dialogue with the opposition , weak as they may be , represent a change of position , which reflects the absolute priority of Brazilian diplomacy : permanent membership of the Security Council .
But the three countries that prospective members can be compared to may be outside the eurozone .
Other emerging markets in Asia , Africa , Latin America , and Europe will not fare better , and some may experience full-fledged financial crises .
If the deficits are monetized by central banks , inflation will follow the short-term deflationary pressures ; if they are financed by debt , the long-term solvency of some governments may be at stake unless medium-term fiscal discipline is restored .
The downside risks to the prices of a wide variety of risky assets -LRB- equities , corporate bonds , commodities , housing , and emerging-market asset classes -RRB- will remain until there are true signs -- towards the end of 2009 -- that the global economy may recover in 2010 .
In the `` bad bank '' model , the government may overpay for the bad assets , whose true value is uncertain .
Thus , paradoxically nationalization may be a more market-friendly solution : it wipes out common and preferred shareholders of clearly insolvent institutions , and possibly unsecured creditors if the insolvency is too large , while providing a fair upside to the tax-payer .
Whereas Sweden adopted this approach successfully during its banking crisis in the early 1990 's , the current US and British approach may end up producing Japanese-style zombie banks -- never properly restructured and perpetuating a credit freeze .
So , while this latest bear-market rally may continue for a bit longer , renewed downward pressure on stocks and other risky assets is inevitable .
There may be light at the end of the tunnel -- no depression and financial meltdown . But economic recovery everywhere will be weaker and will take longer than expected .
New York -- Recent data suggest that the rate of contraction in the world economy may be slowing .
But hopes that `` green shoots '' of recovery may be springing up have been dashed by plenty of yellow weeds .
But those tentative green shoots that we hear so much about these days may well be overrun by yellow weeds even in the medium term , heralding a weak global recovery over the next two years .
Sixth , rising government debt ratios will eventually lead to increases in real interest rates that may crowd out private spending and even lead to sovereign refinancing risk .
Eighth , some emerging-market economies with weaker economic fundamentals may not be able to avoid a severe financial crisis , despite massive IMF support .
So , green shoots of stabilization may be replaced by yellow weeds of stagnation if several medium-term factors constrain the global economy 's ability to return to sustained growth .
Unless these structural weaknesses are resolved , the global economy may grow in 2010-2011 , but at an anemic rate .
First , confidence and risk aversion are fickle , and bouts of renewed volatility may occur if macroeconomic and financial data were to surprise on the downside -- as they may if a near-term and robust global recovery -LRB- which many people expect -RRB- does not materialize .
Second , extremely loose monetary policies -LRB- zero interest rates , quantitative easing , new credit facilities , emissions of government bonds , and purchases of illiquid and risky private assets -RRB- , together with the huge sums spent to stabilize the financial system , may be causing a new liquidity-driven asset bubble in financial and commodity markets .
Indeed , recent data from the United States and other advanced economies suggest that the recession may last through the end of the year .
The increase in some asset prices may , moreover , lead to a W-shaped double-dip recession . In particular , thanks to massive liquidity , energy prices are now rising too high too soon .
As a result , one can not rule out that by late 2010 or 2011 , a perfect storm of oil above $ 100 a barrel , rising government-bond yields , and tax increases -LRB- as governments seek to avoid debt-refinancing risks -RRB- may lead to a renewed growth slowdown , if not an outright double-dip recession .
But official measures of GDP may grossly overstate growth in the economy as they do n't capture the fact that business sentiment among small firms is abysmal and their output is still falling sharply .
Third quarter GDP - properly corrected for these factors - may have been 2 % rather than 3.5 % .
So , while the US may technically be close to the end of a severe recession , most of America is facing a near-depression .
Second , a massive wave of liquidity , via easy monetary policy , is chasing assets , including commodities , which may eventually stoke inflation further .
Finally , sovereign risk is rising -- consider the troubles faced by investors in Dubai , Greece , and other emerging markets and advanced economies . This has revived concerns that governments may be unable to backstop a too-big-to-save financial system .
Another downside risk is that the dollar-funded carry trade may unravel , crashing the global asset bubble that it , together with the wave of monetary liquidity , has caused .
Indeed , rating-agency downgrades , a widening of sovereign spreads , and failed public-debt auctions in countries like the United Kingdom , Greece , Ireland , and Spain provided a stark reminder last year that unless advanced economies begin to put their fiscal houses in order , investors , bond-market vigilantes , and rating agencies may turn from friend to foe .
If they remove the stimulus too soon by raising taxes , cutting spending , and mopping up the excess liquidity , the economy may fall back into recession and deflation .
Eventually they may take aim at other countries -- even Japan and the United States -- where fiscal policy is on an unsustainable path .
At best , taxes will eventually be raised and spending cut , with a negative effect on growth ; at worst , the outcome may be direct capital levies -LRB- default -RRB- or indirect ones -LRB- inflation -RRB- .
So , even if Greece and other PIIGS had the political resolve to reduce massively their large fiscal deficits -- and that is a big if , given the political resistance to spending cuts and tax increases -- fiscal contraction may , at least in the short run , make the current recession worse as higher taxes and lower spending reduce aggregate demand .
But , as with Argentina , Russia , and Ecuador , Greece may also be insolvent if adjustment fails to restore debt sustainability and growth .
While such fiscal stimulus and bailouts may have been necessary to prevent the Great Recession from turning into Great Depression II , piling public debt on top of private debt carries a high cost .
So political constraints may prevent fiscal austerity and structural reforms from being implemented .
Indeed , the recent financial crisis is not over , and , worse , the medicine used to treat may have been partly toxic .
It seems to have made the patient weaker and more addicted to dangerous drugs , as well as more susceptible to new strains of the virus that may , in some cases , eventually prove fatal .
While fiscal austerity may be necessary in countries with large deficits and debt , raising taxes and cutting government spending may make the recession and deflation worse .
On the other hand , if policymakers maintain the stimulus for too long , runaway fiscal deficits may lead to a sovereign debt crisis -LRB- markets are already punishing fiscally undisciplined countries with larger sovereign spreads -RRB- .
Or , if these deficits are monetized , high inflation may force up long-term interest rates and again choke off economic recovery .
Growth may be close to zero by the end of this year , as fiscal austerity kicks in and stock markets fall .
A scenario in which US growth slumps to 1.5 % , the eurozone and Japan stagnate , and China 's growth slows below 8 % may not imply a global contraction , but , as in the US , it will feel like one .
So , as the optimists ' delusional hopes for a rapid V-shaped recovery evaporate , the advanced world will be at best in a long U-shaped recovery , which in some cases -- the eurozone and Japan -- may be long enough to stretch into an L-shaped near-depression .
But now Anglo-Irish alone may have a capital hole as high as ¤ 70 billion , raising serious concerns about the true health of other Irish , Spanish , Greek , and German banks .
The rest of the eurozone is in barely better shape than the periphery : the bond vigilantes may not have woken up in France , but economic performance there has been anemic at best -- driven mostly by a mini housing boom .
Other eurozone leaders face stiff political opposition : Silvio Berlusconi in Italy , whom one hopes may soon be booted out of power ; José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero in Spain ; George Papandreou in Greece .
Likewise , the European Central Bank 's decision not to cut rates -- deluding itself that it may be able to raise them once the allegedly `` temporary '' credit crunch is gone -- is mistaken .
Much greater and more rapid reduction of official interest rates may at best affect how long and protracted the downturn will be .
The Europeans have thus already started verbal currency intervention and may soon be forced to make it formal .
This may be the right response if the inflows and upward pressure on the exchange rate are driven by fundamental factors -LRB- a current-account surplus , an undervalued currency , a large and persistent growth differential -RRB- .
This is forcing deficit countries into real exchange-rate adjustments via deflation -- and thus a rising burden of public and private debt that may lead to disorderly defaults .
Meanwhile , growth in Germany and the eurozone `` core '' may further accelerate given the strength of emerging markets , which may show even greater resilience , underpinning more rapid global expansion .
Indeed , after four years -LRB- 2007-2010 -RRB- of either recession or sub-par recovery , the process of balance-sheet repair -- while not completed yet -- is underway , and may result in less saving and more spending to boost growth in advanced economies .
Instead of focusing on securing a soft landing today , Chinese policymakers should be worrying about the brick wall that economic growth may hit in the second half of the quinquennium .
Until the change of political leadership in 2012-2013 , China 's policymakers may be able to maintain high growth rates , but at a very high foreseeable cost .
But , since the end of April , a more persistent correction in global equity markets has set in , driven by worries that economic growth in the United States and worldwide may be slowing sharply .
Data from the US , the United Kingdom , the periphery of the eurozone , Japan , and even emerging-market economies is signaling that part of the global economy -- especially advanced economies -- may be stalling , if not dropping into a double-dip recession .
Indeed , inflation may even force the Bank to raise interest rates by the fall .
And , unlike in 2007-2010 , when every negative shock and market downturn was countered by more policy action by governments , this time around policymakers are running out of ammunition , and thus may be unable to trigger more asset reflation and jump-start the real economy .
Another round of so-called `` quantitative easing '' by monetary authorities may not occur as inflation is rising -- albeit slowly -- in most advanced economies .
During a typical recession , the default rate among corporations may rise to 10-15 % , threatening massive losses for those holding risky corporate bonds .
As a result , the market for credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- - -- where protection against corporate defaults is bought and sold -- may also experience massive losses .
The recent chaos in Greece and Italy may be the first step in this process .
Given how financially stretched US households are , a good part of this tax rebate may be used to pay down high credit card balances -LRB- or other unsecured consumer credit -RRB- or to postpone mortgage delinquency .
Anything short of these radical and coordinated actions may lead to a market crash , a global financial meltdown , and worldwide depression .
While events in Venezuela may look chaotic from afar , they are in fact democracy at work .
And maybe , just maybe , we would preserve faith in globalization .
Examining the US-led coalition 's prewar actions may well expose official deception and manipulation in making the case for military intervention .
Indeed , inaction in Iraq will not only postpone the inevitable reckoning with the past ; it may prolong the past , as unfulfilled demands for justice fuel frustration , resentment , and support for extremist leaders and authoritarian solutions .
As in many parts of the world , it may be several generations before the region 's crimes can be worked through .
In the case of Egypt , for example , Minister of Economic Cooperation Faiza Abu al-Naga suggested in January that Mubarak himself was directing the country 's foreign-loan policy and `` oversee -LRB- ing -RRB- the entire process . '' Even if true , there may be nothing legally wrong with such an arrangement .
But , to the extent that the funds contributed to internal repression , or to the personal enrichment of the regime 's leaders , lenders may bear some responsibility , at least for relieving taxpayers of the burden of debt contracted against , or with indifference towards , their interests .
But , where oppressive regimes are using foreign credit to postpone needed domestic political and economic reforms , that may be a good outcome .
Civilians may not be targeted ; the principle of proportionality requires the avoidance of excessive force in pursuing a legitimate military objective ; and prisoners must be treated humanely .
So while some members may walk out , Sharon can easily hold on to control of the party .
Alternatively , another international force may be able to accomplish more than its predecessors , which mostly waved at the terrorists as they passed .
Turkey 's Choice In what may be Turkey 's most important political event since the republic was founded in the 1920 's , the Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- has won a landslide parliamentary election victory , with around 47 % of the vote .
Arafat 's death may well mark the beginning of that process , but the transition to a new Palestinian leadership could take years , and there is no assurance that it will be a moderate one .
Acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , a veteran political maverick and former mayor of Jerusalem , inspired several of Sharon 's initiatives .
In the longer term , Netanyahu may again rise to the top in a post-Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
As Palestinian extremism and anarchy become clearer , Israel 's stance may gain greater international sympathy , strengthening prospects for better relations with the Arab world and the West .
With few political stars left in either Labor or Likud , Kadima may become the country 's dominant party for many years to come .
That may inspire little enthusiasm , but the Israel that Olmert has now won a firm mandate to lead is by no means demoralized .
The regime may respond by trying to tighten the noose .
Today , such suggestions may seem audacious , naive , or impossible ; but , without such audacity , there is little hope for Afghanistan , Pakistan , or the region as a whole .
And much of what we may be called on to do in the future will likely be determined by choices made by others .
Looking forward , I am convinced that if we have the wisdom , courage , and strength to adjust long-standing strategic arrangements , embrace new partners , and , above all , persevere in the face of adversity and difficulty , we will see a similar victory in this `` long war '' against violence extremism and the other threats that may emerge in an uncertain new century .
You may not have to be a Christian in the light of Darwinism , but this does not mean that you can not be one .
Latin American journalists may face a diminished threat of murder nowadays , but many still confront a gauntlet of challenges designed to control them .
Steps like fair , competitive , and transparent public-sector contracting procedures , and civil service , rather than political control over allocation of government advertising funds would go a long way , especially combined with good reporting , to protect the media against officials ' persistent temptation to control what the public may know .
The threat they pose may be less dramatic , but it is no less pernicious .
Yields , on average , barely support survival , and crop failures are common and deadly , while long-term global climate change , caused mainly by high energy consumption in the rich countries , may be exacerbating the frequency and severity of droughts .
Political operatives may also judge that an increased sense of danger and insecurity will tilt votes to the Republicans in the US congressional elections in November .
We are seeing again and again that a foreign army , whether NATO 's in Afghanistan , America 's in Iraq , Israel 's in occupied Palestine , or Ethiopia 's in Somalia , may win a battle , or even a war , but never the peace .
This may sound like a technical report on Sudan 's environment , but it is much more . It is a vivid study of how the natural environment , poverty , and population growth can interact to provoke terrible human-made disasters like the violence in Darfur .
Third , the government may be captured by one faction or another , and then use violent means to suppress rivals .
The plan may not look like much , since it basically committed the world to more talking rather than specific actions , but I am optimistic for three reasons .
Given the vast amount of direct and circumstantial evidence that the rigging was on behalf of Kibaki , Frazer 's assignment of equal blame to each side was met with astonishment and dismay by the opposition .
Having stoked a boom , now the Fed ca n't prevent at least a short-term decline in the US economy , and maybe worse .
Throughout the world , there may be some similar effects , to the extent that foreign banks also hold bad US mortgages on their balance sheets , or in the worst case , if a general financial crisis takes hold .
Perhaps the single most promising development in terms of energy efficiency is `` plug-in hybrid technology '' for automobiles , which may be able to triple the fuel efficiency of new automobiles within the next decade .
Poor farmers may lack the capital to invest in it , or may lack the incentive to do so if water is taken directly from publicly available sources or if the government is subsidizing its use .
President Bush may be too unaware to recognize that his historically high 70 % disapproval rating among US voters is related to the fact that his government turned its back on the international community -- and thereby got trapped in war and economic crisis .
Some may scoff that this approach is impossible at the global level , because all politics are local .
For example , Pakistan , an already arid country , will suffer under the pressures of a rapidly rising population , which has grown from 42 million in 1950 to 184 million in 2010 , and may increase further to 335 million in 2050 , according to the UN 's `` medium '' scenario .
Moreover , the Himalayan glaciers that feed Pakistan 's rivers may melt by 2050 , owing to global warming .
Lasting solutions will require partnerships between government , business , and civil society , which can be hard to negotiate and manage , since these different sectors of society often have little or no experience in dealing with each other and may mistrust each other considerably .
If consumers expect that their taxes will rise in the future , they may decide to save the tax cut rather than boost consumption .
Finally , policy paralysis around the US federal budget may be playing the biggest role of all in America 's incipient governance crisis .
Whether this is an intended outcome , so that Obama and his party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions , or the result of poor decision-making is difficult to determine -- and may reflect a bit of both .
This may be the result of , among other things , the increasing and now relentless onslaught of advertising and public relations .
Fear and propaganda may lead to more US-led international wars , as in the past decade .
As other societies grapple with their own increasing diversity , they may follow the US into crisis .
The G-20 Seoul Summit may well have initiated that important process .
The US is running an annual budget deficit of around $ 1 trillion , which may widen further as a result of the new tax agreement .
This may take time .
Ironically , today 's decline in American global power may lead to more effective regional cooperation .
This may seem an odd time to praise the EU , given the economic crises in Greece , Spain , Portugal , and Ireland .
We are , in short , in a new global era , which may be defined as the Age of Sustainable Development , in which our security , even our survival , will depend on the world forging a triple commitment : to end extreme poverty ; to ensure human rights for all ; and to protect the natural environment from human-induced crises of climate change , destruction of biodiversity , and depletion of fresh-water reserves and other vital resources .
But rich-country voters may demand that drug prices for them should also fall .
Yet the fact that the world could agree despite the absence of the US may prove promising .
Causation probably runs in both directions here : cultural factors may have impeded economic growth , while poor economic performance -LRB- say , bad economic policies and over-dependence on oil -RRB- may have slowed the adaptation of cultural practices to the needs of a modern economy .
That may seem like a lot of money , but not in comparison with the $ 25 trillion in income each year earned by rich countries , or the roughly $ 500 billion spent each year on their militaries .
The rich may feel that clever words will absolve them of responsibility , but the hungry and dying stand witness to the tragic realities .
My optimism may seem misplaced in a period when the stock market falls nearly every day , and when other countries have historically seen stock market collapses incite economic collapses as well .
Examining the links between the stock market and the rest of the economy may explain this .
Banks may find that they ca n't get repaid during a stock market bust . Banks may then face bankruptcy , and thus severely restrict new lending .
Such depositor panic adds to the banking crisis ; foreign investors may suddenly flee , as visions of easy wealth turn into financial panic .
The dollar may therefore lose value as investors flee the US , but probably without provoking a more serious crisis .
Man-made global warming , caused mainly by fossil-fuel burning in rich countries , may well be a factor in the frequency and severity of major droughts , floods , and tropical storms .
The frequency and intensity of the El Nino cycle in the past 25 years may also be the result of global warming .
The effects of environmental change may occur only after many years and may be felt halfway around the world .
Or the effects may be indirect . Land use changes , say , can amplify the spread of infectious diseases by changing the mix of species or the ways that animals and humans interact .
The direct macroeconomic stimulus that could arise from military spending may be overwhelmed by the uncertainties and disruptions that would accompany military conflict .
In still other regions , the main problems may be water scarcity , discrimination against women or other groups , or one of a variety of specific problems .
Moreover , different US officials certainly have different priorities . President Bush may focus on weapons of mass destruction ; Mr. Wolfowitz may target democracy .
Others may have their eyes firmly on the prize of Iraqi oil .
The Bush Administration may believe that it is going to war to fight for democracy in the Middle East , but US support for real democracy stands to be an early victim .
His political advisors may well advise him that it will soon be `` now or never '' to launch the war .
Asian capitalists may have stolen some borrowed loot , but at least they did n't mix finance with war .
It also appointed Kalmay Khalilzad , another former Unocal consultant -- indeed , Karzai 's boss -- as special US envoy .
The US may have done something few could have expected : united the Shi'ites and the Sunnis in a common cause .
Democracy may come to Iraq , and the will of the people will be to stop the plunder of their country 's natural resources by US crony capitalists .
The biggest hidden story in international development these days may be Brazil 's economic takeoff .
But something more fundamental is at play : Brazil may finally be overcoming some of the deepest obstacles to its economic development , obstacles that held the country back for decades .
Brazil 's economic turnaround may have powerfully positive effects on its neighbors , especially the struggling countries of the Andean region .
· climate change may not be gradual .
These may seem to be distinct issues .
Flooding in Europe is likely to intensify , a process that may already have begun .
Second , major US investors , such as pension fund managers , are realizing that US companies that fail to control their emissions may be vulnerable to financial losses in the future .
At that point , power companies that use antiquated technologies that emit massive amounts of greenhouse gases may face serious financial losses .
So the long term could be long in coming . Courageous Iranians who have labored to reform their country may continue to feel as though they are plowing the seas .
Although their revolutionary zeal may have waned over the years , they still tend to share the outlook of the late Ayatollah Khomeini , who likened the relationship between Iran and the US to that `` between a sheep and a wolf . ''
But while the officer corps may be steadfast defenders of secular rule , the rank and file reflects Pakistani society .
Pakistani liberals may be right that their country is invulnerable to an Islamist power grab .
While psychiatry may be leading the debate about these problems , other medical specialties can not be far behind .
A person with schizophrenia may experience his self as another , may experience his identity as controlled by others , and may regard the entire community as suspect and threatening .
The idiosyncratic beliefs of the schizophrenic are the target of pharmacotherapy , but at the same time they may be a source of personal pride and form a distinct sense of self that the patient wants to preserve .
While the `` self-illness ambiguity '' in mental illness may not be explicitly appreciated , many societies have made accommodations , such as considering a criminal offender 's state of mind in assessing legal culpability .
As science unravels many of the puzzles concerning mental disorder , it may become tempting to argue that these problems with politics and diverse values will evaporate .
This solution is rendered more urgent in Nigeria by the prospect of exploiting the country 's vast reserves of natural gas , which may aggravate and prolong the resource `` curse . ''
They justifiably fear that any savings from relief may well be misused , just as other public resources have been .
For example , a decision needs to be made as to whether the transfers go to each citizen or each household -LRB- a yearly check for each person in the family may have undesirable consequences on fertility as parents have children to collect checks -RRB- .
Lebanon , argues Paul Salem , may provide a guide for those Iraqis who seek a constitution that can reconcile the country 's Shi-ite , Sunni , Kurdish and Turkmen communities .
Until elections can be organized , it may be necessary to do what was done in Lebanon just after the war : appoint members to an interim Iraqi parliament .
Iran 's Troubled Rise America 's decision to target Iranian agents in Iraq who may be involved in supporting violent militias is but another sign of the massive influence Iran is exercising in that troubled country .
For example , while Iran may not be happy with the American presence in Iraq , it realizes how close the country is to full-scale civil war .
Hezbollah may be quite comfortable with the returns .
Leaders may still think that `` another world is possible , '' but , while they use anti-globalization rhetoric , they pursue serious economic policies , even if more out of resignation than conviction .
Population may keep growing until mid-century , owing to rising longevity , but , reproductively speaking , our species should no longer be expanding .
But this may change as the source countries become richer and undergo rapid declines in birth rates .
India , the only large economy whose workforce will grow in sufficient scale over the next three decades , may partly balance the declines expected in other major economies .
A fundamental part of this must be serious consultation among member states on strategic decisions that may affect an EU partner .
Those who refuse to put tough choices to their publics may have an easier time now , but when catastrophe strikes , they will lose credibility and legitimacy .
But if treatment has been delayed , the patient may be left with recurring ulcers and permanent damage .
Thus , the implementation of Operation Successor -LRB- which may include the extension of the current president 's term -RRB- has imitated the way Putin himself came to power , and leaves Russia on the same path that Yeltsin set in the last years of his presidency -- a path that will either ruin the country or bring it to a dead end .
Governments may get better terms , but they may also become embroiled in international investment disputes and discourage other investors .
While `` fairness '' may well be in the eyes of the beholder , in some cases , the host country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal -- a frequent situation when MNEs negotiate with the least developed countries -LRB- the world 's 50 poorest countries , most of them in sub-Saharan Africa -RRB- .
In some of these cases , legitimate public-policy objectives may well be involved .
The financial crisis and recession may dampen the rise of FDI protectionism , as countries seek capital to shore up local firms and increase investment to help them promote economic recovery .
But the global downturn may also accentuate protectionism , especially if nationalistic impulses gain the upper hand , perhaps stimulated by fire-sales of domestic assets -LRB- as we saw during the Asian financial crisis -RRB- .
Totally fair burden-sharing may not be possible , but a security organization like NATO undoubtedly allows us to come closer to it than any other approach .
China must be both encouraged and allowed to play by the global rules , even when the symbolism of its progress may be painful to endure .
Similarly , the journal Science reports that new studies show that ocean levels may rise much more rapidly and precipitously than anticipated .
Indeed , any national leadership that anticipates the new research , development , manufacturing , and trade possibilities that will grow out of this new imperative may find itself positioned for exactly the kind of sustained economic growth that every country seeks .
Indeed , Yomiuri 's report may well have helped convince Japan 's new prime minister , Shinzo Abe , to go to China immediately after being elected in to seek better bilateral relations .
China 's second challenge concerns its hybrid capitalist\/Leninist system of governance , which may not function well enough without democratic feedback and the rule of law .
Party leaders may not become sufficiently attuned to the needs of China 's people to respond to problems like corruption , environmental degradation , or peasant unrest before crises make them unsolvable .
So China may be edging towards a whole new way of interacting with the world and dealing with its people ; its curious authoritarian capitalism may be inching towards some new , and possibly viable , model for long-term development .
China may have seemed a `` miracle '' over the past decade . But good economic times rarely test a political system .
In due course , they may well be able to become more unified on the political front - if they do not push their disagreements too aggressively .
Such a declaration alone would give Taiwanese the ability to imagine that they may one day find it in their interest to be part of China .
Its leaders must understand that , even though `` independence '' may sometimes seem like a logical scenario , Taiwan is a small , vulnerable island , and China an emerging superpower .
Even though Taiwan may have a `` right '' to independence , its leaders need to remind their people that provocative actions will gain them little .
In grim detail , his letter described the bloody mayhem that the slaughter brought to his hospital and the hysteria of ordinary people as they arrived to find children and loved ones dead .
Dr. Jiang Yanyong may become a millionaire , wear any clothes he likes , redecorate his living room , even buy a car , but he can not inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition .
There may be two explanations for this : for one thing , Asia 's share in European banks ' revenues has probably risen .
But this may have been offset by a decline in the proportion of earnings coming from the US .
In the current environment , with a renewed focus on regulating markets , institutions , and financial instruments , some international differences in scale , scope , and application of the new rules may be inevitable .
Though this environment may not be fundamentally at risk , the current trend towards increasing capital requirements for international banks -- reflected , for example , in calls for the establishment of independent subsidiaries with autonomous capital and liquidity pools -- is clearly worrisome .
Traditional lending and deposit-taking still offers much growth potential -- and may become more attractive relative to investment banking or asset management as a result of new regulation .
But , wherever the truth may lie , few critics take into account that he , like all former UN chief executives , has to deal with the reality that he possesses only moral power , not economic , military , or political power .
It may well be impossible to press ahead with the Treaty without any changes to the text .
If not all the EU 's members are ready to take this path , flexible solutions of the sort that have been a feature of European compromise in the past may be needed .
The FDP can count on about 13-14 % of the vote , which means that it may be able to join with Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union to form a government .
But maybe he will in the course of this trial , which resembles a personal vendetta even more than the first one did .
Like many others in Russia who are allowed to enjoy their wealth in peace today -LRB- or maybe are lamenting its loss due to the financial crisis -RRB- , he made his money in thoroughly obscure ways during the early post-Soviet years .
Indeed , our pro-EU sentiments may be all the stronger because our membership in the Union , like our freedom , is so comparatively new .
The type of social unrest recently witnessed in Greece may spread , because the downturn is likely to take a disproportionate toll on Europe 's young people , who are seeking jobs at a time when hard-pressed European businesses will be able to offer them very few .
Moreover , without a new PCA , individual European countries may feel it necessary to seek even more bilateral agreements with Russia .
But the bilateral deals that have emerged from this race sometimes come at the expense of other Union members , and may unbalance relations within the Union as a whole . Only a rules-based EU framework can provide a firm foundation for both bilateral and Union-wide relations with Russia .
During the 1990 's , the US and Europe erred in treating Russia with benign neglect . It would be a mistake for Russia to respond in kind today by seeking to prolong the PCA negotiations in the hope that a possibly more amenable EU president may one day offer softer terms .
Regional governments may not have openly supported the insurgents , but they clearly avoided cracking down on the jihadist groups operating within their borders .
It may thus appear naive and counterproductive to raise the bar and suggest that we need to go beyond trade and move investment to the top of our priority list .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
Likewise , the International Monetary Fund may arguably desire `` a world free from financial crisis . ''
For Central Americans , the cost of drugs will soar , straining budgets and gutting health care . The result may be a death sentence for many .
Without this right , elections may not add up to democracy .
Thus , if we can establish that democracy is the means to realize the strong interests of the Muslim community -- and I believe we can do this -- then democracy may be declared a religious duty in Islam .
Of course , the problem of Islam 's compatibility with democracy may be analyzed from different points of view .
China 's leaders , and their handpicked servants in Hong Kong may still believe that Tung 's popularity will revive if and when the economy does .
But if the goal is merely for the communists to retain their monopoly on power , in both Hong Kong and China , then the rot that has settled into Hong Kong 's polity and its economy may begin to infect the mainland .
`` With all these projects , half of China may well have to die .
A sensible US policy on China may be to accept gradual currency appreciation , rather than a large revaluation , as America 's economic vitality stems from its own innovation rather than from concessions by the Chinese government .
Of course , ESDP security missions , even those in accordance with Security Council resolutions , may not operate within the UN system -- the EU prefers its own independent leadership .
They are some of the largest counterparties with the regular banking system , and their combined credit creation and proprietary trading and hedging may account for much of the global liquidity flows that make monetary and financial stability so difficult to ensure .
So the summer attack on the Russian oligarchs may turn out to be a litmus test that reveals not only Putin 's ability to control the oligarchs , but also the retrograde interests of his closest aides .
China 's democratic trajectory generates little fanfare , but it may actually deliver on Deng 's promise ahead of schedule .
The prospect raised by today 's new technologies in finance and information is that some of the `` market failures '' at the root of state involvement in the economy may cease to exist .
Although the postwar population boom and heavy regulation meant that real estate prices in many countries went up more often than down , a sudden collapse of the property market -- such as happened in Japan a decade ago -- may dramatically reduce the value of most people 's savings .
Such a financial `` hit '' may affect their consumption patterns , complicate their retirement plans , and even bring them to the brink of indigence .
The core problem with information technology is that its economic benefits might be concentrated and that the wealth it creates may accrue predominantly to people who have subtle skills that computers ca n't duplicate , or who have the first-mover advantage , or who have the right business connections .
But phonographs and television are limited compared to what is possible now - or may be possible soon .
In the new economic world , many more occupations may follow the route of discarded local musicians , resulting in wealth concentrations on a vastly greater scale than before .
It is important to start thinking about what changes lay ahead , because it may be harder to agree later on .
As long as people remain under a relative `` veil of ignorance , '' in the sense that they do not yet know how they will personally be affected , they may find it easier to agree that progressive taxes should be used to subsidize low-wage earners .
When greater income inequality is a fait accompli , principled discussion may give way to naked class struggle between the new super-rich and those who have only their misery to lose .
There is a danger that scientific establishments may degenerate into fiefdoms controlled by scientific mandarins who dominate major state-funded university departments and laboratories .
Indeed , scientists in a number of countries , some with past scientific glories , may already recognize this malady in their own institutions today .
Smaller countries face difficulties in ensuring anonymity : the number of qualified scientists within a specific field may be so small that researchers can easily guess who reviews which proposals , and powerful figures can retaliate for negative evaluations of their unpromising research ideas .
Higher interest rates also raise the cost of borrowing to buy these assets , which may diminish demand for them , exerting downward pressure on their prices .
When interest rates fall , the opposite effect on asset prices may be predicted .
The market may know , not just from the experience of 2001-2 , that interest rate movements do not have predictable effects on stock prices .
If one borrows the equivalent of three years ' income to buy a house , a mortgage rate of 6 % means that 18 % of one 's income goes to interest payments , which may be tolerable .
But if the rate rises to 8 % , mortgage interest payments rise to 24 % , which , together with amortization , taxes , other debts , and necessary expenditures , may claim too much of the family budget .
People with fixed-rate mortgages are also vulnerable to rate increases , though less directly . This is because if they have to move and sell their house , there may be no buyers who can afford higher interest payments , unless the home 's price also falls .
But homebuyers are not as savvy , so they may not see the change coming or they may fail to plan for it .
They may overemphasize the likelihood of economic success -LRB- `` I will be making a lot more money in a few years '' -RRB- and underemphasize the commonplace problems that regularly challenge family budgets -LRB- `` I will be losing my job or getting a divorce '' -RRB- .
In places where home prices have been rising rapidly , the upward trend may continue or level off for a while .
In most high-priced places , a real decline may not come for some time .
After all , people who fear losing their jobs may seek greater economic security by investing in real property in their own wealthy country , bidding up prices in the process .
Oil prices may fall once these shocks dissipate , but speculative effects could keep them relatively high , weakening the world economy and depressing stock markets .
Experts may say that short-run supply factors caused the recent price increases , but the price increases will nonetheless lend credibility to scarier long-term stories .
If it is generally thought that oil prices will be higher in the future , owners of oil reserves will tend to postpone costly investments in exploration and expansion of production capacity , and they may pump oil at below capacity .
All of this may seem obvious , but we tend not to think of oil prices as being determined by expectations of future prices .
Moreover , the risks to pension funds may correlate with risks to other economic factors affecting specific groups of workers .
Indeed , the opposite may be the case : combating deflation could have the perverse effect of creating high inflation .
He was right to worry : a sharply expanding money supply may have unexpected and unquantifiable lagged effects .
Today 's fears about deflation may represent a historic turning point , much as when the public mood turned decisively against inflation around 1980 .
Those bubbles may keep expanding , or may burst , leaving many homeowners mired in debt .
Promoting private insurance may seem an indirect response to the tsunami disaster , but it is a rational -- and powerful -- response .
Trade flows may be driven substantially by longevity : countries expecting a relatively large number of elderly in the future should be running trade surpluses now and deficits later .
For example , in subsistence rural areas , a bad harvest may lead to starvation before the next year 's crop is in .
If a poor family in subsistence farming receives no help during the year after a bad harvest , its members may eat their beasts of burden , cut down the trees that provide nutrients to the soil , sell whatever farming equipment they have , and even eat the seeds that were set aside for planting the following season .
While the aid may keep them alive , they are left economically paralyzed for years to come .
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming .
The farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail .
But when the ultimate determinants of values today become so dependent on a distant future that we can not see clearly , we may not be able to think clearly , either .
So , maybe the word `` overheated '' is misleading .
It may sound plausible , but it is hardly conclusive , and , more importantly , it certainly does not tell us that high prices are sustainable .
Being able to afford a vacation home in beautiful surroundings may mean a lot to some people .
Unfortunately , that may not be enough .
John Maynard Keynes once said that monetary policy may work like a string .
But it can not push the string up : if economic growth stalls , as when confidence is seriously damaged , lowering interest rates may not be enough to stimulate demand .
One advantage of wage insurance is that it may be a more effective way to subsidize on-the-job training than traditional government-run vocational training programs .
In reality , however , losing a high-paying job may be a lifetime event , and the supposed retraining that wage insurance would encourage for a laid-off 50-year-old worker often may be ineffective .
In pondering this question , the case of Mexico-neither an economic tiger like China or Singapore nor a sluggard like many African and Carribean countries-may be especially instructive .
In the United States , newspapers and magazines are trumpeting reports in the last few months that the decade-long boom in home prices may be at an end , and that the bubble may be bursting .
Over a period of years , as people see how much new supply there is , they may begin to revise their view that homes are such a terrific investment , causing a gradual , but eventually significant , drop in home prices .
Indeed , while changes in fundamental perceptions may not occur easily or fast , they should never be ruled out .
The local influentials tend to be in positions that they got through their local popularity : street commissioner , mayor , or township board member .
Today 's huge companies and the financial wizards who lead them -- or buy and sell them -- may be generous to their churches , favorite charities , and families and friends , but their professional lives are defined solely by the relentless pursuit of profits .
That perception may be largely true , but not entirely so .
They may get lost for a while , and initially they may sound strange when they are rediscovered , but people like Yunus and Tufano show that they can be updated and implemented with the help of disinterested but passionate advocacy .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it at the International Conference of Dalits and Minorities , held in New Delhi in December , `` Even as absolute poverty may be reduced by growth , inequalities can get sharpened .
In fact , some statistical analyses of the correlation between inequality and social conflict conclude that there may even be an inverse relationship : societies that are more unequal tend to show less conflict , because the rich are better able to control the poor .
One part of the problem may be that it is not always inequality per se that causes social discord , but also how inequality is perceived to have come .
Unrest may reflect more a sense of betrayal -- that others are not living up to their implied promises or are not behaving honorably .
One may infer that such informal arrangements survive in real-world employment relationships because they reinforce our heartfelt feelings of good will toward each other .
For example , in a rapidly globalizing world , people may have to leave their long-term employers , with whom they have built a sense of trust , or it may be their supervisors who will have to be replaced .
In such cases , inequality may be perceived more intensely , for people may link it with the loss of good will .
To be sure , Sarkozy is right to note the enormous risks that workers and their communities face in this rapidly globalizing world . But putting this problem center stage should not mean protecting existing jobs come what may .
Given that electronic communications technology has a powerful potential to replace employees with others who are thousands of miles away , we may now be seeing only the beginning of this process .
The Myth of `` Superstar Cities '' In a much-talked-about recent paper entitled `` Superstar Cities , '' economists Joseph Gyourko , Christopher Mayer , and Todd Sinai argue that such high-status cities -- not only London , Paris , and New York , but also cities like Philadelphia and San Diego -- may show an `` ever-widening gap in housing values '' when compared with other cities .
This may mean that buyers will not allow prices to rise like last time , but it could also mean that owners will be more ready to exit from the market .
This may amplify any price declines , especially in `` glamour cities '' and those with weakening economies .
It may have had something to do with the near-total lack of response of long-term interest rates to monetary tightening .
Under this interpretation , the term 's popularity is a source of concern : it may indicate a market psychology that could lead to downward volatility in prices .
In fact , willingness to support the market after a sudden drop may be declining .
But something more may be at work .
So there may be an underlying sensitivity to price drops , which could fuel a succession of downward price changes , amplifying public concerns about problems in the economy and heralding a profound change in investor sentiment .
Moreover , the boom resulted in a number of financial innovations , which may have been good ideas intrinsically , but which were sometimes applied too aggressively , given the risk of falling prices .
When home prices stop rising , recent homebuyers may lose the enthusiasm to continue paying their mortgages -- and investors lose faith in mortgage-backed securities .
You may yet be presented with the image of your child 's playmate moving away because his parents were thrown out in a foreclosure . You may see a house down the street trashed by an angry owner who was foreclosed .
Moreover , he found that there is no evidence that derivative markets create volatility in underlying cash markets ; in fact , they may even reduce it .
The effect on underlying financial markets ' volatility may not even be the right question to consider in deciding whether to permit new derivative products .
Sure , there were sharp movements in oil prices corresponding to these events , but maybe there were other , even more important factors affecting general trends in oil prices .
While it may seem that no image in the last decade was so dramatic as the first photo of the earth from space , think again .
Of course , what is advantageous today may be problematic tomorrow : Europe and Japan will face severe problems when their demographic pyramids tilt towards the elderly , eliminating the temporary demographic advantage they have relative to the US today .
George Akerlof and I have just written a book by the same name , but by the time Animal Spirits appears later this winter , the world economy may be even worse than it is now .
We know that we are probably in a recession right now , and may be for some time , so the expected losses currently are enormous .
As a result , people may balk at the price and not want to buy the insurance .
This misunderstanding may also contribute to an increase in home prices again , after the crisis ends .
Of course , such land may not be in desirable locations today , but desirable locations can be created by urban planning .
But , the truth may be just the opposite .
Higher home prices in a given country may tend to create conditions for falling home prices there in the future .
Housing prices are on a rollercoaster ride , and we may never be able to make complete sense of their movements , other than to understand the volatility that they represent .
They reflect changing investor psychology , which is hard to discern , and new information , which may still be amorphous and ambiguous .
This long-term trend towards multifamily housing may be expected to continue , further diminishing the importance of land to home values .
Such thinking may be playing a part in the recent rebound of home prices .
Firms are discovering that their competitors with business-method patents may seek to block them from improving their business strategies .
That may have been true , but the eventual effect was better food labeling laws in the UK , too .
In 2003 , Bush chose as his Treasury secretary John W. Snow , a railroad president who , as Barron 's columnist Alan Abelson put it , `` may not be the sharpest knife in the cabinet . '' Snow obliged the president and gave unquestioning support to his policies until leaving office in 2006 , just before the crisis erupted .
History may be a `` soft '' social science , but we have to look at it , even distant history , if we are to grasp other examples of major crises .
One may ask : how can an interest rate be negative ?
But there is nothing to stop negative real interest rates , since routine investors may have no alternative risk-free instrument that offers a positive real return .
But maybe this image is just a bit too vivid in our imaginations .
That kind of loss of confidence may well last for years .
That said , the economic outlook can never be fully analyzed with conventional statistical models , for it may hinge on something that such models do not include : our finding some way to replace one narrative -- currently a tale of out-of-control debt -- with a more inspiring story .
Investors may respond emotionally , but they are unlikely to let their anger cause them to miss what appears to be a substantive increase in value .
Being removed from the US , they should be highly sensitive to any whiff of information that their money may not be safe there .
The market may not value US stocks perfectly , but it is not irrational to believe that the corporate scandals are not a major factor .
Citizens in advanced countries just ca n't believe - and do n't want to be told - that their privileged status may be dissipated unless proper steps are taken to insure against the risks they face .
When an employee is laid off in middle age , or the company goes bankrupt , the suddenly materialized risk may come as a shock .
Hu will urge Obama to resume bilateral talks with North Korea under the Six-Party umbrella ; and he may press China 's position that , in the long term , economic engagement is more effective than sanctions in changing North Korea 's behavior .
Why not reach out to North Korea the way you are toward Iran and Burma , Hu may ask Obama ?
But the opaque nature of the deal may further weaken America 's already wobbly standing in Kyrgyzstan , where the contract has been cast as a source of corruption that padded the bank accounts of two successive dictators .
Indeed , in the wake of the invasion of Georgia , China may be seriously rethinking its relations with Russia .
It may not yet be ready to embark on a full-fledged policy of `` containment , '' but in the wake of the dismemberment of Georgia -- and with Russia claiming a zone of `` privileged influence '' throughout the former Soviet world -- China clearly views Russia as an emerging strategic threat .
What China wants and what it gets may be different things .
Around the world expert officials , the business community , concerned citizens , and responsive governments are coming together to find common solutions to a global problem that may be the single most important issue we face as a global community .
One can only imagine how dire conditions may be in the 93 countries for which no data on the topic even exist .
A final group of opponents recognizes the strength of the case for extending rights to great apes , but worries that this may pave the way for the extension of rights to all primates , or all mammals , or all animals .
We should not be deterred from doing right now by the fear that we may later be persuaded that we should do right again .
We can not place great confidence in such studies , because this kind of overall `` life satisfaction '' judgment may not reflect how much people really enjoy the way they spend their time .
I am writing this in New York in early August , when the mayor declared a `` heat emergency '' to prevent widespread electricity outages from the expected high use of air conditioners .
While I 've done more than the mayor requested , setting it at 82F -LRB- 27C -RRB- , I 'm still part of a feedback loop . I deal with the heat by using more energy , which leads to burning more fossil fuel , putting more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and heating up the planet more .
Over the next 60 years , genetics may be another .
Premiums will have to increase to cover the losses , and those with a good genetic prognosis may opt out of life insurance to avoid subsidizing the cheats , driving premiums higher still .
It may not be long before we can identify genes that improve the odds of success in this quest .
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
The lambs may have lost out on a few weeks of life , but they were also spared the distress of separation from their mothers , the misery of transportation , possibly for hundreds of kilometres , and the crowding and terror of the slaughterhouse .
Why should n't taking small steps that may produce such a glow be part of the role of government ?
Laws prohibiting prostitution do no evident good at all , and may well do harm .
In the US , at least , breaching sexual norms still brings with it a moral opprobrium that is unrelated to any real harm it may do .
They may strive to improve their performance , but often they do so for its own sake , for the sense of achievement .
So , while Savulescu 's bold suggestion may reduce drug use , it will not end it .
And no matter how blatant the drug use may be , we do n't stop watching the Tour de France .
That remark may have been a bitter payback for the role Spencer believed the media , and the paparazzi who worked for them , played in Diana 's death , but it was not without truth .
He estimates that while treatment may cost £ 750 per patient over two years , the result is likely to be an extra month of work , worth £ 1880 .
Many of them lack adequate training in recognizing mental illness , and may not be up to date with treatments options .
Patients , too , may fail to seek treatment , because mental illness still carries a stigma that can make it harder to acknowledge than a physical illness .
Some depression appears to be genetic , in which case genetic therapy may ultimately offer a solution .
Of course , relaxed and happy people can still become depressed , and stressed and unhappy people may not be depressed , but it is a reasonable hypothesis that happier people are less likely to become depressed .
They may vote because if they do n't , they will be in no position to complain if they do n't like the government that is elected .
Or they may calculate that while the chances of their determining the outcome are only one in several million , the result is of such importance that even that tiny chance is enough to outweigh the minor inconveniences of voting .
It may not even know which of its projects fail , because evaluating them , and learning from mistakes , requires staff -- and that adds to administrative costs .
In many other countries , too , whatever people may say about gender equality , the reality is that women are far from having equal rights .
This may mean that the surveys I have quoted indicate not widespread equality , but widespread hypocrisy .
Words do have consequences , and what one generation says but does not really believe , the next generation may believe , and even act upon .
This is a triply repellant idea , for it implies that knowledge is bad , disobeying God 's will is the greatest sin of all , and children inherit the sins of their ancestors , and may justly be punished for them .
Relatively insignificant as this suffering may be from the perspective of eternity , the world would be better without it , or at least without most of it .
But once we abdicate our powers of reason in this way , we may as well believe anything at all .
That fits with the commonsense idea that if people only do good in public , they may be motivated by a desire to gain a reputation for generosity .
That thought may lead us to disdain the kind of philanthropic graffiti that leads to donors ' names being prominently displayed on concert halls , art museums , and college buildings .
We may well look askance at a lavish new concert hall , but not because the donor 's name is chiseled into the marble façade .
If we regard human rights as something possessed by all human beings , no matter how limited their intellectual or emotional capacities may be , how can we deny similar rights to great apes , who clearly surpass some human beings in their rationality , self-awareness , and emotional bonds with others ?
Bush may naively consider it lying , and therefore wrong , to say that he is in California when he is recording a speech in Washington .
No matter how much their directors may want to focus on the diseases that kill the most people , the current system of financial incentives means that if they did so , their shareholders would remove them , or their companies would soon be out of business .
That may sound like hyperbole , but raising the temperature and reducing the rainfall of a predominantly agricultural nation can be as devastating to its people as dropping bombs on it .
This may be the greatest ethical challenge of the Obama presidency , but , because so much hangs on it , the way in which he responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how his presidency will be judged .
If a person 's annual income increased from $ 300 to $ 500 that may be enough to lift him out of extreme poverty , and will make a huge difference to his welfare and that of his family .
There may be a sense of shame , and a loss of self-esteem , at being poor , even in hard times .
Now we are discovering that the consequences may be far more deadly than we ever imagined .
Supporters of factory farming often point out that bird flu can be spread by free-range flocks , or by wild ducks and other migrating birds , who may join the free-range birds to feed with them or drop their feces while flying overhead .
Or your resolution may have been more altruistic : to help those in need , or to reduce your carbon footprint .
So we use the occasion of the New Year to try to change behavior that may be the most difficult to change .
Our reason may tell us what is best to do , he thought , but in a particular moment our reason may be overwhelmed by emotion or desire .
We may even find that that is the best resolution to make , for our own benefit and that of others .
They may be , to some extent , under the control of governments , and undoubtedly bad government is a major contributor to poverty .
He has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with .
That may be why so many people believe so strongly that the Internet should be left completely unfettered .
The authorities will no doubt find ways of replacing the services that Google provided -- at some cost , and maybe with some loss of efficiency , but the Internet will remain fettered in China .
There are good grounds for objecting to turning a sentient being into a patented laboratory tool , but it is not so easy to see why patent law should not cover newly designed bacteria or algae , which can feel nothing and may be as useful as any other invention .
One day , we may be able to design bacteria that can quickly , safely , and effectively clean up oil spills .
In such circumstances , the admittedly very real risks of synthetic biology seem decisively outweighed by the hope that it may enable us to avert a looming environmental catastrophe .
US Senator John Kerry , a leading Democrat who supports the war , has said that the documents may `` underscore the stakes '' in the conflict , and make it more urgent to `` make the calibrations needed to get the policy right . ''
Assange has said that he deeply regrets any harm that the released documents may cause , but has defended the release nevertheless .
And the Wikileaks Web site points out that while openness may lead to some highly visible bad consequences , what we fail to see are the consequences of not publishing , and the way in which a climate of openness makes it more likely that governments and corporations will act more ethically .
Impaling live bait on hooks is a common commercial practice : long-line fishing , for example , uses hundreds or even thousands of hooks on a single line that may be 50-100 kilometers long .
They may suffocate in the net , because , with their gills constricted , they can not breathe . If not , they may remain trapped for many hours before the nets are pulled in .
By using the reported tonnages of the various species of fish caught , and dividing by the estimated average weight for each species , Alison Mood , the report 's author , has put together what may well be the first-ever systematic estimate of the size of the annual global capture of wild fish .
When fish experience something that would cause other animals physical pain , they behave in ways suggestive of pain , and the change in behavior may last several hours .
On our own , our tendency to yield to short-term temptations , and even to addictions , may be too strong for our rational , long-term planning .
This , it argued , was `` fair use '' -- and thus permitted under copyright laws in the same way that one may quote a sentence or two from a book for the purpose of a review or discussion .
We tell ourselves that maybe we wo n't get a toothache after all , even though we know that the odds are that we will .
So we may tell ourselves that the geologists could be wrong , and perhaps no tsunami will hit Padang in the next 30 years , and by then perhaps we will have new and better technologies for predicting them , giving people more time to get to higher ground .
Last month , parallel developments on opposite sides of the world gave us grounds for thinking that the world may , slowly and haltingly , be becoming a little more civilized .
On surveys that use the first approach , countries like Nigeria , Mexico , Brazil , and Puerto Rico do well , which suggests that the answer may have more to do with the national culture than with objective indicators like health , education , and standard of living .
We may agree that our goal ought to be promoting happiness , rather than income or gross domestic product , but , if we have no objective measure of happiness , does this make sense ?
That may be the case with the idea of happiness as the goal of national policy .
Bhutanese may bring into the country small quantities of cigarettes or tobacco from India for their own consumption , but not for resale -- and they must carry the import-tax receipt with them any time they smoke in public .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives .
Rethinking the sanctions imposed on India in the wake of its nuclear tests has begun , and the sanctions may be lifted soon .
More than that , the struggle now underway at the top of the world may well determine whether this will be an `` Asian Century '' or a `` Chinese Century . ''
Bilateral economic , trade , and currency disagreements may not be as bitter as they are between the US and China , but they are thorny , and lack of resolution is making them more intractable .
Two great peoples and countries , although now locked in a `` strategic alliance , '' may occasionally fall out of step with one another , as India and the US have -- for example , over global climate negotiations .
Iran may be a self-proclaimed theocracy , but it has conducted foreign relations since the 1979 revolution in a rational , if not always emollient , way .
Ahmadinejad may bluster , but there is usually considerable ambiguity and calculation behind his outbursts .
But even with these measures , social benefits may artificially increase the incentive to migrate .
Politicians and lawyers may dislike this solution , because it undermines the EU 's principle of social inclusion for employment and resembles arrangements that currently apply to EU citizens who live in other member countries without working there .
Such a system may formally fit better with the idea of social inclusion , but violates the basic right of free migration granted in the Treaty of Rome .
Apart from the accounting trick implicit in Scandinavia 's success , the high share of government in employment may also make a real contribution to solving one of the most fundamental problems western economies now face .
In 2006 , the euro-zone economies may have grown by 2.7 % on average , and should grow by 2.2 % in 2007 .
In 2006 , Ireland 's GDP may grow by 5.2 % , Finland 's by 5.8 % and Spain 's by 3.7 % . By contrast , Portugal and Italy are currently Europe 's laggards , with growth rates of just 1.5 % and 1.7 % , respectively , in 2006 .
With charm and unassuming clear-headedness , she wrought a compromise from the G8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming .
The wording may sound vague , but , given the positions the countries held at the outset , the outcome was an important achievement .
This may be unobjectionable on ethical and social-policy grounds , but it certainly would not help the environment .
That may not sound like a recession , but the Fund 's marginally positive projection primarily reflects the growth overhang from 2007 , with hardly any new contribution in 2008 .
At some stage , the world may no longer catch a cold when the US sneezes , but that is far from being true now .
Many European banks may not have understood this , yet they still shied away from revealing these dubious investments on their balance sheets .
The future generations that are to foot the bill may simply not be there .
A country like Germany , which has a real growth trend of only 1 % per year and may continue to have only 1 % inflation in the medium term , is heading towards a debt\/GDP ratio of 150 % .
This may reflect the high interchange in both directions between the Anglo-Saxon countries , or replacement migration in which skilled people arrive from elsewhere as the domestic skilled migrate to other Anglo-Saxon countries .
Former US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan may be right when he says : `` This crisis is different -- a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions . ''
At the moment , no country is truly suffering deflation , but that may change as the crisis deepens .
Germany , with its notoriously low inflation rate , may be among the first countries to experience declining prices .
This deflationary tendency will create serious economic problems , which do not necessarily result from deflation as such , but may stem from a natural resistance to deflation .
It may be difficult for China to ever match the success of a small Asian country like Singapore , which has already overtaken the US in terms of GDP per capita as measured by purchasing power parity .
Given the perilous state of California 's finances , it may well be tested soon .
In exceptional cases , a state may run a deficit , but its cumulative volume must not exceed 1.5 % of GDP .
All of this is unpleasant , and it may not appeal to politicians who believe in dreams .
The EU 's maneuvers may stabilize Europe in the short run and help it to withstand better the current speculative attacks on some of the euro countries ' government bonds , but they risk long-term destabilization .
The risk may be limited today , but it will become larger should the new ESM become full-coverage insurance against insolvency with no burden-sharing by creditors .
In view of the foreseeable demographic risks from pension entitlements , a time bomb may now have been set ticking .
In a currency union , however , central-bank credit may play this role if private capital flows are insufficient .
This may relieve some pressure , but it only shifts the problem from the ECB bailout fund to the community of states .
In net terms , though , there may be more growth worldwide as well as in Germany .
When a country specializes in a certain area , capital and labor move into that area at a rate faster than they move into other areas -- indeed , the growth of export-related sectors may come at the cost of a decline in other areas .
True , some of the old EU countries have opted for a prohibition of labor migration during a transition period that is initially set at two years and may be extended to April 2011 .
Only `` unreasonable '' claims may be refused , but the state will bear the burden of proving unreasonableness .
But these two prominent , national membership organizations may succeed in dampening Islamic militancy where the government , afraid of waging the battle it must fight , has failed dismally .
Second , caution has costs : financial openness may itself catalyze improvements in fundamentals that enhance the benefits of globalization .
Opening up to foreign direct investment and other non-debt capital flows may serve to boost economic growth without adverse side effects on macroeconomic volatility or a risk of crisis .
Curiously , McCain may have more room for maneuver .
It may then get nearer to explaining why we are where we are today .
In such countries , there may be `` New Deals , '' but no revolutions .
Moreover , while the fear of being hauled off to The Hague may have some effect in deterring rulers from committing crimes against humanity , the claim that the Bashir warrant will deter the current crop of human rights ' violators is derisory .
The first option may involve international conflict , the second domestic conflict .
We may see some compromise between European -LRB- Sarkozy-style -RRB- capitalism and an authoritarian , protectionist model with a lot of industrial policy .
Nevertheless , Russia may be able to develop , out of its own spiritual and cultural resources , an attractive alternative to both the American and European models , provided it achieves long run economic success .
A suggestive analogy may be to France during the long period of Anglo-American hegemony .
The Gaullist dream of creating an independent power center never succeeded , but the role of `` awkward partner '' has given a distinctive flavor to French diplomacy , and it may be equally viable for a shrunken , proud , but no longer hegemonic Russia .
Being an `` awkward partner '' may offer Russia its best hope of reconciling its yearning for independence with the realities of the modern world .
The first is that stimulus packages around the world arrested the slide into depression , and may have started a modest recovery .
In a concession to commonsense , they concede that people may make mistakes and , to that extent , a stimulus may be beneficial .
Against this view , Keynes pointed out that interest-rate reductions may not do the job , because at zero or near-zero rates investors hoard cash rather than lend it out .
Hence , as he put it in 1932 , there may be `` no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment '' -- which is what the Obama administration is rightly doing .
This has accompanied a wider critique of `` growthmanship '' -- the pursuit of economic growth or the accumulation of wealth at all costs , regardless of the damage it may do to the earth 's environment or to shared values .
He recognized that there are two kinds of needs , absolute and relative , and that the latter may be insatiable .
It may pile up in bank reserves or savings accounts , or it may produce asset bubbles .
Some part of it may be `` hoarded , '' in which case demand may fall short of supply .
We are told that the `` credible announcement and implementation '' of fiscal-consolidation strategy `` may '' diminish the risk premium associated with government debt .
Capitalism may be close to exhausting its potential to create a better life -- at least in the world 's rich countries .
Material gains may continue , though evidence shows that they no longer make people happier .
Of course , the Chinese may prefer to talk about `` restoration '' rather than `` rise , '' and point to a `` harmonious '' pluralism of the future .
In other words , we may be reverting to that cyclical pattern that historians assumed to be axiomatic before the seemingly irreversible rise of the West implanted in them a view of linear progress toward greater reason and freedom .
On the other hand , there is a disquieting sense that today 's `` new normal '' may be slower growth and higher levels of unemployment .
So the challenge now is to formulate policies to provide work for all who want it in economies that , as currently organized , may not be able to do so .
It may be argued that the Holocaust was a crime so uniquely abhorrent as to qualify as a special case .
Reflecting the freebooting financial zeitgeist that prevailed at the time , the International Monetary Fund declared in 2006 that `` the dispersion of credit risk by banks to a broader and more diverse group of investors ... has helped make the banking and overall financial system more resilient ... '' As a result , `` the commercial banks may be less vulnerable to ... shocks . ''
Both are `` scientific , '' but their structure is the same as that of the Biblical story of the Flood : human wickedness -LRB- in today 's case , unbridled materialism -RRB- triggers the disastrous sequence , which it may already be too late to avert .
How member states respond now -- especially those who believe in the purpose and value of the UN - may help shape the outcomes of other , wider ongoing regional conflicts , notably with Iran and Syria , both of which support Hezbollah .
But the cost of such rigid rules may be high , and their effectiveness , as witnessed by the vagaries of the United States ' record on human rights , is less fool-proof than is sometimes imagined .
In mid-November , EU foreign ministers failed to agree on a common approach to Russian energy -- just as reports resurfaced that Russia may seek to establish a natural gas cartel similar to OPEC .
Iraq 's mayhem has hardened the antagonism of countries like France and Germany , which led the opposition to the war in the first place .
So Kerry may put even more pressure on Europe to help out in Iraq than the unilateralist Bush ever did .
Europe 's military means may be limited , but it has important experience in peacekeeping and `` state building '' that can be brought to bear .
Now that the war in Afghanistan may wind down soon , there is a fear that President Megawati Sukarnoputri will do little to change her do-nothing ways .
It may not remain so without a firm policy hand at the center .
Granting special autonomy to the two most strife-ridden provinces - Aceh and Papua -LRB- Irian Jaya -RRB- - may also reduce tension between national and local military commanders .
Not surprisingly , a contagious globalization that increases vulnerability inevitably triggers preventive and defensive strategies that are not always proportionate or reasonable . The xenophobia and chauvinism that some of the defensive strategies can awaken may end up doing more harm than the threats from which they were intended to protect us .
The British may now consider the EDA a defense expenditure , but , when better defined , it could represent a source of savings for every EU country .
Although the future geopolitical behavior of the rising new powers -- Brazil , China , and India -- remains uncertain , this shift may nonetheless provide an opportunity for the Mediterranean .
The EU may not have imposed sweeping quotas and tariffs , but powerful `` behind the border '' protectionism has emerged in the form of subsidies , bailouts , `` buy national '' injunctions , and new restrictions on foreign direct investment .
The United Kingdom 's new coalition government may be the exception -- for now .
Would such an articulate vision make Europe 's leaders more popular ? Maybe , and maybe not , but they would almost certainly appear more legitimate , even in the eye of their adversaries .
Internet companies may , more than most , hide their true motives behind ersatz , democratic-sounding slogans , but in the end they are advertising products like any other .
These comparative advantages may keep Japan above water for a while , but only until China or South Korea catch up .
This second Edo era may sound like a poetic utopia , but it has some influence : Sakakibara observes that Japanese students do not study abroad anymore , and that `` nobody learns English . ''
Will Cameron 's government -- and any others that may go down this path -- eventually retreat in the face of middle-class rage ?
But Le Pen was replaced in January by his no less charismatic daughter , Marine . And , with that change , the fate of the Front may be changing , too .
It may be xenophobic , but its leaders never denigrate the Republic : there may be fascists members within it , but the party plays by the democratic rules .
As a result of this shift , in the near future Sarkozy 's conservatives may have no choice but to ally with the Front .
The exception may be the military and the diplomatic service : following de Gaulle 's lead , all French presidents have financed the military generously .
The Left is in the Streets PARIS -- The riots that have rampaged across Greece may have many causes , but one that is rarely mentioned is the fracturing of the Greek left into George Papandreou 's traditional socialist party , PASOK , and an increasingly radicalized faction that refuses all accommodation with either the European Union or modern economics .
The United Kingdom may be the exception , though the pro-market Labor Party shaped by Tony Blair may not count as a party of the left anymore .
Moreover , many Socialists fear that excessive public spending may trigger inflation , and that their core constituencies will become its first victims .
The left may ultimately win general elections elsewhere if the new Keynesian right proves unable to end the crisis .
Berlusconi may not be the most refined of Italians , but after many trials it has never been proven that he committed any crime .
But , with Chirac retired and nearly 80 , one `` independent '' judge has reopened the case . Chirac is alleged to have employed municipal civil servants when he was the mayor of Paris , 20 years ago , as aides in his electoral campaign .
Bush makes no allowance for the possibility that he may be wrong , and he tolerates no dissent .
For a while , reality reinforces the misconception , but eventually the gap between reality and its false interpretation becomes unsustainable . During the self-reinforcing phase , the misconception may be tested and when a test is successful the misconception is reinforced .
Admittedly , Brazil may soon elect a president that global financial markets do not like ; but if international financial markets take precedence over democratic choice , the system is undoubtedly flawed .
This may require some international credit enhancements or guarantees .
This may have been unfair , but at least it kept money flowing to the periphery .
I am afraid globalization may not survive unless we find new ways to stimulate the global economy .
The volunteers were East Timor , Ghana , Mozambique , and Sierra Leone , with other important resource-rich countries indicating that they may follow .
Association Agreements , although desirable , may not be adequate , as the EU 's Balkan experiences indicate .
Conditionality may not be the right word to describe the relationship , because it implies that certain conditions must be met before the Union bestows benefits .
By succumbing to fear Americans are doing the terrorists ' bidding : unleashing a vicious cycle of violence that may result in a permanent state of war .
If Americans fail to recognize that they may be wrong , they risk undermining the country 's dominant position .
Finally , there is acceptance of diversity , for `` when the soul of a nation finally speaks , the institutions that arise may reflect customs and traditions very different from our own .
In short , we may be wrong .
Although its guiding principles have not been enshrined in a constitution , even this may be appropriate to an open society because , as Popper argued , our imperfect understanding does not permit permanent and eternally valid definitions of social arrangements .
These professionals take pride in their accomplishments , and may even enjoy the respect of an American public that admires success no matter how it is achieved .
Now , they must recognize that the Fed may no longer be in a position to do so .
The danger is that the resulting political tensions , including US protectionism , may disrupt the global economy and plunge the world into recession -- or worse .
The injection of government funds would be much less problematic if it were applied to the equity rather than the balance sheet . $ 700billion in preferred stock with warrants may be sufficient to make up the hole created by the bursting of the housing bubble .
By contrast , the addition of $ 700billion on the demand side may not be sufficient to arrest the decline of housing prices .
Regulators may also have to revive old tools .
But markets are subject to imbalances that individual participants may ignore if they think they can offload their positions on someone else .
While international cooperation on regulatory reform is difficult to achieve on a piecemeal basis , it may be attainable in a grand bargain that rearranges the entire financial order .
The range of currencies included in the SDRs would have to be widened , and some of the newly added currencies , including the renminbi , may not be fully convertible . This would , however , allow the international community to press China to abandon its exchange-rate peg to the dollar and would be the best way to reduce international imbalances .
But that may not continue indefinitely -- and the rest of the world will never subordinate its freedom to the prosperity of the Chinese state .
Unfortunately , the recovery is liable to run out of steam , and may even be followed by a second economic downturn , though I am not sure whether it will occur in 2010 or 2011 .
This gives rise to what may be called financial protectionism , which threatens to disrupt and perhaps destroy global financial markets .
If member countries can not take the next steps forward , the euro may fall apart , with adverse consequences for the EU .
With the risk premium at current levels , there is a real danger that Greece may not be able to extricate itself from its predicament , regardless of what it does , because further budget cuts would further depress economic activity , reducing tax revenues and worsening the debt-to-GDP ratio .
For instance , they can pile up hidden imbalances in supply or demand , which may suddenly be revealed when a threshold is breached .
But the thought experiment may be useful in preventing the unthinkable from actually happening .
The euro was supposed to bring about economic convergence , but it produced divergences instead , because its architects did not realize that imbalances may emerge not only in the public sector , but in the private sector as well .
Mutual resentment between creditors and debtors is liable to grow , and there is a real danger that the euro may destroy the EU 's political and social cohesion .
These two structural changes may not be sufficient to provide the eurozone countries in need of rescue an escape route from their predicament .
Additional measures , such as `` haircuts '' for holders of sovereign debt , may be needed .
If this seemingly inexorable process is to be arrested and reversed , both Greece and the eurozone must urgently adopt a Plan B. A Greek default may be inevitable , but it need not be disorderly .
This gives them the right to opt out of the Greek rescue , raising the prospect that the package may unravel .
The next step will likely be to enlarge the EFSF ; but , by the time that step is taken , France 's AAA rating may be endangered .
Indeed , by the time Germany agrees to a eurobond regime , its own AAA standing may be at risk .
Chancellor Angela Merkel may not be able to persuade her entire coalition of its merits , but she could rely on the opposition to build a new majority in support of doing what is necessary to preserve the euro .
There could be one or more intermediate grades where the IMF may insist on various degrees of burden-sharing ;
Second , the WTO may have overreached itself when it became involved in intellectual property rights .
At a golden wedding anniversary one may wish that , now , everything should really start in earnest .
Behind this is the notion that respect for human rights can be enforced externally , together with the hope that rulers will behave better because they recognize that they may be held accountable for violating human rights .
If this idea stands , Russian minorities from the Baltic to the Crimea may turn out to be ticking time bombs .
But any `` last stand '' type of warfare refuses to recognize the possibility of a future war for which it may be a precedent .
But any agreement at , say , the G-8 Summit in July to disperse such aid in the massive proportions advocated by the recent Report by the Blair Commission on Africa may be difficult to achieve .
In the face of Western and , in particular , American skepticism about South Africa 's failure , and that of the Africa Union , to engineer an acceptable outcome to the Zimbabwean crisis , money may not be forthcoming .
Re-regulation and international efforts to coordinate policy responses may eventually reduce the potential for instability , but will require the work to be finished and tested before real confidence is generated .
So , while a strong likelihood of diminished growth in advanced countries for an extended period means that an outward-oriented strategy may produce less-than-spectacular results for developing countries , alternative strategies are worse .
Advanced-country growth may be diminished for a time , but the compensating factors that have emerged represent the most important lesson of the crisis .
But if systemic risk emerges in ways that are not yet fully understood , smaller banks may all fail or become distressed simultaneously , damaging the real economy .
In the absence of such changes , the global economy may bounce from one crisis to another without a firm hand on the rudder to establish an overall sense of direction .
If repeated , this pattern may erode confidence in financial markets and regulators , which could well lead to heavy-handed regulation , the expansion of the state , and retrenchment from globalization .
There may be a deeper bias at work .
Based on new theory and experience , we may eventually conclude that policy responses to systemic risk are impossible to devise , and that the costs of the AWF errors are higher than the RWT errors .
The US may reduce its deficits faster than it would in the non-cooperative case , but only if surplus countries are working to reduce their excess savings .
Greater fiscal centralization and political unification seem inevitable , but it may take time to muddle through to that outcome .
Intervention may be needed in fragile sectors of the US economy , like housing , where faltering performance could produce another downturn .
In general , automatic stabilizers may not kick in across the global economy , which means that policies need to be coordinated .
It may also provide an economic springboard for another two billion people to fulfill their aspirations in the coming decades .
Many companies may survive , but only by moving to different parts of the global economy or up the value-added chain domestically : up or out .
But the incentive to ignore these issues is gone , independent of what other countries choose to do and whatever global agreements may be reached .
The details may elude voters and some investors , but the focus of policy is not on restoring medium - and long-term growth and employment .
When deleveraging in the household sector is complete , domestic expenditure may rebound , but the savings rate will not and should not go back to zero .
But the lessons that the government may draw from the crisis may not be the best guides for the long term .
The latter may be politically mandatory and marginally beneficial in fiscal terms .
Attempting to exceed these speed limits not only risks damaging the fiscal balance and the dollar 's stability and resilience , but also may leave the economy and government finances highly vulnerable to future shocks that outweigh the quite modest short-term benefits of accelerated investment and employment .
Unless all Europeans remain devoted to integration and the creation of an open Europe , the Continent 's dark past may once again become its future .
The end of history may not be at hand in Europe , but the end of Europe 's dark history is clearly in sight - so long as Europeans continue on the path of integration .
This shield may , perhaps , have worked too well because the more weakly performing countries faced no discipline from financial markets .
Of course , a new government may not emerge at all .
Far more serious was the lack of transparency in the Central Electoral Commission and the political imbalances on some local commissions . Some of this may have been deliberate , but incompetence also played a part .
In such cases , silence may be wiser than speculation .
Of course , the IOUs now lodged with the ECB may themselves have to be written down , threatening to undermine the ECB 's own balance sheet .
In the Obama era , unilateral economic policies may have the same result .
Certain elements of this European path may be relevant to Asia 's own regional cooperation .
But , for some of the world 's poorest regions , particularly Sub-Saharan Africa -LRB- SSA -RRB- , a commitment to help may not be enough .
Not withstanding the self-serving intentions of outgoing President Leonid Kuchma , this historic pact may in the long run produce positive results for Ukraine 's democracy and prospects for joining the European Union .
This may be why the Armenian Patriarch urged ethnic Armenians in Turkey to vote for the AKP in last July 's elections .
But the new president , whoever he may be , would still lack a legislative majority .
The fact that Islamic organizations have benefited women may also help explain Indonesian women 's political success .
But there may be a lesson from a country whose wartime rulers , quarrelling among themselves , inflicted unimaginable harm on their people and to the world with their mendacious , secretive , and paranoid style .
It is a myth that has helped fuel wars and may hinder finding solutions to the world 's biggest problems .
He laments that the Japanese are especially fond of the idea of `` Japaneseness , '' making it possible that Japan may become the `` last hero '' of a dying ethos .
One place to start may be to reexamine the concept of the nation-state , which students around the world are taught is the basic unit of international relations .
Selling banks to foreign owners , without creating appropriate safeguards , may impede growth and stability .
If not , citizens may demand protection from foreign competition .
The final difference may seem odd : the left now understands markets , and the role that they can and should play in the economy .
To be sure , the reduction in violence is welcome , and the surge in troops may have played some role .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
But , as always , the devil is in the details , and United States Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson may have succeeded in subverting even this good idea ; he seems to have figured out how to recapitalize the banks in such a way that it may not result in resumption of lending , which would bode poorly for the economy .
Remarkable as it may seem , America , for all its problems , is still seen as the safest place to put one 's money .
We may be at a new `` Bretton Woods '' moment .
Enabling America to sell its risky financial products and engage in speculation all over the world may have served its firms well , even if they imposed large costs on others .
President Barack Obama seems to be offering a needed boost to American leadership after the dark days of George W. Bush ; but the mood in Davos suggests that optimism and confidence may be short-lived .
I have a different interpretation : it is testimony to the importance of a free press , which may not stop but can curtail abuses .
What Levitt grasped - and what the Enron debacle shows so clearly - is that incentives matter , but that unfettered markets by themselves may not provide the right incentives .
Markets may not provide incentives for wealth creation ; they may provide incentives for the kind of shenanigans Enron pursued .
They claim to manage conflicts of interest ; but we see that they may manage them for their own interests .
Bad terms mean a large national debt in the future . One reason we may be getting bad terms is that if we got fair value for our money , we would by now be the dominant shareholder in at least one of the major banks .
The well of money may be running dry , and so , too , may be America 's legendary optimism and hope .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
As the downturn deepens , several countries may , for example , face bankruptcy .
Since a country 's currency can be a reserve currency only if others are willing to accept it as such , time may be running out for the dollar .
If we have poor measures , what we strive to do -LRB- say , increase GDP -RRB- may actually contribute to a worsening of living standards .
We may also be confronted with false choices , seeing trade-offs between output and environmental protection that do n't exist .
The fact that GDP may be a poor measure of well-being , or even of market activity , has , of course , long been recognized .
But changes in society and the economy may have heightened the problems , at the same time that advances in economics and statistical techniques may have provided opportunities to improve our metrics .
Part of the difference between GDP per capita in the US and some European countries may thus be a result of the way we measure things .
So GDP per capita statistics may not reflect what is happening to most citizens .
The green revolution may , of course , prove to be only a temporary respite .
Bank officers may have walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars , but everyone else in our society -- shareholders , bondholders , taxpayers , homeowners , workers -- suffered .
Investments at home may offer much higher returns , but forgoing them is the price developing countries pay for a safe hedge against the pitfalls of global capitalism .
Regrettably , unless the United States and other advanced industrial countries make much greater progress on financial-sector reforms in 2010 , we may find ourselves faced with another opportunity to learn them .
As its economy slows , the improvement in its fiscal position may be minimal .
It may be useful to see the euro 's problems from a global perspective .
There is a third solution , which Europe may come to realize is the most promising for all : implement the institutional reforms , including the necessary fiscal framework , that should have been made when the euro was launched .
The government may pretend that it has not experienced a capital loss , because , unlike banks , it is not required to use mark-to-market accounting .
Some may still call it the `` rule of law , '' but it would not be a rule of law that protects the weak against the powerful .
While Asia 's economic output is too small to pull up growth in the rest of the world , it may be enough to push up commodity prices .
They may have overvalued some of these assets ; but the assets are , by and large , still there .
Nor is it enough to follow the dictates of international financial markets -- that may get good bond ratings and please international investors , but it does not mean that jobs are being created or that standards of living are being increased for most citizens .
Tunisia may not be able to prevent special interests from capturing its government , but , if public financing of electoral campaigns and restrictions on lobbying and revolving doors between the public and private sectors remain absent , such capture will be not only possible , but certain .
While countries may pride themselves on a strong currency , a strong dollar is bad for exports and good for imports .
The IMF continues to insist on an alternative economic `` theory '' -LRB- though using that term may suggest a higher level of analysis than is merited -RRB- -- one which Keynes fought against over sixty years ago .
The first is now over ; the second -- the result of overinvestment in high technology and telecommunications , the sectors that were so important in the boom of the late 90s -- may last considerably longer .
The good news -- and the bad -- is that the pace of technological change in these sectors is sufficiently fast that much of the equipment may become obsolete well before it is worn out , or even used , enabling new investment to start faster than it otherwise would .
There is a significant chance that with Americans ' savings rate at dismally low levels - sustained last year by car purchases and home refinancing - consumer spending may moderate .
Rising unemployment adds to a sense of economic insecurity , and may further weaken consumption .
Record levels of military expenditures are the only major source of expansion , and while such expenditures may be necessary and do stimulate the economy in the short run , they do not enhance its long-term competitiveness and strength .
They may be as mistaken about Brazil as world football experts were earlier this summer .
The country , too , may prove equally surprising and resilient .
To be sure , there may be disagreements about fine-tuning the economy , but such are routine in any democracy .
It may be called an emerging market , but it has first rate financial , educational and research institutions .
With the AIDS epidemic , Brazil faces challenges to its health system , and while one may agree or disagree with the particular approaches taken by the Brazilian government , this much is clear : everyone recognizes that this is a major responsibility of government .
Brazil 's victory in the World Cup may have no connection with these reforms , but the creativity of that winning team does say a great deal about the spirit of the country .
Here credit cooperatives may be particularly important , given the seeming lack of confidence in the more traditional banking sector .
Directing credit in order to increase supply of goods need not be inflationary ; on the contrary , the increased supply of domestically produced goods may be an effective instrument for combating inflation .
? Economic reforms may entail pain , but the pain the poor must bear should not be minimized .
Indeed , last year saw what may be the largest accounting fraud ever conducted , as a mega-surplus of more than $ 3trillion for the years 2002 to 2011 was transformed into a $ 2 trillion deficit .
Because of this rule , investors may only see an apparent worsening of the country 's fiscal position , and so may demand higher interest rates .
The IMF 's distorted and unfair accounting frameworks may also serve a hidden purpose : to force governments to shrink expenditures .
While a weak dollar may be good for exports , a falling dollar will be accompanied by stock market losses and greater declines in confidence .
Or analysts at investment banks that earn large fees from stock offerings may -- as we have seen not so long ago -- tout stocks even when they are dubious about them .
If these banks also have a commercial bank division , they may have an incentive to maintain credit lines beyond a prudent level , because to cut such lines would put at risk high potential future revenues from mergers and acquisitions and stock and bond issues .
To be sure , there are costs in imposing such restrictions -- they may , for example , deter qualified individuals from accepting public employment -- and the restrictions seldom eliminate conflicts of interest altogether .
The loss of public confidence that may result from not acting may be even higher than the cost of governmental regulation -- indeed , this loss recently resulted in billions of dollars of reductions in the value of shares .
The current situation is far more akin to the Gulf War than to wars that may have contributed to economic growth .
Some suggest that the US may be going to war to maintain steady oil supplies , or to advance its oil interests .
In the future , however , that may change .
If a leader that is not to Wall Street 's liking emerges , markets may raise interest rates to exorbitant levels , threatening to bankrupt the country unless a people choose a leader more to the financial community 's liking .
So those who celebrate the new US\/Chile trade agreement should be cautious . It may inhibit Chile 's ability to protect itself against the vagaries of capital markets , and it may not lead to either truly free or fair trade .
A few years ago , Alan Blinder , then Vice Chairman of America 's Federal Reserve Board , was excoriated for stating the obvious : that monetary policy should target not only inflation , but also unemployment , and that , at least in the short run , there may be a trade-off between the two .
On the contrary , recent research by Nobel laureate economist George Akerlof and his colleagues suggests that pushing inflation too low may impede growth , and that the critical threshold is higher for countries , such as the post-communist transition economies , engaged in large structural changes .
Falling prices also mean that even when the nominal interest rate is very low , the real interest rate , taking into account the deflation , may be significantly higher , so investment , too , is discouraged .
For countries with low to moderate inflation , moderate increases in inflation do not lead to runaway inflation , regardless of what central bankers may say on the matter .
They involve tradeoffs : some may lead to higher inflation but lower unemployment ; some help investors , others workers .
Of course , some criticisms of technocratic remedies may be populist posturing , but sometimes they contain insights that ivory-towered -LRB- and usually US-trained -RRB- technocrats miss .
It may also be possible to impose taxes on luxury goods -LRB- many of which are imported -RRB- , thereby promoting equity without stifling growth .
A focus on inflation may make sense for countries with long histories of inflation , but not for others , like Japan .
For a start , it means debt forgiveness : international lenders may not be able to compensate fully the damage caused when their money helps maintain odious autocrats in power , but at least the victims should not be burdened by a disastrous financial legacy .
Much the same may be true about Iraq during the 1990 's .
The Truth and Reconciliation process may or may not work to heal South Africa 's wounds , but if corporations are to be provided with incentives to do the right thing , they must now pay the price for the profits that they reaped from that abhorrent system .
There is a real danger that what was intended to remedy the imbalances of previous trade rounds will not only fail to do so , but may introduce new imbalances .
At the very moment when the IMF has finally recognized that such liberalization may produce instability but not growth , the WTO is now pursuing it .
While it may have done so in a few countries , it has not done so in Europe as a whole .
Euro membership may become more attractive in the future .
The institutional framework responsible for Euroland 's poor economic performance may improve , or capital markets may become more volatile , making the cost of bearing exchange rate risks intolerable .
But matters within Euroland may also worsen : the Stability Pact , with its de facto separate rules for large and small countries , will almost certainly be replaced .
Uncertainty about the future direction of economic policy may lead to higher than necessary interest rates in Euroland - and thus slower growth .
In fact , the questions posed by the NBER may not be the right questions , or at least the most relevant .
The new economy may have been hyped , but behind all the hype was something real : the rate of productivity growth increased .
Those who expected major reforms in the global financial architecture may well be sorely disappointed by what has happened in the past six years .
Without continued pressure from the world 's rich countries , the hurdles may rise again .
The worry is that Russia may be backtracking from democracy and the rule of law .
It might have been able to win over the Iraqi people in the early months of the occupation , but by now its cumulative mistakes may have doomed the campaign for hearts and minds to failure .
Furthermore , those buying privatized assets may then be reluctant to invest in them ; instead , as happened elsewhere , their efforts may be directed more at asset stripping than at wealth creation .
Europe needs structural reforms , but such reforms alone will not end the Continent 's malaise , and some measures - those that weaken employment protection or the social safety net - may come at a high price , especially for people at the bottom .
Yes , America may be able to maintain a competitive advantage at the very top , the breakthrough research , the invention of the next laser .
Growth will be enhanced , but workers may be worse off - and not just those who lose their jobs .
The problem with globalization today is precisely that a few may benefit and a majority may be worse off , unless government takes an active role in managing and shaping it .
It is at moments such as these that we realize how thin a veneer our civilization may be .
Without competition , lowering tariffs may merely be reflected in higher profit margins for a monopoly importer .
The breakdown of the Cancun talks may yet provide an opportunity for deeper reflection .
President George W. Bush may claim that he did n't know that the information he was provided by the CIA concerning weapons of mass destruction in pre-war Iraq was so faulty .
He may also claim that , with many thousands of troops under his command , it was impossible for him to ensure that US soldiers were not committing atrocities , torture , or violations of civil liberties .
The abuses that have been documented at places such as Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo may not have been an inevitable consequence of the administration 's legal memos , but surely those memos increased enormously the likelihood that torture would be viewed as acceptable .
While Secretary O'Neill may preach that the problems of the world arise not from too much but from too little of a market economy , trying to create a new global cartel in steel only makes sense for big steel businesses .
But while Bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security .
Yes , the soaring deficits may contribute somewhat to international financial instability .
Real interest rates may rise , as America borrows more and more .
If declining confidence in US fiscal policy leads to a weaker dollar , Europe and Asia may find it more difficult to export , and if the deficits prove a drag on the American economy , global growth may stall .
Those who voted for Bush may not be as outraged by American involvement in torture , or the misleading information about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction and connections with Al Qaeda , as those abroad .
The rhetoric and posturing , the lack of commitment to human rights or democratic processes , may be - and should be - upsetting , but there will be far more bark than bite .
While America may continue on a path of unilateralism , other countries ' stance will make a difference .
It may be unfortunate that Realpolitik is the order of the day , but it is , so others must learn to play the same game .
Standing up for multilateralism and international rule of law may not only be the morally right thing to do ; it is also in the interests of America 's allies and , ultimately , America itself .
And it may raise concerns about media concentration in Russia , but remains silent about media concentration in Italy .
Providing drug benefits under Medicare , America 's health-care program for the aged , may have been the right decision .
An expert in trade may find these intricacies even more baffling .
Now , the IMF offers the following reassurance : `` You may be stingy , you may not be living up to your commitments , but the money probably would n't have made much difference anyway . ''
Unemployment harms workers , while the lower interest rates needed to generate more jobs may lead to higher inflation , which especially harms those with nominal assets whose value is eroded .
Unfortunately , many countries have committed themselves to precisely this illusion , and it may be a long time before they take heed of Greenspan 's most important lesson .
Stressing the new Fed chief 's `` professionalism '' may only delay the moment when this lesson is learned again .
Moreover , real estate prices will most likely stop rising rapidly -- indeed , they may even decline .
There may well be some increase in gross investment , as obsolete equipment and software are replaced . But there also is some evidence that innovation is slowing -- perhaps the result of reduced investment in research in the past five years .
This is less startling than it may appear : econometric studies suggest that it takes a year to two before the full effects of oil-price increases are felt .
The main risk in 2006 is that America 's long-brewing problems come to a head globally : investors , finally taking heed of the large structural fiscal deficit , the yawning trade gap , and the high level of household indebtedness , may pull money out of the US in a panic .
In either case , the US government , hamstrung by already-wide deficits , may feel powerless to respond with countercyclical fiscal policy .
Beyond these changes are two others , which may be equally profound in their implications .
There is a growing sense that we may have lost our way , put too much emphasis on material self-interest , too little emphasis on shared interests .
Airlines and airports may have made more profits in the short run , but they , and the American people , lost in the long run , as we now know , to our horror .
While the privatization ideology may have played a role , financial interests played their part , too : the Wall Street firm handling the privatization lobbied hard and made a hefty profit .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
There remains one further concern : America has rushed to sign a series of bilateral trade agreements that are even more one-sided and unfair to developing countries , which may prompt Europe and others to do likewise .
In some cases , this may entail delivering assistance through non-governmental organizations .
But these attempts will almost surely fail ; in the end -- though it may take years -- cotton subsidies will be eliminated .
The reported costs of global warming are higher than in earlier studies because it takes into account the mounting evidence that the process of global warming is highly complex and non-linear , with a non-negligible chance that it may proceed much faster than had previously been thought and that the extent of warming may be much greater than had previously been thought .
Indeed , the study may actually significantly underestimate the costs : for instance , climate change may lead to more weather variability , a possible disappearance or major shift of the Gulf Stream -- of particular concern to Europe -- and a flourishing of disease .
As one scientist friend puts it : if you are driving on a mountain road , approaching a cliff , in a car whose brakes may fail , and a fog bank rolls in , should you drive more or less cautiously ?
Global warming is one of those rare instances where the scientific community is more fearful of what may be happening than the population at large .
Scientists have glimpsed what the future may portend .
It may be difficult to predict the trigger -- the impending fiscal deficits as resulting from President Bush 's tax cut may do trick .
When that happens , more than a global economic slowdown may result .
But Bush has neither eliminated massive subsidies to the oil industry -LRB- though , fortunately , the Democratic Congress may take action -RRB- nor provided adequate incentives for conservation .
Some in Europe worry that stringent action on global warming may be counterproductive : energy-intensive industries may simply move to the US or other countries that pay little attention to emissions .
A `` me-too '' drug , for example , which nets its manufacturer some portion of the income that otherwise accrues only to the company that dominates a niche , may be highly profitable , even if its value to society is quite limited .
But the cost to society was enormous : the high price that Myriad , the patent holder , places on genetic tests -LRB- between $ 3,000 and $ 4,000 -RRB- may well mean that thousands of women who would otherwise have been tested , discovered that they were at risk , and taken appropriate remediation , will die instead .
Europeans should not be dismayed by comparisons of GDP growth in Europe and , say , the United States .
That may require innovative approaches , quite different from intellectual property regimes based on privatization and monopolization of knowledge , with the high prices and restricted benefits that follow .
Will you be open to research even when that research shows that policies of the advanced industrial countries may , at least in some circumstances , not be in the interests of developing countries ?
We may not be facing a repeat of the global financial crisis of 1997 , but make no mistake , imperfections in the global financial system can still be costly , both in terms of global prosperity and stability .
Malaysia 's peaceful , non-violent struggle may not have received the attention that Mahatma Gandhi 's did in India , but what Malaysia has accomplished since then is impressive -- and has much to teach the world , both about economics , and about how to construct a vibrant multi-racial , multi-ethnic , multi-cultural society .
It may make sense for central banks -LRB- or Fannie Mae , America 's major government-sponsored mortgage company -RRB- to buy mortgage-backed securities in order to help provide market liquidity .
Eventually , it became a global financial crisis , embroiling Russia and Latin American countries , such as Brazil , and unleashing forces that played out over the ensuing years : Argentina in 2001 may be counted as among its victims .
Whether US investors had greater expertise in banking in emerging markets may be debatable ; that they had greater expertise in tax avoidance is not .
But , while the current system may lead to unnecessary instability , and impose huge costs on developing countries , it serves some interests well .
In the end , Realpolitik may rule .
But the good times may be ending .
If monetary authorities respond appropriately to growing inflationary pressure -- recognizing that much of it is imported , and not a result of excess domestic demand -- we may be able to manage our way through it .
With so many people in Iraq suffering so much in so many ways , it may seem callous to discuss the economic costs .
And it may seem particularly self-absorbed to focus on the economic costs to America , which embarked on this war in violation of international law .
So , while the additional liquidity injected into the financial system by the Fed may have prevented a meltdown , it wo n't stimulate much consumption or investment .
Others , including those that were becoming the new frontier in emerging markets , may see their access to foreign capital dry up .
It may be too late to avoid a recession in the advanced countries and a slowdown in emerging and low-income countries .
· First , while there may be scope for fiscal stimulus in some countries , in many countries it is limited ; hence , the region as a whole must protect its hard-won low level of public debt .
Rising inequality may also have increased vulnerability to crisis : with fewer people able to dip into savings during bad times , the impact on growth is even larger .
This may require that the Taiwanese abandon their tendency to hold regular referenda to show that they enjoy this right .
This may be enough to calm financial markets for now , but it will not redress the more fundamental problems behind the current turmoil .
Falling asset prices in other financial market segments , following the sub-prime mortgage meltdown in the United States , may be more important for explaining the recent surge in food prices than supply constraints or other factors underlying longer-term gradual upward price trends .
With the 1995 Social Summit adopting a wider definition of poverty that includes deprivation , social exclusion , and lack of participation , the situation today may be even worse than suggested by a money-income poverty line .
Many observers consider QE2 a blunt instrument that is unlikely to achieve its objectives , although it may weaken the dollar , which many think will redress recurrent US trade deficits .
But critics argue that QE2 may instead merely encourage more private investors to hold emerging-market debt , which would have an impact on the currency , due to the price change , rather than on the quantity of money .
After the Netherlands and France , Germany may be next -LRB- German elections are due in the autumn , and the center-right candidate - Minister\/President Stoiber of Bavaria - is now the favorite -RRB- .
Some voters are beginning to think that their cherished European welfare state may be to blame .
That holiday from serious politics may be over for good .
Because the period of rapid IT spending in Europe coincided with a cyclical downturn in the world economy , it may still be too early to see its benefits .
At first sight , these two options may seem similar . They are not .
The path to a parliamentary model is more familiar in Europe , and at first it may appear safer .
The main problem is that a directly elected Commission President might be premature : Europe may not be ready for such a radical change .
This judgment may be too harsh , because we do not know whether the EU and the single market would have survived without the single currency .
But that may not be a bad thing : Prior to the earthquake , Japan had a demand-supply gap of approximately 5 % of GDP .
Moreover , the extremely sharp contraction in first-quarter GDP may indicate that the disaster 's negative impact on the economy was more significant than expected .
Indeed , funds for `` needy countries '' may never reach the neediest of individuals , such as internally displaced or stateless persons , because no one takes responsibility for them .
One may wonder : If investment managers and their clients do n't receive high returns on bank stocks , as they would if they were profiting from bankers ' externalization of risk onto taxpayers , why do they hold them at all ? The answer is the so-called `` beta '' : banks represent a large share of the S&P 500 , and managers need to be invested in them .
Mexico 's oil fields are diminishing , which means that it may need to look for external supplies .
President Putin enjoys a relationship of trust with Kim and thus may be able to persuade him that only by abiding by international law will he ensure his country 's future and that this , indeed , is the only option left open to him .
So transatlantic coordination is needed , to ensure that any trade of sophisticated arms and weapons-related technologies with China does nothing to enhance China 's military power , and that competition between Western producers of goods that may legitimately be sold to China does not damage Western political unity .
Indeed , it may seek to use this precedent to re-establish its authority over the nations and territories that were once part of the Soviet Union .
Russia may decide to abuse the Kosovo precedent further to divide Ukraine 's population between Russian speakers and Ukrainian speakers .
Here , there is a real danger that Russia may recognize breakaway regions in the South Caucasus , -- and back them more strongly than it does now .
And such potential bloodshed on Russia 's border may give Vladimir Putin the pretext he may desire to extend his rule beyond its constitutionally mandated end next March .
Yet the window of opportunity for an EU-Kazakh partnership may be closing .
Indeed , two recent developments may help anchor Kazakhstan as a Western ally .
There may not be many more chances .
This neglect is not only shortsighted , but may also prove dangerous .
Its secular politicians ' ability to defeat the country 's Islamists decisively in the recent parliamentary election may , indeed , have revived the viability of `` Muslim democracy '' around the world .
If the Awami League is unable to address the country 's systematic poverty and social inequality , Islamism may well yet succeed in rallying the impoverished to its banner .
Yet Ethiopia may hesitate , owing to its fears that formally recognizing Somaliland 's independence could undermine Somalia 's fragile Western-backed Transitional Federal Government .
But , as Somalia 's new president , Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , is a former head of the Islamic Courts , Ethiopia may choose the current status quo in Somaliland over the dream of stabilizing Somalia .
Secession is in itself neither good nor bad : like divorce , it may make people more or less content .
So the world may soon need to test whether the controversial principles it brought to bear in Kosovo have the same meaning in Africa .
Indeed , the established concept of nuclear deterrence through `` mutual assured destruction '' -LRB- MAD -RRB- , which kept the peace between the Soviet Union and NATO , may not apply with a ruler like Ahmadinejad , who believes in the sacred merits of martyrdom .
Those who believe that Ahmedinejad is a bluffer and a buffoon who would pull back from the brink may be fundamentally misreading his psychology .
They may still not like what he stands for and how he governs , but they will see that he is not the unchallenged `` strong man '' that some Europeans imagine .
So by the time Italy 's six-month presidency of the EU concludes , the rude reception Berlusconi received at the European Parliament may find an echo at home .
If Islamists are to be brought into the democratic fold and encouraged to move towards the political mainstream by getting their hands dirty in the give-and-take of day-to-day politics , then Tunisia may be the right place to try it .
With violent demonstrations in the streets of Athens , Madrid , and Rome , it is not hard to understand why some people may once again choose to give priority to their security , particularly their economic security .
But voters in a time of crisis may be wiser than most politicians : for the past two decades , Italy 's most popular statesman has consistently been Carlo Azeglio Ciampi , a former central banker called in to run an emergency interim government in the mid-1990 's .
Approval by the association 's foreign ministers may come in September , with ASEAN leaders tackling the issue in October .
Cynics might add that even if Aung San Suu Kyi is pardoned , she may yet still be detained on political grounds or face other barriers aimed at preventing her from competing in the elections promised in Myanmar for 2010 .
The game , however , may now be changing .
This may not seem like much of a concession . But the junta seems to be trying to cause less offense .
Success may still prove elusive , but a new game with a greater possibility for success will have begun .
But , with Myanmar included , this may be too difficult politically , and an ASEAN sub-grouping may be more realistic .
In this time of crisis and unemployment , the American public may question freer trade .
Moreover , the role and attitude of a rising China must be assessed on a regional basis , particularly given that the long-standing dispute over islets in the South China Sea may be entering a new phase .
But more may be needed .
But , taken together , these cancellations make clear that even a US administration that wants to engage more with Asia may still find itself preoccupied with domestic priorities , especially this year , as mid-term elections approach .
Whatever one says or does , they may be unable to see themselves as part of a larger sovereign people .
Second , at a time when economic globalization is rendering national borders porous , political leaders may get carried away by their rhetoric of independence .
But in looking to understand possible future sources of conflict , the best crystal ball may be a rear-view mirror .
Behind the unpleasantness may lie a broader strategic calculation .
Such a perception may have been reinforced by India 's frequent military exercises with the US , Japan , and Australia and its cultivation of former Soviet Central Asia -LRB- including the establishment of a military base in Tajikistan -RRB- .
Our talent pool is n't really a billion , some argue ; it 's only the well off and middle class , maybe 300 million strong , who can afford to play sports .
That agreement signals recognition of what may be called `` the Indian exception '' -- a decision by the world 's sole superpower , together with all other nations involved in commerce in nuclear-related materials , to sell such materials to India , despite India 's refusal to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and its two nuclear tests .
As America struggles with a financial crisis and quagmires in the Middle East and Central Asia , sealing this agreement with India may be one of the beleaguered Bush administration 's only enduring foreign policy accomplishments .
Yet the next national elections , due before May 2009 , may produce a plausible Dalit contender for the job of prime minister -- Kumari Mayawati , the female chief minister of India 's largest state , Uttar Pradesh .
But this time they are likely to face a third alternative : Mayawati , whose Bahujan Samaj Party -LRB- BSP -RRB- may command a bloc of at least 50 seats .
The poor and the oppressed may not have much , but they do have the numbers , which is what matters at the ballot box .
But excessive pressure may only bring down the government of President Asif Ali Zardari , who is personally inclined towards rapprochement with India but who knows that every one of his civilian predecessors has been overthrown .
Contemplating such options , the world may be forced to admit its impotence .
-LRB- To the dismay of Indian liberals , a judge has admitted a petition against the filmmakers , but it is difficult to believe the case will go far . -RRB-
This may reveal something of Boyle 's view of human nature , but most Indian viewers know they live in a land largely devoid of larger-than-life heroes .
Terror may add to the time India will need to recover from the economic crisis .
A few more slumdogs may become millionaires by then .
That may be the real miracle of what will occur in India over the next few weeks .
That may not be a bad thing .
The mosque was built in the 1520 's by India 's first Mogul emperor , Babur , on a site traditionally believed to have been the birthplace of the Hindu god-king Ram , the hero of the 3,000-year-old epic , the Ramayana .
NEW DELHI -- As stage-managed elections ratify the consequences of three decades of military rule in Burma , the perspective from its neighbor India may help explain why there is continued international acceptance of the country 's long-ruling junta .
But , while such an approach may have won Burma 's Aung San Suu Kyi the Nobel that eluded the Mahatma himself , the violence of the Burmese state proved far stronger in preventing change than her suffering has in fomenting it .
In a dismaying number of countries , including his own , India , governments spend more for military purposes than for education and health care combined . The current stockpile of nuclear weapons represents more than a million times the explosive power of the bomb whose destruction of Hiroshima so grieved him .
And yet , as a member of the G-20 and the Security Council , India may well see an interest in bringing up issues of food security or energy security , which touch on both groups ' core concerns .
In August 2011 , India will preside over the Council by alphabetical rotation , and may find itself playing a key role in the election -LRB- most likely the re-election -RRB- of the UN Secretary-General , which must take place before the end of the year .
Some of that is hyperbole , but in one respect , India 's strength may be understated .
However , something much less tangible , but a good deal more valuable in the twenty-first century , may be more important than any of them : India 's `` soft power . ''
But India 's greatest prospects for winning admiration in the twenty-first century may lie not in what it does , but simply in what it is .
This suggests that , although Egyptians may not necessarily prefer strongman rule , they are entirely comfortable with it and may even believe that it is necessary .
Instead , it was the small and highly professional Egyptian army that crushed the uprising , to the dismay of the young officer corps , who were already well advanced in their plans to seize power .
The army 's lower ranks are now filled with young men , drawn from all segments of Egyptian society , whose backgrounds are no different from those of the people they may be called upon to suppress .
While Europe 's economic growth prospects may be poor , this has little to do with what is happening elsewhere .
Indeed , Iran may already be enriching uranium secretly .
This decline seems to have stopped , and the most recent data indicate that the bottom may have been reached .
While these criticisms may or may not be justified , it is probably true to say that the New York City diabetes registry , though highly innovative , is at best an interim solution .
This may mean eliminating shadowy `` tax havens , '' tapping phone lines , and identifying individuals considered highly dangerous .
That may seem like an obvious point , but it is not universally accepted .
Everywhere we look -LRB- except , perhaps , in New Guinea 's deep valleys , where obscure tribes may remain isolated from one another -RRB- , there are only mixed cultures .
Dialogue , as benevolent as it may be , ca n't resolve questions related to people 's freedom of movement , or to the sharing of territory or natural resources .
While the world 's attention is riveted on Iraq , the Colombia Plan , developed by the United States to fight drugs and left-wing guerrillas in Colombia , may soon be applied as a general strategy across the nations of the Andes , if not all of Latin America .
However , while ELN may be strategically beaten , the FARC is not .
Bolivia , however , may be poised to buck the latter trend .
Ethnic and social groups , activated by an intense , politicized agenda , may think in zero-sum terms , but they can not advance their interests without positive-sum compromises .
Russia may not be openly pursuing a renewed Cold War , but , in enhancing its position in Latin America , it sees itself as ending years of implosion and humiliation .
Now it may include a military component in its dealings with Ecuador .
Mockus was mayor of Bogota and Fajardo mayor of Medellin , and both want to shift the government 's main priority from internal security to strengthening the rule of law , education , science and technology , productivity , and SOUND public finances .
Indeed , this yearning for change is why Mockus , the son of Lithuanian immigrants , may reach the presidency in a country that experienced only a scant influx of foreigners in the twentieth century .
Colombia may be on the cusp of achieving a long-cherished but oft-postponed dream : domestic peace and diminishing tension with its neighbors .
Our boys may not win in South Africa , but maybe The Grannies can show how it is done .
What is even more insulting to African women is that the AU bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of Laurent Gbagbo , the man clinging to the Ivorian presidency despite losing the election .
The answer may be found in the IMF 's governance structure .
This may be prompting the Fund to turn a blind eye to the economic vulnerabilities of its most influential members -- precisely those whose domestic policies have large , systemic implications .
Overly strict qualification criteria are likely to deter members that may need this kind of support most from applying for it ; but overly loose criteria may stigmatize potential users .
Harvests may halve and rivers on which irrigation and hydropower depend may become a mere trickle .
When President Alexander Lukashenko departs , Belarus may fold into Russia as East Germany was absorbed by West Germany in the early 1990 's .
Russia 's support on promising terms may attract them , particularly because the matter of forfeiting sovereignty will not be raised .
If the Kremlin uses force to establish its regional hegemony , Europe may again see Russia as a security threat , which would bring about a renewal of the Cold War\/NATO policy of containment .
He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Both factors , however , may now be changing -- at least somewhat .
That may sound disingenuous to some , but Hong Kong 's officials share a common mission to maintain the stability and prosperity of our city .
The government may want to arrest me . Indeed , I was arrested for treason even before the election .
At worst , they may even wish to kill me . But the government will never destroy the spirit of the people to reclaim their rights and power .
We may have moments of fear in the days ahead , but we must never let despair overwhelm us .
The glimpse of its economic muscle was revealed this week when the Prime Minister of Iceland announced that Russia may come with about $ 5 billion to save its troubled economy .
Russian authorities may be advancing that goal by taking initial steps toward improving corporate governance in state-owned companies .
The ossified , corrupt , inefficient economy built in the fat years of the oil boom may be impossible to save .
Estimates from other countries indicate that these additional costs may total 5 % of lifetime wages .
But the purge may reflect other , more important goals .
This may seem little more than an annoyance , but it has a key implication : when there is no regular schedule for board meetings , many independent directors -LRB- especially foreigners -RRB- often can not attend .
There may be a certain trade-off between these two aspects , since the EU 's accession criteria were defined at a time when the eurozone did not exist and when best practices in exchange rate and monetary policy regimes differed from current ones .
Some countries may proceed faster , especially those with hard pegs against the euro , while for others the years 2008-2010 seem to be a more realistic target .
We may also be willing to pay more for products that are manufactured at home , in a safe workplace , without child labor , etc. . These characteristics are intimately linked to the values and morals -- to the general culture -- prevailing in the market .
Today , too , governments may be tempted to protect newspapers and public TV on the pretext of `` saving democracy as we know it . ''
The disruption caused by emerging communications technologies consists in the fact that the best pens may not be on the staffs of newspapers , and that policies need not be formulated only in the corridors of government .
The improved resilience may be seen in fewer bank failures and more consistent credit provision . '' Market completion , in other words , was the key to a safer system .
But when we look back on this crisis in , say , ten years , what may be striking is how small the direct costs of rescue will appear .
The unspeakable human suffering that they inflict is the same whatever flag they may bear .
Protecting Zimbabwe JOHANNESBURG -- Although the Chinese ship that was carrying arms to Zimbabwe , the An Yue Jiang , has reportedly turned back , we do n't know where else President Robert Mugabe 's military and paramilitary forces may be acquiring weapons .
In addition , we call on the African Union , with the support of the United Nations , to send an investigative mission to Zimbabwe to determine what additional measures may be required to carry out the internationally accepted `` responsibility to protect . ''
Each may sound legitimate and benign , but all stand for the same corrupt system .
If Ukrainians do give these politicians-bearing-gifts their votes , they may continue to receive gifts at the next election , but meanwhile the rulers will keep ruining the country and crippling our souls .
We will pursue our goals regardless of where we find may ourselves - in parliament -LRB- supporting the government or in opposition -RRB- , in the presidential palace , or even in prison for our beliefs -LRB- as I found myself not many weeks ago -RRB- .
An economy that appears arbitrary and illegitimate in the eyes of the majority of people may , for a time , run on the false confidence of easy profits .
Indeed , the denial that men may be arbitrary is the higher law by which we must govern .
The lesson in the open Kryvorizhstal auction is clear : if a president may not act willfully , arbitrarily , by personal prerogative , then no one may .
Ministers may not .
Parliament may not .
Majorities may not .
Individuals may not .
Crowds may not .
Though we may take a step back now and then , as we have recently , only by adhering to this higher law can Ukraine achieve freedom and prosperity for all .
The proposed Baltic Sea pipeline , which would bring gas to Germany directly from Russia , bypassing Poland , Ukraine , the Baltic states , and the rest of Central Europe , is dangerous in this regard , because it may allow Gazprom the freedom to cut gas supplies to customers without endangering supplies to its favored western markets .
But democracy is messy ; with some of our Orange Revolution 's promises postponed or disavowed by President Viktor Yushchenko , there is a chance that on March 26 , when Ukrainians vote for a new parliament , they may in their disappointment choose to return to the realm of corrupt and autocratic rule .
But the records of both alternatives suggest that Ukraine under those who backed the Orange Revolution will remain a member of the club of democracies and open economies , whereas under Yanukovich , Ukraine would turn its back on reform , and may re-embrace the grimmest aspects of our Soviet past .
Indeed , it may be this very fact that finally condemned the old system to the dustbin of history a mere five years later .
Of course , in times of horror such as the Holocaust and Ukraine 's Holodomyr , isolated and powerless individuals may swaddle themselves in indifference simply to retain some shred of sanity .
Because the proposed members of this new `` united economic space '' share Russian as a lingua franca and a common past within the USSR , outsiders may dismiss too readily subtler differences in culture , outlook , and even vocabulary .
There may well have been speculative behavior that contributed to the rapid swing .
Sweden 's Lessons for Managing Financial Crisis STOCKHOLM -- Although Sweden is a small country , its experiences managing its financial crisis of the early 1990 's may provide valuable lessons for others .
Africa 's Hard Black Gold LAGOS - Few infrastructure services in the developed world may be as taken for granted as electric power .
In contrast , coal prices are more stable , and may remain that way for a long time .
Turkey may indeed cause tensions within NATO , but its position represents an astute balance between loyalty to the Alliance and appropriate regard for its own national interests .
Moreover , large investments in R&D may be of limited use if knowledge ca n't be transformed into successful businesses .
There are arguments which make the choice far less clear-cut than it may seem .
Iraq may even disintegrate , leaving us with a much stronger Iran , also a member of the axis of evil but one with a more dangerous mix , namely nuclear ambitions plus fundamentalism .
Moreover , Saddam may already possess a weapon of mass destruction but has been deterred from using it .
Once he is attacked by the US , he may use it against Israel , which will retaliate .
So it may well be wiser to induce Iraq to readmit the UN weapons inspectors and make sure they can do their job .
But the debate may also go the other way .
Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains , and the US may conclude that it can not afford that .
While the Unasur proposal may have been formulated in a more rigorous way than other initiatives , its failure to contemplate trade integration means that there is nothing to tie member states together beyond political will .
This may well have an impact on future regional political coordination , although Mexico 's future membership has not been ruled out .
This regional stasis may worsen as a result of growing nationalism ; an increase in social divisions within states ; weapons proliferation and an increase in military spending ; and environmental degradation .
Constraining American policy may , therefore , be one of the motivations behind Israel 's incursion into Gaza .
To stem the outflow of dollars , the central bank may well be forced to raise interest rates .
But when the time comes to pay for the ride , you may feel like you are in Boston , Luxemburg , or Zurich : the value of the Brazilian real , like the currencies of many emerging-market countries , is high -- and could go higher .
Like cars on a highway , some may drive more slowly than others , but there are minimum and maximum speeds and all must go with the flow of traffic .
There may be disputes in some cases , but the system has brought a degree of legal certainty across the single market that the EU 's member states could not have achieved on their own .
The decision by Depfa Bank to shift its headquarters from Wiesbaden to Dublin in 2002 may be a sign of things to come .
The biggest risk is that the growing disconnect between the perception of `` national '' companies and the reality of Europeanization may lead to spectacularly ill-judged policies .
When information is scarce and unevenly distributed , prices may well depart from the reality of fundamentals .
In such circumstances , prices may well move far from the fundamentals as assessed by a hypothetical collective wisdom that would pool all information in the market .
Trading on the momentum of price movements may then become a rational activity that becomes self-fulfilling , as investors decide to `` ride the bubble '' while it lasts .
This may include restrictions on investments by institutions and individuals and intrusive regulation that limits , or dictates , their conduct in the market .
But consolidation to reduce perceived excess capacity in banking and the automotive sector may create long-term anti-competitive market structures .
But the current crisis might pose the question of whether the populist view of antitrust -- limiting the size of firms because of the excessive influence they may wield -- has some merit .
The issue is not only that firms that become systemically vital may blackmail society , but also that very large firms can tilt the playing field to further their interests at society 's expense .
But if effective checks and balances are not put in place , nineteenth-century antitrust may be back in fashion sooner rather than later .
Indeed , greater competitive pressure may increase the fragility of banks ' balance sheets and make investors more prone to panics .
It may also erode the charter value of institutions .
And the regulatory boundary problem persists : risky activities may migrate to areas where regulation is lax and reproduce the problems with the shadow banking system that we have witnessed during the crisis .
Examining the pretentious homes so tastelessly decorated , I asked who owned them and was told that one house was that of a deputy mayor of Moscow , another housed a famous singer , another the son of the Moscow prosecutor .
They say of their mayor : Sure he steals , but look how much he has done for the city !
Uprooting corruption may leave a state without subjects . But if we do n't stop the march of corruption , the subjects will soon be left without a state .
Many Muslims see that erroneous assumption as evidence of the West 's contempt for Islam , reinforcing their view that Muslims as a whole are victims of discrimination and creating a vicious cycle that may generate further radicalization on both sides .
Indeed , certain aspects of the host-country environment may contribute to radicalization .
This is liable to be reinforced by any negative experiences that Muslims may suffer themselves .
Our interactions with Muslims may be unconsciously influenced by this defensive reflex , and that may encourage equally defensive attitudes on their part .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
Draw the line between normality and disorder too broadly , and individuals may suffer incorrect diagnoses and undergo needless and potentially harmful treatment .
But if the line is drawn too narrowly , individuals may not get needed help .
Another anti-psychiatric backlash may not be far behind .
Screening , if carefully targeted to limit errors , also may have a role to play .
One million people may have died in the North Korean famine of 1995 to 1997 .
Although he avoids talking about it at home , even Kim Jung Il may now believe that `` juche '' is a losing philosophy .
Migrant workers may send money home for a variety of reasons : to maintain good family relations , to ensure an inheritance , or to re-pay a loan from elders .
Or maybe the damage from the hurricane was simply too large for migrants to cover completely .
After all , migrant workers may be relatively well off by standards at home , but they struggle to earn a decent living in their host countries .
Given that family members are the best judge of need , migration and remittances may , in fact , constitute a foreign-aid framework that is better targeted and more effective than any government program can ever be .
She is finding out that the old ways of doing business -- treaties , ambassadors , démarches , alliances , and the rest -- may be useful after all .
With care , such groupings may become the building blocks , rather than the spoilers , of global consensus .
As Afghan President Hamid Karzai is said by his critics to be on the verge of casting his lot with Pakistan and the Taliban , the Pentagon has signaled its fear that the war may spread beyond the Pashtun heartland to the largely Tajik and Uzbek areas in the north of the country .
Or maybe it 's neither .
Beneath even the richest soil , Dangerfield wrote , may lie the most perilous residue of discord and destruction .
Americans do n't do this particularly well , however Byzantine their country 's own politics and policy-making may seem .
The Outer Space Treaty bans placing nuclear weapons in orbit , on celestial bodies , or stationing `` such weapons in outer space in any other manner , '' but may be interpreted to permit their one-time use .
In may places , the environment has been devastated almost beyond recovery .
A recent study by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences concluded that China 's urban-rural income gap is the worst on earth , maybe only slightly better than Zimbabwe .
Talking to a stranger , whom one has never met before and will not meet again , may impede the normal processes of recovery that rely on one 's own social networks - family , friends , priest , doctor , who may be better able to place the trauma in context .
This may happen when old structures are swept away , and are not replaced with new ones in a prudent way .
As to the EU 's executive , the Commission , or at least its president , must be elected - in the long-term it may be elected directly by European citizens , and in the interim , at least by members of the European parliament .
The political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood -LRB- the Freedom and Justice Party -RRB- currently is the best-organized party , and may be in the strongest position to form a majority coalition , including Salafist elements .
Established networks based on family , local loyalties , and tribal affiliations will be key determinants in voting . These circumstances may favor `` non-party list '' candidates associated with the Muslim Brotherhood and the former NDP , particularly in rural Egypt .
The initial elected government may pay an early political price for failure .
In fact , the authors may have got their analysis right , just for the wrong country .
Head further south to Central America -- Guatemala in particular -- and the failed state paradigm may be far more applicable .
Considering the apparent progress made by democracy in the region since the 1990 's , this assessment may seem a little harsh .
The sad truth is that he may well be right : the national police -LRB- PNC -RRB- are notoriously corrupt , understaffed and inefficient , as much a part of the problem as the drug gangs themselves .
The US may view its war on drugs in Mexico and Colombia as partially successful ; the danger is that Central America does not have those countries ' institutional resilience , leaving the way open for new fronts to be opened .
On-the-surface political stability and favourable investment laws may be in place , but in the absence of an effective judiciary or reliable security forces , committing capital to promising projects becomes that much more difficult .
Such changes may well lead to a dramatic reduction in the use of SSRI 's in treating depressed children and adolescents .
While the three low-cost water and sanitation interventions discussed here may not always pass a cost-benefit test , they are likely to attract investment in many circumstances , while simultaneously responding to communities ' preferences .
Raising such questions when nanotechnology is still in its infancy may result in better , safer products and less long-term liability for industry .
Ironically , the properties of nanomaterials that may create concern , such as nanoparticle uptake by cells , are often precisely the properties desired for beneficial uses in medical applications .
We do know that when materials resist degradation , they may be present in the environment for long periods of time , and thus have a greater chance of interacting with the living environment . But processes that may lead to the breakdown of nanomaterials , including degradation by bacteria , are virtually unexplored .
Our initial work on nanomaterial mobility in formations resembling groundwater aquifers or sand filters has shown that while one type of nanomaterial may be very mobile , a second may stay put .
Thus , each nanomaterial may behave differently .
The latter condition may already have been partially met , but US policies to stabilize its financial system should help avoid a major dollar slide .
Chinese research may well provide the building blocks for innovation by US entrepreneurs -- or those from other countries .
This image was very much on my mind when the mayor of São Paulo , Marta Suplicy , asked me to set up a new Strategic Master Plan for our 10.4 million people - a number that grows to 17.4 million when the greater metropolitan area is considered .
And , as NATO approaches its 60th birthday next spring , there seems no immediate urgency about writing its obituary ; 60-year-olds may reasonably look forward to another decade , perhaps two or even three , of active and productive life .
Americans may find their -LRB- old -RRB- European allies less pliable than before -- but they can at least count on the absence of any serious alternatives for what NATO should become , or what it should do .
Official sources report 14,675 industrial-accident deaths in China in 2003 , but statistics on workplace accidents are notoriously unreliable , and some observers suggest that the number may be closer to 120,000 .
Conditions may well get worse before they get better .
Of course , what worked for the US may not work for China .
The US needs to position itself to respond effectively and flexibly to the twists and turns that a potential transition in Burma may take over time , with an eye toward pressing the Burmese leadership to move in positive directions .
All this may sound bizarre if you are a normal person , but it is standard operating procedure for sex offenders .
While some Tea Partiers may be racist or focused on eccentric themes -- such as the validity of Barack Obama 's birth certificate -- far more of them , those who were part of the original grass-roots effort , are focused on issues that have merit .
While the fiscal savings may appear attractive to Cameron in the short term , for the British people -- and for the rest of the world , which benefits from Britain 's liveliness , civilization , and tradition of democracy -- the cost is far too high .
This may not be expressed in a traditional Western feminist set of images , but it is a recognizably Western feminist set of feelings .
This may explain why both Muslim and orthodox Jewish women not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair , but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the West .
Why , for example , in a case that is so dependent on public opinion -- and on which so much depends -- must Assange face allegations that may have grave consequences for him , while his accusers remain hidden ?
They may succeed or fail ; but they are really in the game .
America 's president-elect may even understand that his choice for secretary of state learned to look at statecraft and global policy in that way by sitting with and listening to a formerly dirt-poor woman in a sari in a dusty village commons -- a woman who has now become a small-scale microcredit entrepreneur , and is helping to educate and feed her family .
But , while they and other radical Muslims around the world may hate Americans , it is hard to imagine a more Americanized , suburbanized immigrant subculture than Muslim immigrants in the US .
So maybe we should stop criticizing and start celebrating governments ' enthusiasm for spending on education .
To many of us , the world may seem like an old place .
These countries have experienced unprecedented levels of sustained economic growth that may well enable them to replace the `` Affluents '' as engines of the world economy .
Whether it is coastal versus inland or rural versus urban , these countries must tackle the widening disparities , because high inequality may well threaten their very ability to continue growing as they have .
Despite having conquered inflation , central bankers continue to fight it and as a result may fail to confront the latest economic menace - global deflation .
The recent cut in the ECB 's policy rate amid warnings of possible deflation in Germany lead some to fear that the euro zone may be equally at risk .
So what may be the solutions ?
Indeed , international measures of graft show that the authorities may be reaching a stalemate or even retreating in the fight .
While both policies must be regarded as successes , over the years the family planning program has contributed to an aging population that may diminish China 's attractiveness as a low-cost , labor-intensive manufacturing hub .
As the US and Europe lower interest rates to try to revive their economies and calm financial markets , the most significant impact of the sub-prime mortgage crisis for Latin America may turn out to be inflation .
Ironically , then , the expanded access to mortgage lending that creates new homeowners in Latin America may end up protecting the region from the disaster that too-loose credit created in the US .
Evolution does n't ever build the same form of intelligence twice -- even though similar problems may lead to similar solutions .
Some , of course , may fear a loss of democratic accountability .
But even that may be wishful thinking .
If they abandon macroeconomic discipline , as Hungary and possibly the Czech Republic may be doing , they alone will face the consequences .
By contrast , the unions argue that they have `` social legitimacy , '' a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large-scale demonstrations or drawn-out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
Boosting competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation may not succeed in raising exports in a situation where world trade is rapidly contracting , but it can cushion the blow by switching demand toward domestically produced goods and services .
Of course , statements and intentions may not be identical .
It may be that the SNB merely acknowledges what other central banks do not .
Alternatively , it may be that the SNB mostly wishes to talk the franc down to break the safe-haven effect .
Having promptly achieved depreciation , it may have succeeded .
Other central banks have not expressed any view , which may suggest that they do not intend to retaliate , at least at this stage .
They may have been reassured by the SNB 's official statement that the appreciation represented `` an inappropriate tightening of monetary conditions , '' and that the policy move merely aims `` to prevent any further appreciation of the Swiss franc against the euro . ''
China 's 70 million `` netizens '' may now be in a prime position to guide the transformation of society and determine the country 's future .
Ultimately , what happens may tell us as much about the inherent nature of the internet in our evolving world as about a changing China .
Indeed , the international financial crisis , if handled properly , may also be turned into an opportunity to reach a win-win solution for both climate protection and economic development .
For example , if the required majority of shareholders adopts such a plan , the court should protect the rights of the minority of creditors who may have opposed it .
Indeed , better understanding of China 's foreign policy motivations may help prevent relations between China and the United States from hardening into rigid and antagonistic postures .
China 's policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign-policy circles in the near future .
This change may augur future adjustments in China 's foreign policy as well , for `` happiness '' is a word used more frequently in Chinese traditional political thought than in Marxist political philosophy .
Abbas , supported by the United States and the European Union , may have control over significant funding .
The Kuwaiti model may be risky , but the alternative -- simply ignoring the need for change -- could prove fatal .
They may now seek a deeper connection to their Muslim identity , but , having learned to question authority , they are unlikely to accept rigid parental or Islamic traditions .
Now , something like a dividing line is emerging , and if Bush finally begins to understand the region 's dynamics , he may be able to craft a policy with a chance of success .
Yet as `` Battle of Baghdad '' begins , factors beyond Bush 's control and not of his making -LRB- at least not intentionally -RRB- may just save Iraq from its doom .
But he is deeply mistrusted by other Shi'a leaders , who fear that they may one day have to take him on by themselves .
Iran and Syria , which have played a spoiler role in Iraq up to now , may also now be anxious to find a way to pull the country back from the brink .
Yet Iran may already see itself as victorious , with the current Iraqi government friendlier than any the Iranians have ever known .
With Muslims becoming a bigger factor in Russian domestic politics in the decades ahead , it may be wise for Russia to take an interest in Middle East affairs .
The timing and location of the clashes may have serious repercussions for domestic security , if not for the regime itself .
Saleh 's dilemma is that Western aid may now come with increased interference in Yemen 's internal affairs at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country 's civil wars .
Fighting Al Qaeda in Yemen through such means may temporarily reduce terrorism , but it will not end it .
Bin Laden 's eradication may strip some dictators , from Libya 's Muammar el-Qaddafi to Yemen 's Ali Abdallah Saleh , of the main justification they have used for their decades of repression .
Saudi jihadis were at the heart of the mayhem that killed hundreds of thousands in the years immediately following the 2003 US-led invasion .
LONDON -- Saudi Arabia may not have been directly implicated in the conspiracy that killed more than 3,000 people on September 11 , 2001 , but it has been consumed in a conspiracy of silence ever since .
If some Najdi may now be mistrusted , where can the al-Saud turn ?
The reformers talk about partial municipal elections , national dialogue , and the rights of women , who they hint may one day even be allowed to drive cars !
In spite of this , Abdullah may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naif 's forces .
If Abdullah -LRB- aged 83 -RRB- can perhaps skip a generation and appoint a more open-minded younger figure , there may be hope .
It may also be too late for Saudi Arabia .
Roh 's suicide is a disaster for his family and a national shame , while North Korean leader Kim Jong-il 's nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum , but one which may have dire consequences for the two Koreas and the world .
The bigger threat today is actual combat , for , the day after North Korea 's nuclear test , South Korea announced its full participation in the US-led Proliferation Strategic Initiative , which seeks to intercept ships that may be involved in illegally transporting nuclear technology .
As a result , growing inter-Korean hostility may ultimately prove far more lethal to the well-being of all Koreans than Roh Moo-hyun 's tragic suicide and Kim Jong-il 's futile fireworks .
After all , once Russia 's richest man can be stripped of his assets at any moment , ordinary Russian businessmen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky .
In fact , only businesspeople may now be able to influence events : a sharp and pronounced slowdown , with Russian capital showing its displeasure by voting with its feet , might be the last hope for turning the prosecutors from their chosen course .
But , given the tastes and appetites of Moscow 's mayor , you can assume that he will continue to pour what money remains into the city 's building boom .
On our part , we also will be recognizing not so much the Palestinian people , which one day may merge with the people of Jordan , as an independent and sovereign Palestinian state within the 1967 borders .
If Iran gains nuclear weapons , it may , like Nazi Germany before it , be engulfed by murderous folly , threatening disaster for Israel .
Long-term development may give countries more capacity to soften the impact of climate change on the environment and citizens ' health , but in the meantime the planet 's poorest people will need help from the rich .
The `` Dear Leader 's '' declining health will add even more uncertainty and may cause international instability across East Asia .
Thus , some type of power struggle , rather like what occurred in the Soviet Union following Stalin 's death , may invariably follow a brief period of collective rule .
This may lead to suppression of pressure from below for economic reform and opening .
As a result , the economy may worsen and political instability increase .
In such a difficult domestic situation , North Korea 's leaders may adopt more hostile policies to obtain economic aid from both South Korea and the United States .
After six turbulent but somewhat predictable decades , we may be entering into a new era of greater turbulence but less predictability on the Korean Peninsula .
First , Kim Jong-il and his third son , Kim Jong-un , may have become much more confident as a result of North Korea 's emergence as a de facto nuclear state .
North Korea 's new boldness may reflect Kim Jong-il 's wish to polish the 26-year-old Kim Jong-un 's image as a strong and decisive leader .
Or , it may be that all of the provocations that have followed Kim Jong-il 's illness may be the work of Kim Jong-un himself .
In other words , the process of power transfer may be progressing much faster than anyone outside of North Korea has guessed .
As a result , the regime may be trying to divert people 's attention from internal difficulties and push them to unite behind the emerging new leader .
The attack on the Cheonan may have been particularly useful in cementing the regime 's hold on the military , which felt disgraced by North Korea 's inept performance in a confrontation with the South Korean navy near the Northern Limit Line in the West Sea in November 2009 .
Without a strong and internationally coordinated response to the sinking of the Cheonan , such reckless provocations are not only likely to continue , but may become more frequent .
Moreover , there is no hope that any new leader , whoever it may be , will get any breathing space to establish unquestioned control , given the economy 's utter state of decay , as last year 's failed bid to reform the currency demonstrated .
One troubling aspect of this change is that the new leader may feel the need to resort to brute force more frequently in order to suppress popular resistance .
The attack on the South Korean naval ship Cheonan earlier this year may be a grim sign of things to come .
At a time of increased tension between North Korea , South Korea , and the United States such a policy may seem impossible to undertake .
In fact , following the recent currency fiasco , North Korean leaders may have become more open to economic reform than ever before .
Conservatives in both the United States and South Korea may argue that North Korea must first move toward denuclearization before any kind of economic assistance is offered .
On the contrary , it may be impossible to win North Korea 's assent to denuclearization in the absence of far-reaching domestic change .
There are signs that the Seoul meeting may be successful .
These two issues may or may not be on the table for further discussion in Seoul .
Given the regularity of serious diplomatic spats -- over everything from tiny atolls in the South China Sea to the legacy of World War II -- this may sound like an elusive dream .
Once the trial begins , Syria may find itself in the dock .
This makes them vulnerable to Syrian leverage , and is why they may be more amenable to dealing with Syria on the presidency .
Indeed , China 's investment rate may have surpassed 50 % in 2009 .
Second , China 's external imbalance may also worsen .
In fact , worsening overcapacity , together with all the many types of price distortions still in place , may push Chinese enterprises to boost production for export markets , like the United States , where protectionist tendencies are likely to intensify in 2010 and onwards .
Third , China 's financial stability and fiscal position may deteriorate in the medium term .
All in all , the negative impact of the Chinese government 's crisis-management measures on China 's long-term growth may be serious if the authorities fail to tackle the economy 's structural problems head on .
In 2010 , for example , the government may seek to stimulate domestic consumption by making income distribution more favorable to the household sector relative to the enterprise sector , and by providing more public goods to reduce households ' precautionary savings .
China is like the shareholders of a company that has increased the supply of its shares in a stealthy way : the share price may not have fallen yet , but it will .
The PBC knows that rapid deterioration in America 's fiscal position and continual worsening in its external balance may create an irresistible temptation for the US to inflate away its debt burden .
The more the PBC intervenes , the larger the national welfare losses that China may suffer in the future .
Of course , RMB appreciation may displace Chinese goods sold in the US .
It may soon set the stage for the post-Kyoto world .
At the same time , we must face the facts : fossil fuels will not last forever , and some supplies may dwindle soon .
IRENA may not be a component of the UN system , but it should be regarded as part of the family from the outset .
Although this example may suggest that Africans are united against homosexuality , they are not ; gay advocates are simply terrified of speaking out , frightened that their support will be interpreted as an admission that they are gay .
Yet the notion of `` coming out '' may not be a solution for every African homosexual .
A crucial experiment is now underway in Malawi and other places that may help to expand farm output so that other poor farmers need not surrender their children for adoption .
They may be right .
In an Africa bereft of successful populist politicians , Zuma 's role models may come from Latin America , where income inequality is also extreme and the trade-union movement , as in South Africa , is strong and militant .
California Dying Berkeley -- While the new Obama administration is commanding global attention , America 's future may be written -- as so many times before -- in and by its largest state .
Because other American states also face tough fiscal conditions , the political price of bailing out California may be bailing out dozens of other states too .
Yet as a condition , he may insist that Californians , who are already among the most heavily taxed Americans , pay more .
The answer may be quite simple : too many bosses have abandoned basic human values and embraced the credo famously uttered by Gordon Gekko in the movie Wall Street : `` Greed is good . ''
China , by contrast , sees its growth as tied to a stable currency , and may not want to introduce a more flexible exchange-rate regime , even after the 2.1 % revaluation in July , pending alleviation of structural problems for which it is extremely difficult to set a timetable .
This may explain the growing efforts of Chinese businesses in recent years to go global themselves .
We must teach people , especially our children , to think of themselves as `` heroes-in-waiting , '' ready to take heroic action in a particular situation that may occur only once in their lifetime .
In 2009 , we may see the first decline in global trade since 1982 .
