According to the constitution -LRB- originally promulgated in 1973 by an elected parliament -RRB- , a serving military official can not run for an elected office .
To be sure , in some cases , judicial activism was obvious -LRB- though within the realm of constitutional law -RRB- , and the media also made mistakes ; but by no stretch of the imagination can these be linked to religious extremism or support for militancy .
Nor can a weak , embattled , and disoriented Musharraf be expected to fight Islamic militancy effectively or bring political stability to Pakistan .
As chaos and confusion set in , we should not lose sight of President Pervez Musharraf 's partial responsibility for this turn of events . At the very least , he can not be absolved from his government 's failure to provide Bhutto with adequate security .
One can understand why religious extremists like Al-Qaeda and Taliban would target her , and the government claims that it is impossible to defend against a suicide attack .
With Pakistan 's future in the balance , the West 's help and support will be crucial , but that means recognizing that Musharraf is not the only leader who can resolve Pakistan 's myriad problems and manage the war on terror .
This window of opportunity can be expanded through dialogue and reconciliation with those who are ready to disavow extremism and militancy .
In this context , the army , seeking to avoid sole responsibility for reverses , wants a popular government to take charge of policy . No such government can emerge if the elected parties are unseated .
Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
Much of the current trouble can be traced to Afghanistan , whose tragedy could never have remained confined within its designated borders .
The ills of two decades in South Asia can be attributed to the Afghan jihad years : the rise of the Taliban , the dominance of Pakistani-sponsored religious fanatics within the Kashmir freedom movement , and the eventual spread of sectarian conflict within Pakistan .
Equally important for Pakistan is to expand and reform its public education system and improve basic services so that radical groups can not lure young people into their educational and welfare networks .
Otherwise , the status quo can gravely threaten Pakistan 's -- and South Asia 's -- future .
The terrorists have shown before that they can take a punch , strike back , and even rebuild their networks .
Only a concerted law-enforcement effort , with the full support of the intelligence services , can succeed in the Pakistani heartland .
Moreover , the Syrian view of the Arab-Israeli dispute can not be glossed over , because Syrian agreement is necessary for any peaceful settlement .
But the Project seems to represent the type of activity that can help produce visions for change .
We can deliver no judgment at this stage as to where things might be heading .
Advocates of dialogue with the Iranians and their Syrian allies , like former United States Secretary of State James Baker , labor under the delusion that they can actually reach an understanding that can enable a graceful US exit from Iraq and help stabilize that wounded country .
The delusion is based on two false assumptions : that the Iranians and the Syrians can succeed in Iraq where the US has failed , and that the international community can afford to pay the price of ensuring their cooperation .
But the idea that these activities can be halted at will is naïve .
Assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten -- and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking Syria 's alliance with Iran .
Assad can not turn his back on all of this .
UNICEF is working around the clock to restore a sense of normalcy for Gaza 's youth -- developing remedial worksheets to help children keep up with their studies ; creating sports and recreation programs in schools ; and working with communities to establish play areas where kids can be kids in safety .
But , while UNICEF is doing all it can to comfort those in the midst of Gaza 's madness , only political leaders can bring the dreadful nightmare to an end . It is time for new engagement . The siege must be lifted .
NEW YORK -- The Greek debt crisis has prompted questions about whether the euro can survive without a nearly unimaginable centralization of fiscal policy .
Similarly , private borrowers can go to prison if they misrepresent their financial condition to secure bank loans .
When private borrowers default , bankruptcy courts supervise a bankruptcy or reorganization process through which even unsecured creditors can hope to recover something .
Worse , the debt that states raise abroad is usually denominated in a currency whose value they can not control .
And , because much of the risk is borne by banks -LRB- rather than by , say , hedge funds -RRB- , which play a central role in lubricating the payments system , a sovereign-debt crisis can cause widespread harm .
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
Russia will certainly continue its diplomatic efforts to persuade the world that negotiations are the only way to solve the problem , and that it can not be solved outside the UN .
While the US and the EU do not want to worsen relations with Russia , they can not retreat in the face of Russian obduracy ; security in Europe is at stake .
Here Hamas members are simply reiterating Arafat 's views , which will continue to limit the concessions any new leader can make .
But can he translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire , peaceful elections , and consolidated PA rule in Gaza and the northern West Bank ? Failure to do so will lead to yet another defeat for the legitimate Palestinian aim of attaining a viable state .
The diffculty of the task ahead can hardly be overstated .
The first is a new missile named Sajil , which has a range of 15 kilometers and can reach more Israeli towns and cities .
Similarly , Mohamed Deif , the leader of Hamas 's military wing , asserted on a recent videotape that the lesson of Gaza is that Israel can be forced out of the West Bank , Jerusalem , and Haifa .
These are not problems that can await resolution . Someone must decide soon , for example , about the division of the land and the apartments to be built in what is already known as `` Khalifa bin Zaid City , '' located on a former Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip .
No matter what happens the day after Israel 's final Gaza disengagement , one can not escape the fact that Hamas 's military options have diminished greatly .
Hamas won 76 of 132 seats in the Palestinian Legislative Council , and can count on support from four independent deputies .
Whether Hamas can actually be transformed into a more moderate organization is impossible to say right now .
With the Palestinians ' future at stake -- not to mention the future of Israel and the Middle East -- no one can say if Hamas is up to the task .
Israel can help Abbas by releasing senior Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti , who is currently serving five life sentences in an Israeli prison .
If Hamas can establish order inside Gaza , prevent violence against Israel , and stop missile attacks against Israeli towns and villages , it might avoid Israeli military intervention .
A house divided against itself can not stand , said Abraham Lincoln .
The Arab position is that no proximity talks can be held until Israel freezes its settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
But there is a growing sense that the waiting game can not last much longer . Whatever comes next will most likely come soon .
But this can only happen with considerable investment .
Recent successes in Brazil against AIDS , in Mozambique against malaria , and in China against TB , show what can be achieved on a global scale with more resources .
Looking at recent history , one can identify four factors that will continue to drive oil prices higher unless a major earthquake brings the market to its knees .
Of course , prices can not continue to rise indefinitely -- the price increase will ration demand .
They intend to export oil embedded in other products , such as petrochemicals , plastic , aluminum , etc. . And they can build such plants in faster than the oil-consuming countries can establish alternatives to oil imports , exacerbating future shortages .
It can also provide an opportunity for Europeans to demonstrate again to the US their willingness to invest in self-defense capabilities , and to play an active role in a process that , until now , has been conducted largely over their heads , by the US and Russia .
Clearly , these things can be useful and important .
If that happens , we can move forward to create a missile-defense system that not only defends the Euro-Atlantic community , but that also brings it together .
We are not quite there , but we are getting there . Missile defense can be part of that positive trend .
The war in Afghanistan , which was truly revolutionary in the way it was conducted , proves how new information and communication technology can bring about success with a minimal number of men on the ground and minimal losses .
This can no longer continue - at least not if the EU is serious about playing a leading role in the world .
Little wonder , then , that Argentina 's current crisis is so harsh : the portion of its economy that can generate the export revenues necessary to repay foreign debt is too small .
The more open an economy is , the more easily it can avoid this trap .
Policy can help open it up .
In short , regulation tends to distort incentives , stimulating what economists call rent-seeking behavior : the taxi driver and the license official collect unearned premiums -LRB- rents -RRB- solely because they can exploit their position as insiders , not because they are more productive .
Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
Even taking a generous view , the best that can be said is that the system is neutral insofar as redistribution is concerned , because the wealthiest pay more taxes and use more university services .
Moreover , if salaries are low , how can university deans stop their faculty members from scouring the country to do lucrative consulting ?
The saving rates among Europe 's old people indicate that they are worried about the dwindling number of workers who can be taxed to support them .
The profoundly different values that America and Europe hold can best be viewed by examining how each perceives poverty , inequality , and the welfare state .
In fact , even the American poor do not mind inequality , which they see as a social ladder that they can climb .
One explanation is that America is a more mobile society where the poor are not trapped and can seemingly get out of poverty if they really try .
Being richer , they can provide more financial support to parties and politicians who will defend their interests than the young , who might want to push for pension reform .
Officials can take two obvious steps to avoid it altogether .
Of course , it is easy to understand why this does not happen : when redistribution is transparent , those who pay for it can complain .
In the meantime , one can only suggest to our grandparents that they compensate their grandchildren by leaving them generous private bequests along with high tax burdens .
Obviously the European Commission can play a positive role only if it embraces a stance in favor of liberalizing markets and does not fall into the trap of focusing on coordinating national regulation throughout the Union .
In many developing countries , weak regulators and a widespread perception of corruption often stand in the way of pro-market reforms ; the left -LRB- populist or otherwise -RRB- can credibly argue that capitalism is `` corrupt '' and so must be taken under the wing of the government .
If capitalists are corrupt , how can you convince a poor peasant to believe in the market economy ?
However , excessive zeal and pursuit of cases with dubious economic justification , as has sometimes happened in merger cases , can do serious damage .
Punishing this airline will only reduce competition in the airline industry , an outcome that , Mario Monti , the EU competition commissioner , and Loyola de Palacio , the EU transport commissioner , can not possibly want .
So how can the Commission distinguish between cases ?
Only in exceptional cases can this presumption be overturned .
Brussels can not force a member country to privatize : it can only force it to run a state-owned company as if it were a private corporation .
The over-representation of Western Europe and the under-representation of growing developing countries can not last .
But New York and Los Angeles , the two most ethnically diverse cities in the US , are also America 's leaders in business and in the arts . Nothing comes easy in this world : if the Union can not manage a multicultural society in Europe , then it ought to prepare itself for permanent stagnation .
But I can not -LRB- and do not -RRB- then complain if my income does not grow faster and faster .
Inequality can be accepted , but not if it is the fruit of corruption , and this remains China 's foremost social problem , which the Party has been unable to eradicate , despite Caijng 's exposés and the death penalty .
The point is that questions such as , `` Are we creating too much inequality ? '' can not even be asked in China .
This is why China can not shelve the problem of its transition to democracy .
Berlusconi 's interest is clear : he wants someone he can call and ask to look after Italy 's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to Alitalia or some other favor .
Maybe they did , and maybe they did n't : one can not know , especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia .
Thirty years of macroeconomic upheaval in Latin America can be boiled down to a simple lesson : governments throughout the region are too large compared with their ability to raise revenue through normal types of taxation .
The real issue in Brazil today is not whether a 3.8 % primary surplus is sufficient to keep the debt stable , but whether the economy can survive its burden of distortionary taxes .
Within a period of just a few weeks , the European Court of Justice -LRB- to which private parties can appeal decisions made by the Commission -RRB- voided three of Monti 's decisions rejecting proposed corporate mergers .
We are confident that Monti 's office could answer the Court 's criticisms and that reasonable people can disagree on the subtleties of whether these mergers threaten competition enough to be rejected .
The parties involved can appeal to the European Court of Justice , but this takes time and a reversal of the Commission 's decision typically produces no more than a moral victory to one of the parties . The time of the merger may have come and gone , as was the case in the Airtours\/First Choice decision .
Continuing effort by US officials , for example , to focus narrowly on trade in services and agriculture impedes wider agreements by limiting the tradeoffs that can be made among sectors .
It needs to connect better with its own citizens , to renew their support by showing that Europeans working together can foster growth and jobs , fight international crime , and secure a clean environment .
In fact , there is a sense that we can not afford to fail .
In a challenging period for the Union , it needs to show that , when the chips are down , its members can make collective but difficult decisions in the common interest .
I believe that we can settle this most difficult question in an equitable way .
There is a developing consensus that ` representativeness ' and legitimacy can be achieved by including nationals of all member states in the next two Commissions , with a move thereafter to a fixed smaller number based on strictly equal rotation .
Because they know how supposedly `` innocent '' insinuations grow into accusations and that accusations can become discrimination and soon after legislation . It is then that hysteria is set loose .
By doing so they strengthen our democracies in ways that no other people can .
It is a shame for all of Europe that many French Jews can not send their children to school without worrying about their security .
Yet people pretend that they can where Israel is concerned .
I can think of few European officials less suitable for a showdown with Saddam Hussein .
Annan can not plead that he faced any risk to his personal safety , whereas Wallenberg in 1944 and 1945 was in constant peril .
Nor can he possibly excuse himself by saying that no warnings were given , or that he lacked resources , or that he did not have the international position to intervene .
So the question now is what can China do to freeze -- and , if possible , to reverse -- North Korea 's nuclear program .
If Washington is serious about these words , it should transform this commitment into a long-term and comprehensive alliance that can survive the current estrangement - and continue even after Korean unification - by making a joint declaration with South Korea 's government at the highest level .
Turkey is invited to Council meetings , it can participate in various EU programs and in manifestations of the European Common Foreign Policy , and , as a member of NATO , it is a partner in EU-NATO security cooperation .
It also means careful coordination of TB and HIV programs , so that people living with both diseases can receive treatment in the same location .
The resurgence of TB has become a grave health emergency , and the world can no longer afford to be lethargic in addressing it .
It has fought off Muslim terrorists in Kashmir , Sikh terrorists in Punjab , Christian terrorists in Nagaland , and Hindu terrorists in Assam and across the country . It understands that you can not blame the whole community for the sins of a few .
For example , economics can explain in this way why consumers buy what they do .
We can not explain this convergence in terms of standard economic arguments , such as changes in relative prices and incomes , because no such changes were sufficiently large .
But we can explain it if we ask how people think about themselves -- that is , if we examine changes in gender norms .
Nothing in standard economic analysis can make sense of such a pay structure -- or of the rituals that are central to military tradition .
But the main attraction is a shooting gallery where patrons can test their skills between courses .
As we can now see , the Social Committee For the Moral Revival of the Fatherland wants to be among the managers .
But you can either trap yourself inside history or take lessons from it and move on .
This more liberal approach to non-Muslims can be observed in today 's AKP -LRB- Justice and Development Party -RRB- government , in power since 2002 .
Yet Filipinos themselves simply can not seem to imagine their leaders behind bars .
The burning summer of 2010 may help Russians to understand that their very existence depends on whether the authorities can provide assistance in times of emergency .
A regime that can not respond to its citizens ' basic needs has no legitimacy at all .
This is true , in part , because scientists can often predict the future consequences of current actions .
Through a rigorous review process , the Academies insist that each report be limited to what science can say about the subject based on evidence and logic , without preempting the decisions that need to be made by others .
An important audience for each IAC report are the 100 academies of science that belong to the IAP . Each has a special responsibility for disseminating a report 's recommendations throughout its own country , which can considerably enhance the academy 's effectiveness in influencing national policies .
And , now that it has , how can Russians move beyond it , to realize the rights and liberties promised to them in the country 's constitution ?
One can understand why the demand to comply with Article 31 has gained popular support .
There are also other signs of awakening civic engagement , which are particularly evident in Internet discussions , which the Kremlin can not control in the same way that it does other Russian media .
Over the past decade , the electoral system was `` improved '' in such a way that no outcome can lead to a change in the federal government .
EU citizens can secure a clearer understanding of what the Convention should achieve by asking this question : how should governmental functions be divided between the EU and its member nations ?
These can be provided at different levels : local , regional , national , or supranational government , i.e. , the EU .
But they can succeed by displaying comparable wisdom and foresight .
Only Saudi Arabia can manage the global output of oil in such a way that will make room for Iraqi oil and keep prices high .
The biggest threats to the world 's energy security are not terrorist attacks or embargoes by oil-producing countries -- short-term events that can be dealt with quickly and effectively through various measures , including reliance on strategic petroleum reserves , increases in production , and diversion of oil shipments .
Only long-term , market-oriented , economically viable , and sustainable energy options can ensure economic growth in both producing and consuming countries .
While they can feed on each other to produce a vicious cycle , their short-term relationship is distinct from their long-term relationship .
OPEC can regain control in one of two ways : use its `` claimed '' excess capacity to flush out speculators , or use its financial surpluses to overtake them .
Recourse to the latter option means that , even without excess capacity , OPEC can still be in the driver 's seat .
Europe 's New Mission in Africa The EU 's military mission to ensure free and fair elections in the Democratic Republic of Congo -LRB- DRC -RRB- has shown what the European Security and Defense Policy -LRB- ESDP -RRB- can achieve in Africa .
Large parts of Africa need support , and Europe can and must lend a hand .
At the same time , we in Europe can not afford to dismiss Africa 's troubles as if they had no impact on our own societies .
In the early stages of a crisis , European intervention -- through political and financial assistance , diplomatic intervention , and even military action -- can prevent it from erupting into violence .
Moreover , when a crisis is winding down and there are openings for moderating influences , outside intervention can prove instrumental in enforcing peace and bringing warring factions to the negotiating table .
Its industry and population are growing dynamically , so its energy demands are producing geo-political synergy with Russia and Iran , neither of which can afford to cut the flow of oil and gas without provoking a massive internal crisis .
Even if the AKP can rely on the allegiance of millions of voters and swarms of new members anxious to join the winning side , the secularists are deeply entrenched in Turkey 's institutions , universities , media , and business .
The European Commission is now working on extending the focus of surveillance beyond fiscal policy so that we can identify risks stemming from macroeconomic imbalances or changes in competitiveness and address them before they become entrenched .
When the euro area manages to agree swiftly on a coordinated position , this can be instrumental to finding agreement in the EU as a whole and internationally .
No one can deny that structural reforms are currently underway in all eurozone countries that have been struck by the crisis .
Eurozone members facing a loss of competitiveness can no longer afford to skirt difficult but necessary reforms through a monetary `` quick fix '' that shifts the burden onto their trade partners : as always , beggar-thy-neighbor policies reward laxity and penalize virtue .
We have seen how financial engineering in the United States can determine economic growth in every part of the world ; how carbon-dioxide emissions from China end up influencing crop yields and livelihoods in Vietnam , Bangladesh , the Maldives , and beyond ; how an epidemic in Mexico endangers the rhythm of public life in the US ; or how volcanic ash from Iceland affects travel across Europe .
We can not establish an effective social contract without an explicit understanding of our responsibilities towards each other -- and of the rights that emerge alongside those responsibilities .
Our expectations of other drivers , which serve to mitigate the theoretical risks of driving , can exist because people adhere to a framework of laws , habits , and conventions about how to operate automobiles .
We know that around one-third of cancers can be prevented .
In addition , a diagnosis no longer has to be a death sentence , because one-third of cancers can be cured if detected early and treated properly .
Preventive measures such as public-health initiatives to curb smoking can be remarkably effective .
National interests can no longer be effectively pursued unilaterally ; US global interests are served best by multilateral action and bodies .
The list could continue , but we already have reason enough to conclude that getting the best out of the new Treaty will be the best that the EU and its member states can do .
If not , can we fix it , and is a constitution the way to do it ?
How can a European citizen really identify with Europe if no single `` Europe '' exists ?
If the Community does something that affects someone 's rights , he or she can go to court .
But Europe 's institutions are hard to criticize because they produce acts that ordinary people can not name or understand .
In national life , acts of parliaments are called `` statutes '' or `` laws , '' and these usually have names that you can rally for and against .
In the EU we have '' regulations , '' `` directives , '' `` decisions , '' `` general guidelines , '' `` common strategies , '' `` common actions , '' `` common positions '' - a myriad that only experts can comprehend .
By god , we can fight about `` the law Cirami '' !
Because Europe has so many bodies that legislate - the Council of Ministers , the Council for Agriculture , the Council for Industry , the Council for the Environment , etc. - we can not know who is doing what and why .
One of them is that more Europe can not mean a centralized system .
Economic wealth can not be created by government decree ; it comes from productive jobs that create goods and services that people value .
State handouts can be reliably financed only by controlling the economy 's productive sectors . But in the Arab world , as everywhere else , this leads to theft , corruption , uncompetitive monopolies , a stifling of enterprise , and , eventually and inevitably , to decline and decay .
Arab countries need to become places where people can create their own productive jobs , pursue their own opportunities , provide for themselves , and determine their own future .
As long as Gazprom remains opaque , Europe can not know whether its key supplier is spending enough to develop future reserves .
Gazprom can not be a partner to Europe if it does not invest in its own infrastructure , yet plays a leading role in stripping Russian private businesses , invests $ 14 billion in non-core assets , such as news media , and is run from the Office of the Presidential Administration .
Simultaneously , through the diversification of supply sources , massive investments in liquified natural gas -LRB- LNG -RRB- , and a strong push in favor of the Nabucco pipeline and inter-connectors between the Mediterranean rim countries , Europe can move closer toward energy security .
Others emphasize the pragmatic , pointing out that EU members can achieve far more in foreign\/defense policy by working together than on their own .
In Europe , however , those challenges are matters of will and political leadership , which can not come from committees .
Because no single EU state can provide the dominant leadership America provided NATO during the Cold War , Britain , France , and Germany must assume this role in Europe .
Moreover , increasing a bank 's leverage can be very profitable when returns on investments exceed the cost of funding .
Any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of CMOs or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for Milton Friedman 's `` free lunch . ''
Today , the global integration of financial markets means that problems can pop up anywhere , at any time .
Clearly , Chinese factories can no longer offer dirt-cheap prices .
In decades to come , China can no longer sustain the cost advantages that defined its initial period of export success .
Industrial clusters have been established in many parts of the country , where business connections can compensate for rising costs .
For developing countries , this source of income can be substantial over several decades , and is needed by governments for investment in infrastructure , health care , education , etc. .
It raises questions about the stringencies of the World Bank 's eligibility criteria and allocation models which can prevent support of the most needy .
Without food security , individuals can have no chance of achieving social mobility .
We expect 6-7 billion pesos in savings by the end of this year , which can be used for other high-priority development projects .
Turkey also shows that the supposed clash between democracy and security -- and , indeed , between democracy and Islam -- can be reconciled .
With luck , this model can be exported throughout the Muslim world .
Consequently , although the current crisis is expected to have a relatively minor effect compared to past upheavals , the possibility of contagion from turbulence in the US can not be disregarded .
Beyond that , one can only hope that current external economic disturbances do not lead to a global disaster .
Nor is democracy synonymous with strong institutions , and social protection can not substitute for an efficient labor market .
Lula 's eight years in office showed developing countries everywhere that the state can not do everything , while making no less clear to even the most orthodox that the interests of the markets do not always coincide with those of the country .
Let us hope that Rousseff continues to narrow this gap and can give Brazilians the country they deserve .
It will now be up to the UN General Assembly to provide final approval of the Protocol . If adopted , this instrument can make a real difference in the lives of those who are often left to languish at the margins of society , and are denied their economic , social , and cultural rights , such as access to adequate nutrition , health services , housing , and education .
Climate change caused by environmental destruction in one place can cause floods , storms , drought , and famine anyplace , and easy global travel means that diseases travel more quickly .
In short , no nation on this changing , shrinking planet can truly address its own problems in isolation .
We can not meet everyone 's demands , or solve all our problems at once .
The panel will produce a prioritized list of solutions that can serve as a set of guidelines for regional policymakers , helping us to be both ambitious and realistic .
The '' Consulta de San José , '' as the event has been dubbed , will produce practical ideas that leaders can implement , and help us to identify and promote cost-efficient initiatives .
They must be built with the knowledge that no fence , wall , or even an ocean or a continent can truly divide us from the problems of others .
Powerful supporters defend him , using any underhanded means they can muster .
By contrast , far from causing the demise of an armed movement , the killing of a charismatic leader at the hands of his enemies can transform such a figure into a martyr .
Repressive dictatorships can not win free and fair elections . But they can use extreme violence to consolidate their control over the state , its people , and its institutions .
Libya , of course , can survive the gloomy prospect of post-authoritarian civil war .
Six people were killed -- a reminder of what can happen if violent polarization continues between neighboring towns and villages .
Vendetta politics is not unknown in Libya , and , in an armed society comprising more than 120 tribes -- including around 30 with significant numbers and resources -- it can become extremely dangerous .
The public trial of Mubarak shows what united demands can achieve .
Unity now can bring justice and freedom later .
The world now waits to see if last year 's impressive domestic demand growth can be sustained , and if China can , in the words of Prime Minister Wen Jiabao , `` give full play to the leading role of ... consumer demand in driving economic growth . ''
But more can be done to speed up the existing reform package , find ways to develop full coverage for catastrophic health events , and develop government-backed financing of tertiary education .
Those who can export capital will do so .
A couple of weeks before his arrest , Khodorkovsky told me : `` I do not understand how they can win , given how many mistakes they make . ''
Putin is violating too many rules of politics , and just can not stop .
They ask : `` How can the appointment of governors be a means of fighting terrorism ? ''
This process can destabilize Russia faster than anybody now realizes .
He can probably do so , but will need to undertake a complete U-turn . He must sack his top KGB friends and hapless Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov .
Much of the regional differences can be explained by their degree of democracy and openness rather than ethnicity .
In addition , if Ukraine 's President becomes an international pariah , he can only turn to Russia , as is the case of President Aleksandr Lukashenko in Belarus .
Yet much can still go wrong .
Such a powerful apparatus can not retire to a quiet life in a dacha as Yeltsin did -- it would have to privatize everything first -- which implies that Putin has no choice but to remain in office , regardless of what he says about not seeking a third presidential term .
They ignore the fact that the NBU can control only the nominal appreciation of the hryvnia .
The great economist Rudi Dornbusch used to say that a financial crisis usually starts much later than anyone expects , but then develops faster than anyone can imagine .
Yushchenko and the NBU can still act , but if they do not do so immediately , a costly and unnecessary financial crisis might ensue .
Too many big investors can no longer meet their margin calls , while borrowing costs have risen sharply .
Why continue building when you can neither finance your investment nor sell real estate ?
How long Russia can afford such an expensive prime minister ?
Moreover , while the customs union was proclaimed in 1995 , the earliest it can be formed is in July 2011 , which is unlikely .
A series of World Bank and Russian studies have estimated that Russia can gain 0.5-1 .0 percentage points in economic growth for half a decade if it joins the WTO .
How can modern Western democracies impose strict fiscal discipline ?
How can accountability be imposed ?
How can unrepresentative vested interests be contained ?
Some European countries can reduce their debt through continuous budget surpluses , as Bulgaria , Finland , Russia , and Sweden have done in the last decade .
Instead , Western leaders need to focus on fixing their state budgets in order to salvage what they can .
Moreover , success here can provide lessons in how to facilitate the daunting process of reform and modernization in the wider Middle East .
Today , as protests mount and multiply , the government of every Arab state in the Middle East and North Africa probably believes that , if left to its own devices , it can contain internal dissent .
And still some say that Syria can not change .
Peaceful change in Syria can nonetheless be achieved , and the international community can influence that process by recognizing that its continued focus on the country 's `` complexity '' does nothing for its people .
With international assistance in developing Syria 's democratic institutions and political infrastructure , we can build a robust civil society that can assert its own identity and sovereignty , independent of undue outside influence .
The trillions of dollars that have been mobilized to address current woes , together with the trillions of investors ' dollars waiting in the wings , represent an opportunity that was unthinkable only 12 months ago : the chance to steer a more resource-efficient and intelligent course that can address problems ranging from climate change and natural-resource scarcity to water shortages and biodiversity loss .
While CO2 can remain in the atmosphere for centuries , other pollutants , including black carbon and ozone , remain for relatively periods -- days , weeks , months , or years -- so that reducing or ending emissions promises almost immediate climate benefits .
At present , versions of the other options can be seen .
Islam as a religion can be tolerant as well as triumphalist -- as its sister world religion , Christianity , can be .
But just as there could be no moral neutrality in the war against Nazism and Fascism , so the coalition the Americans are now trying to build will begin to take as a root assumption that , if the war against terrorism is to be serious , tolerance of terror-supporting regimes can not go on .
Only in this way can this war against the world of the Enlightenment , which is the modern world that stretches across all the oceans and , yes , embraces all its faiths , be won .
Moreover , it would continue to send the wrong message to would-be terrorists : you can get away with murder .
With the current much more open regime in Teheran , Riyadh can also be convinced that the dangers from an Iranian-controlled Shi'a entity in southern Iraq are less formidable now than they were in 1991 .
Similarly , one can not see the Kurds in the north submitting willingly to a Baghdad-dominated Arab regime , let alone a Shi'ite one -LRB- most Kurds are Sunnis -RRB- .
So what can be done ?
But the same goes for the rest of Iraq : the US is now lamely asking for a UN resolution mandating a transfer of power to a legitimate Iraqi government - but such an authorization is highly unlikely , nor is there anyone in Iraq to whom authority can conceivably be transferred .
The Greek Cypriot community can justly be proud of the way they handled the humanitarian and social problems of the refugees , without at any point surrendering their claims to the lands they lost .
Consider what the Greek Cypriot community has achieved - a thriving economy , no one living under conditions of misery and humiliation in camps , membership in the European Union - compared to the catastrophe the Palestinian choice has brought to their own people . Perhaps on the level of public relations , the Palestinian leadership - sacrificing their own people on the altar of propaganda - can bask in their achievement : yet it is their own people who suffer .
These leaders would do better to look across the Mediterranean at Cyprus and see how - without giving up claims to disputed land - refugees can live in dignity and honor .
For years , Arafat avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
They must have focused people 's minds on their own stunted political conditions . If the Palestinians , under Israeli occupation , can choose their own leaders , why ca n't the same happen in Cairo or Damascus , in Ryadh or Algiers ?
One can not be certain of such an outcome , of course , but it is now the best that one can realistically hope for .
A far more fundamental question has come into view : can a Palestinian government that draws its authority from an agreement with Israel stay in power when it is led by an organization committed to the destruction of Israel ?
But the current crisis can not be solved by words alone .
The international community can urge the Palestinians toward a decision .
Only a strong Israeli government can make the painful decisions necessary for negotiations with the Palestinians to succeed .
No one can help them if they can not come up with a coherent , consensual , and reasonably united leadership -- what Abbas himself calls `` one law , one authority , one gun . ''
Looking back at 60 years of American involvement in the region , one can discern two scenarios in which the United States can bring the local players to an agreement .
At such times , resolute American steps can stop the fighting and impose a cease-fire , if not peace .
In such cases , America can step in and , by using both carrot and stick , make both sides go the extra mile .
The same dynamic can be seen elsewhere : for all its power , the US has failed to resolve the conflicts in Cyprus , Bosnia , or Kosovo .
Recognizing the limits of US power does n't mean that America is irrelevant : it can stabilize a conflict , help bring about confidence-building measures , and negotiate interim agreements .
With Palestinians unable to agree among themselves on a minimal national consensus , how can peace be established between them and Israel ?
Both the Palestinians and Israel can easily and rightly be blamed for the failure of the Oslo process .
There is no precedent anywhere in the world that suggests that such a two-tier process can succeed .
Indeed , the conflict would become , if one can use the expression , more `` normal '' -- no longer between an occupying power and an occupied people , but between two countries , two states , that disagree about a lot of issues , including borders , mutual relations , and control over populations .
Neither violence nor terrorism nor relying on outside powers -LRB- the UN , the Arab League , the Soviet Union , the US , the European Union -RRB- succeeded in delivering statehood , which a people can achieve only by its own agency -- what Zionist ideology calls `` auto-emancipation . ''
This reality , Davutoglu maintained , means that violence and instability in Turkey 's immediate neighborhood threatens to spill into Turkey itself , and regional external conflicts can easily become internally disruptive .
Since then -LRB- Davutoglu became Foreign Minister in May 2009 -RRB- , much of what Turkey has done can be explained as being in line with this `` zero conflicts '' theory , including a slightly more nuanced policy on the Cyprus issue .
One can well understand a Turkish policy of trying to defuse tensions with Iran over that country 's nuclear program . But the joint Iranian-Brazilian-Turkish initiative goes beyond such a policy .
The same can be said about the shrill tone that Turkey , and Erdogan himself , has recently adopted vis-à-vis Israel .
Since Erdogan is a critic of Israel , Arab rulers can not say this openly . But Arab governments -- and their security services -- are beginning to ask themselves whether Turkey 's policies will undermine whatever internal stability their states possess .
On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbas 's Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip -- now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas-led government -- and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
This was the most moderate Israeli government conceivable , and the same can be said about the Fatah movement controlling the Palestinian Authority .
Even a lapsed optimist can see that this time the chances for reconciliation just might be better after all .
Where these conditions exist , a transition to democracy can succeed ; where they are missing , the chances -- as in Russia -- for a successful transition to a consolidated democracy are slim .
In Libya , if Qaddafi falls , can such a highly tribalized country possess the building blocks needed for a functioning democracy ?
Like Christian churches , Islam can also change , and Indonesia and Turkey could well be examples for such a possibility .
Erdo?an 's policy re-orientation vis-à-vis Israel can be understood as an attempt not only to overcome traditional Arab suspicion of Turkey , given its imperial past , but also to present a more moderate Islamic alternative to theocratic Iran and its unpredictable president .
After all , the peacekeeping forces in Bosnia can , should they decide to act , arrest Radovan Karadzic and General Ratko Mladic , the leaders of the Bosnian Serbs who have been indicted by the Hague Tribunal .
Afghans ' fears and concerns are focused on what legacy will be left behind , and whether the Afghan state can provide security , justice , and good governance , which it has so far been unable to deliver in the face of an insurgency whose strength is not significantly weakened .
If NATO members , Afghanistan 's government and citizens , and , by many accounts , the insurgents , can all agree that there is no military solution to ending the conflict , it is high time to consider and support a comprehensive political process .
Mobile telephones can help deliver affordable urban health care by serving as diagnostic tools for taking pictures , and by their usefulness for writing prescriptions and monitoring the condition of patients in low-income areas .
Euro-zone countries can be considered a single country when dealing with the currency denomination of trade .
Yet national and international case law recognizes that a non-discriminatory measure in theory can be discriminatory in practice .
The IMF can play an important role in this regard , owing to its truly global perspective -- one that encompasses both advanced economies and emerging and developing economies , which are increasingly integrating into the global financial system .
It can help shape a more robust global supervisory system which needs to be built in order to preserve the benefits of global financial markets .
Although he did not win all his intellectual battles , rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great , and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence .
Reformers can win elections if they are better at public communication than the populists .
To criticize anticorruption campaigns is risky , because words can be twisted to imply indifference .
But we should not be blind to what can happen when political demagogues hijack the anticorruption card .
Those who make this claim seem to have in mind a model of a single state , which possesses two relevant features : limited fiscal sovereignty for regional and local governments and a substantial common budget from which regions hit by asymmetric shocks can receive transfers .
This would require an enhanced level of European identity , something which the Union 's political elites can not generate artificially . But the crucial point is not that a large common budget in the eurozone is politically impossible to achieve , but rather that it would not address the main problem : the weakness of the mechanisms safeguarding fiscal discipline in the member states .
As the ECB 's common monetary policy can not fit the macroeconomic conditions of all the member countries , the eurozone countries need macro-prudential regulations that aim at reducing excessive credit growth .
To be sure , initiatives at the EU and\/or eurozone level can not substitute for stronger mechanisms of discipline in the member states , which are ultimately the responsibility of national politicians and publics .
But no amount of lofty rhetoric can substitute for the reforms outlined here -- or obviate the need for them .
Although researchers are committed to finding new ways to reduce and replace animal testing , current technology can not yet replace many types of animal research .
These noises can alter rodents ' behavior and even adversely affect their health .
Yet , surprisingly , many scientists are unaware that loud noises in their animal facilities can affect research outcomes and compromise their data .
However , rigorous standardization of the environment , particularly if it leads to barren surroundings , increases the risk of obtaining results that , being specific to a narrow set of conditions , can not be compared with other researchers ' results .
If animals are under stress , they can have permanently raised concentrations of stress hormones , reduced concentrations of sex hormones , and compromised immune systems .
But the conclusions drawn from such experiments are specific to the stressed animals and can not necessarily be extrapolated to healthy animals .
Studies are beginning to show that an animal 's environmental conditions can completely change the results of genetic studies .
The Fusion Myth France is now rushing to construct the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor , -LRB- ITER -RRB- , which is supposed to show that nuclear fusion can be used to power nuclear power stations .
ITER is often presented as the long-term solution to the problem of global warming , because nuclear fusion can provide an infinite and clean source of energy .
They often add that , since fusion burns hydrogen , which can be found in seawater , it is an infinite source of energy .
But its control is still a fundamental challenge for research institutes , not some minor technical difficulty that can be easily overcome .
The supporters of ITER explain that if the walls are porous , the bubbles can escape .
But nothing can be both leak-proof and porous , and ITER is not designed to study this contradiction .
But without a moral foundation , there can be no free-market economy .
How can Europeans be happy that the Iron Curtain is gone if individuals and groups across the Union barricade themselves behind private iron curtains ?
Values must be the road that leads to what can not be reached by markets and institutions alone - the accession of Europe 's citizens to the European Union .
Only by embracing their shared values can Europeans prevent their Union from becoming a spiritless machine .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
The Union has no business interfering in matters that can be dealt with successfully at the local , regional , or national level .
Citizens want powers to be clearly defined and decisions to be taken openly in a way that they can understand .
Outside Brussels , few people can explain the `` pillar '' structure and the distinction between the Union and the Community .
But , because EU decisions often have to be taken unanimously , this can be difficult .
This makes it a good deal for everyone - for people who expect more cooperation and more concrete results from the Union , but also for those concerned about excessive interference by Europe in questions that can be better dealt with by the member states themselves .
The same change in mindset can be seen in other emerging Asian economies .
We can not survive the lifestyle that we desire .
We can either shrug our shoulders , or we can use the opportunity to revive our old values , rethink how we live , and change that projection .
Whatever the rich ask of the CCP - land leases , low interest loans , violation of labor laws , environmental standards , contracts , and intellectual property - can be considered `` the demands of advanced productive forces . ''
You may doubt socialism , but you can not doubt `` advanced productive forces . ''
The CCP no longer represents workers and peasants , but it can represent the `` majority of the people , '' including `` red '' capitalists .
For one thing they can not change : Zhao Ziyang remains with us , in the Chinese people 's ongoing struggle for rights and democracy .
These issues will not be resolved overnight . But there is much that can be done relatively quickly .
LEU can not be used to make weapons .
This would give countries confidence that they can count on reliable supplies of fuel to run their nuclear power plants , and therefore do not need to develop their own uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing capability .
The money needed to launch an LEU bank is in place , thanks primarily to a non-governmental organization -- the Nuclear Threat Initiative -- and initial funding from Warren Buffett . But this can only be a first step .
Many Moldovans , indeed , already have Romanian passports so that they can travel and work in the EU .
Together with the EU , the US can help ensure a credible investigation of the post-election violence and complaints against the police .
The US can put weight behind its demands by placing conditions on its financial assistance to Moldova .
We can be sure that the soft underbellies of both economies will be kept hidden from view .
Similarly , while India 's information technology-enabled services have gained an international reputation , the total number of people employed in this sector is less than 0.5 % of India 's workforce . As such , it can not , by itself , transform the Indian economy .
Although socialist economic policies in both countries inhibited initiative and enterprise , a positive legacy of that period can not be denied .
And , thanks to the large pool of savings generated by Chinese households and state-owned companies , the Chinese economy can for the time being bear the waste and misallocation implied by such crony capitalism .
If Norway is to avoid succumbing to the Dutch disease , there can be only one solution . With the importance of the tradeables sector dwindling away , the nontradeables sector must increase its productivity and output .
There is only one main way that the necessary productivity and outcome gains can be achieved : excess demand in the public sector must be shifted elsewhere .
But brilliant ideas can not be made to order .
As so often in the rest of the world , windfall wealth such as came to Norway because of its oil and gas , can be a curse as much as it is a blessing .
Saudi Arabia , too , can be expected to do everything in its power to prevent the al-Khalifas ' fall . Bahrain is the Kingdom 's most loyal ally in the region , and the Saudis fear that sectarian unrest could spread to the country 's eastern region , where a Shia-minority nurses long-held grievances .
Unlike in Egypt , the vacuum resulting from Saleh 's departure can be quickly filled , so the country need not fall back on a military oligarchy .
If Saleh leaves peacefully and represses the urge to unleash the last remaining loyal army units against protesters and defecting soldiers , the country can avert Libya-like mayhem .
As such , once the initial euphoria dissipates , Libyans are likely to turn against the TNC if it can not deliver battlefield successes .
To maintain that support , however , opposition leaders must ensure that they can respond to their constituents ' demands .
This may be because mosques and Islamic associations find it difficult to compete with the promises of solace available through the Internet , where voices can address political issues , feed off injustices around the world , and launch calls to arms that can ultimately be murderous .
Thus , one should pay tribute to the resilience of Dutch Muslims as they resist the provocations of the right-wing politician Geert Wilders , who is bent on releasing a film that can only inflame public prejudice against Islam .
The reliability and size of the European Union 's farm output means that it can and should play the role of regulator in global markets .
But Europe can not build up its own agriculture to the detriment of the less fortunate . So the EU must harmonize its policies with poorer countries .
Since 2001 , with the `` Everything but Arms '' initiative , all products from poor countries -- with the exception of weapons and munitions -- can enter the EU single market on a duty-free basis . This has led to the EU becoming the primary market for the poorest countries ' products .
But , in a world where productivity differentials can be as great as one to 1,000 , it would be unwise to rely on markets alone to enable the poorest countries to expand their economies .
How can it be that in the twenty-first century , when we have taken men to the Moon and back , we still can not feed everyone on this planet ?
So biodiversity can act as a natural `` insurance policy '' against sudden environmental changes and a buffer against losses caused by them -LRB- as well as by pests and diseases -RRB- .
Crop diversity can also deliver important ecosystem benefits .
Varieties that are tolerant to drought and flood can not only increase productivity , but also can prevent soil erosion and desertification .
And at the start of a new five-year term at the European Commission , I will continue to do all I can to promote this important issue .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a worldwide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
Climate change also represents a case study of how we can make a virtue out of a necessity , and an opportunity out of a threat .
The development and use of green technologies can be new sources of growth .
It also shows how Europe can meet its objectives at home only with a proactive and global approach .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world .
Global pandemics can spread faster ; a lack of secure and sustainable energy could push us into a world-wide recession ; and climate change , beyond its environmental consequences , could have serious geopolitical and social repercussions .
Others too can benefit from its experience .
We can only tackle this if we work together .
Climate change also represents a case study of how we can make a virtue out of a necessity .
Development and use of green technologies can be new sources of growth .
It also shows how Europe can only meet its objectives at home by a proactive and global approach .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world . Prosperity and growth , security and stability and the long term sustainability of the EU necessarily pass through the promotion of our interests and values abroad and the engagement with external threats and global challenges .
NEW DELHI -- One positive fallout of the financial crisis of 2007-201 ? is our realization that financial products can be as complex and dangerous as drugs .
What is especially sophisticated about the new ideas cropping up in the US , Europe , India , China and elsewhere is the recognition that , as with drugs and toys , it is impossible to say in advance which financial products we should allow and which we should not , because we can not conceive of all the products that can and will come to market .
Hence , the need for a judgmental body that can look at a new product and form an opinion about its desirability .
Indeed , there is a worrying aspect to the new plans : they must tread a narrow path between reckless freedom for financial institutions , which contributed to the recent global financial crisis , and over-caution , which can suffocate innovation and create inefficiencies .
But such loans can be of great value to sophisticated firms and households that may have good reason to believe that their future earnings will be higher than their current earnings .
It is impossible to anticipate the numerous financial products that human ingenuity can create , and that can be dangerous to use but of great value to some .
You can take such a loan provided that an RFP approves such a contract .
In brief , just as we do not ban steroids because they are dangerous , but require that buyers have a valid prescription , we should institutionalize caution in how financial products can be used -- and by whom .
To be sure , no economy can realize its full potential only by having entrepreneurial firms .
State-guided economies can continue their rapid growth path , but ultimately they will need to make a transition to a suitable blend of the other two forms of `` good capitalism '' if they want to continue rapid growth .
The False Promise of Global Governance Standards Cambridge -- In the wake of last year 's global financial meltdown , there is now widespread recognition that inadequate investor protection can significantly affect how stock markets and economies develop , as well as how individual firms perform .
Similarly , arrangements that make the firm 's board of directors more responsive to the wishes of a majority of shareholders , such as making it easier for shareholders to replace directors , can serve the interests of investors in widely held firms , but are counterproductive for investors in controlled firms .
Stock market listed companies control a big share of almost every country 's resources , so the free flow of corporate money into politics can have a profound impact on politicians ' preferences and choices .
In particular , the influence of corporations on politicians and political outcomes can be expected to weaken the rules that protect shareholders and ensure that companies are well-governed .
To be sure , on many issues the interests of corporate insiders overlap with those of investors , and here insiders can be expected to lobby in directions that are consistent with the interests of shareholders .
But there are also important issues on which the interests of insiders and outside investors can sharply diverge .
Such managers can be expected to use their influence to obtain and maintain rules that weaken the rights of dispersed shareholders and make it difficult for shareholders to replace them .
But the insiders that direct corporate lobbying can be expected to seek to obtain and maintain rules that provide insufficient protection to minority shareholders from such opportunism .
It also can be expected to reduce shareholder value and retard the development of an economy 's corporate sector .
If ratings are not backed by the force of law , so the argument goes , regulators need not worry about rating quality and can leave the monitoring of raters to the market .
Given past experience , we can not rely on market reputation to ensure that such ratings will be reliable .
But , while such judicial scrutiny may be effective in eliminating some egregious cases , it can not ensure that raters do the right thing when courts are not expected to be able to tell after the fact what the right thing was .
There is thus no substitute for providing raters with incentives to provide as accurate a rating as they can .
This can be done by making raters ' profits depend not on satisfying the issuers that select them , but on performing well for investors .
Insulating executives from losses to stakeholders other than shareholders can be expected to encourage them to make investments and take on obligations that increase the likelihood and severity of losses that exceed the shareholders ' capital .
The common shareholders in financial firms do not have an incentive to induce executives to take into account the losses that risks can impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , and taxpayers .
Consequently , governance improvements that make directors more focused on shareholder interests can not be relied on to tie executive payoffs to the interests of shareholders and non-shareholders alike .
Consequently , such decisions can be made without input from ordinary shareholders or independent directors , and without detailed disclosure -- all safeguards that corporate law establishes for other managerial decisions , such as those concerning executive compensation or related-party transactions .
Clearly , however , such processes can have little effect if political spending is not transparent to public investors .
This problem can be addressed by permitting shareholders to adopt at the annual meeting binding resolutions concerning corporate political spending .
Instead , supervisors estimated only losses that banks can be expected to incur on loans -LRB- and other assets -RRB- that will come to maturity by the end of 2010 . They chose to ignore any losses that banks will suffer on loans that will mature after 2010 .
Regulators could encourage each bank to sell part of its toxic portfolio and extrapolate the portfolio 's value from the price obtained in such a sale , or they could attempt to estimate the portfolio 's value as well as they can on their own .
The kind of stress tests that the US conducted , and that other countries are being urged to emulate -- and the ability of banks to raise additional equity capital -- can not provide a basis for such a conclusion .
And as traditional regulation of business decisions is bound to be imperfect , regulating compensation structures can be a useful additional tool to control the risks posed by financial firms ' behavior .
If choices of compensation structures can be expected to affect financial firms ' stability , regulating these choices can also be useful for protecting this stability .
But pay regulation can improve matters without micro-management by setting general standards from which firms may not deviate but that still leave them with significant freedom to account for the individual circumstances of managers .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
In contrast to corporate insiders , institutional investors can not charge the costs of lobbying to the publicly traded companies whose investor protection is at stake .
However , some events -- such as a wave of corporate scandals or a stock market crash -- can interrupt the ordinary pro-insider operations of interest-group politics by leading ordinary citizens to pay attention corporate governance failures .
When citizens become so outraged that their voting decisions may be affected by politicians ' failure to improve investor protection , public demand for governance reform can overcome the power of vested interests .
Taming the Stock Option Game CAMBRIDGE -- Executive compensation is now a central concern of company boards and government regulators . There is an aspect to this debate , however , that deserves greater scrutiny : the freedom of executives to pick the moment when they can cash out on their equity-based incentives .
The world can never run out of any mineral resources .
Local climate change can , of course , exacerbate the situation , but given the scope for world trade and the existence of surpluses in many food producing areas , democratic governments can deal with the consequences .
True , international action can help to deal with the twin problems of poverty and environmental degradation .
International action can also help deal with global environmental problems .
If the situation continues until the end of the year , which can not be ruled out , many more countries could experience serious banking crises .
But no open economy can resist a complete shutdown of the lending markets .
Several governments have declared that taxpayer money can not go into operations abroad .
But at this point there are severe limits to what they can do .
The Georgia package is not a done deal , and circumstances elsewhere are different , but it shows that standard instruments can go a long way .
The case of Hungary shows that the EU can tweak an existing instrument -- balance-of-payment support -- and use it creatively .
But heroic rescue efforts will not be able to help the government forever , so it is worth asking what can provide long-term political legitimacy .
Such concrete proposals for political reform inspired by Confucian values can rarely be published in mainland China .
Recovering the Golan , gaining recognition of Syria 's special interests in Lebanon , and reconciling with America are thus vital objectives for the regime and the best way that Bashar al-Assad can boost his legitimacy at home .
But a Damascene conversion can only be the outcome of negotiations , not a prerequisite for them .
One lesson of Sadat 's initiative is that in protracted conflicts where deep emotions and historical hatreds are involved , when almost every conceivable diplomatic formula has been tried and failed , the shock of a visionary , generous , and imaginative step can open new paths .
Like America , Britain has learned the hard way the limits of what sheer military power can achieve , and also the devastating implications of its misuse for its reputation in the Muslim world and beyond .
Post-Blair Britain is becoming a country for which wars that lack international legitimacy can only presage defeat and moral decay .
Of course , international legitimacy can be a vacuous concept when not backed by the capacity to use effective force .
A transition to democracy in the old revolutionary Arab regimes will not correspond to a Western model , nor can it be imposed by American F-16 's .
However vague , the alliance of civilizations idea certainly can not do more harm than war against Islamic extremism .
America 's destruction of Iraq as a regional power handed hegemony in the Persian Gulf -- whose centrality to Western interests can not be overstated -- to Iran 's Shia Islamist regime on a silver platter .
Rather , it is the prerequisite without which superior goals -- rapprochement with the United States , legitimization of Syria 's special status in Lebanon , and avoidance of a potentially devastating war with Israel if the Golan Heights are not recovered by peaceful means -- can not be attained .
But America 's dwindling leverage can not match the influence of the region 's `` axis of evil . ''
Tactical moves , however , can always develop into strategic shifts .
Bush 's Road Map to Failure in the Middle East Six long years of failed Middle East policies have finally brought President George W. Bush to recognize that the alliance of moderates in the region that he covets can only be forged through an Arab-Israeli peace .
Indeed , only by effectively addressing the Israeli-Arab dispute can he possibly salvage America 's standing in the region .
This , and the indirect negotiations with Israel that are now underway in Turkey -- which Assad knows can not produce major results , given Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's political weakness and Bush 's lame-duck status -- have helped to open for Syria the gates of Europe , where he had also once been a pariah .
They are crucial players in Lebanon , they have a role to play in pacifying Iraq , they can influence a change of attitude of powerful and extremely destabilizing non-state actors like Hamas and Hezbollah , and their leverage on Hamas is vital for the stability of the Palestinian front .
But , as a power burdened with too many domestic ills and a chronic sense of insecurity along its vast and dangerously depopulated borders , Russia can not be interested in a Cold War II , either .
Its recent agreement with China on border demarcation notwithstanding , Russia can never be assured of China 's ultimate intentions as a colossal power hungry for raw materials for its booming economy and living space for its massive population .
Russia probably can tame the Iranian regime , but it will do so only in exchange for America 's respect for its interests in the former Soviet Republics , and possibly also a revision of post-Cold War strategic agreements .
By exposing the inadequacy of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Iran , a signatory , has signaled to Israel that the regional order can no longer be based on Israel 's nuclear monopoly as a non-NPT member .
Such a regional system can not be built in a political vacuum . A major effort to assist in the solution of the region 's major political disputes is a vital prerequisite .
And you can add to this a reorientation of America 's military effort to the war in Afghanistan .
The specter of a Middle East nuclear arms race , with Iran 's Sunni rivals in the region -- Saudi Arabia , Egypt and others -- redoubling their efforts to attain nuclear status , can not be ruled out .
He can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
Leadership and commitment are what is required , and Obama 's `` Yes , we can '' campaign has already shown that he has both .
But Hamas 's brinkmanship is a dangerous exercise , for a low-intensity conflict can easily degenerate into an all-out flare-up if its rockets cause a politically unbearable number of casualties on the Israeli side .
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
It can also teach many lessons .
It teaches us , instead , that nationalism -LRB- if respected -RRB- can become a responsible force for broader international cooperation .
The vigorous and equitable reaction of European leaders to the Gaza war , and the visit of five of them to Jerusalem to help seal the ceasefire can , now that President Obama has launched his `` aggressive '' quest for peace in the region , launch a promising era of American-European partnership in Middle East peacemaking .
At the same time , it is the only Muslim country that , while no less worried than Israel about Iran 's nuclear ambitions , can maintain excellent economic and political relations with Iran , regardless of American displeasure .
Turkey can be a model for Middle Eastern countries if , while promoting its regional strategic and economic interests , it resists the authoritarian temptation and continues to show that Islam and democracy are fully compatible .
Turkey 's powerful military establishment may want to maintain close relations with Israel , but the widely popular change in Turkey 's foreign policy priorities , and the serious identity dilemmas facing the nation , send an unequivocal message that the alliance can no longer serve as an alternative to peace with the Arab world .
From now on , it can only be complementary to such a peace .
It is perhaps especially in Obama 's domestic policy -- the shift to a more social-democratic tax system and universal health care -- that one can best see the new president 's ideological drive .
Inter-state combat may still occur where strategic front lines can be found , such as Israel 's border with Syria , India 's border with Pakistan , and the border dividing the two Koreas .
`` Victory '' can not bring peace , simply because there will always be a war after the war .
It is during the war after the war that the occupier 's inferiority is revealed , with constant reinforcements increasing the number of targets for the insurgents far more quickly than the occupier can adapt to the changing battlefield .
The Iraq war and Israel 's wars with Hamas and Hezbollah show the limits of what military power can achieve , as well as vindicate diplomacy and conflict resolution .
Only better-informed foreign policies that can address the genuine anxieties of civilizations in crisis will yield more sustainable results .
But even when US administrations have not embodied an emotional attachment to Israel , they have still backed Israel 's cause , provided that doing so can be sustained by considerations of realpolitik .
China 's drive to retain a significant say in the pricing of iron and bauxite , of which Guinea is the world 's major producer , means that it can always receive a warm welcome from officials tired of being lectured to by Westerners .
Across-the-board nuclear equality can , in the end , only boost to Iran 's nuclear claims .
Israel expects the Obama administration not only to appreciate the unique context of its ambiguous nuclear status , but also to recognize that it can not be forthcoming in assuring its neighbors or the rest of the world regarding its nuclear program unless the Middle East political environment changes in a radically positive way .
A revision of US policy towards Israel 's nuclear status can by no means be ruled out .
Only an acceptable deal on the refugees can definitely close the 1948 file -- and only then can the conflict in Palestine end .
Indeed , the rules have changed , and Israel can not say that it was not warned that this is an era in which international law and universal justice are being forcefully promoted as pillars of an improved world order .
The onslaught on Israel was indirectly encouraged by the now widespread perception that , with Obama in the White House , America 's unwavering support for the Jewish state can no longer be taken for granted .
Nor can China 's interest in the stability of both Afghanistan and Pakistan be underestimated .
It is a corridor through which it can secure its interests in Pakistan , a traditional ally , and ensure its access to vital natural resources in the region .
Moreover , China 's Muslim-majority province of Xinjiang , bordering on Afghanistan , can be dangerously affected by a Taliban takeover in Kabul or by the dismemberment of the country .
This reflects the benefits that NATO believes can be drawn from Israel 's unique military experience .
It also carries lessons about how the resilient and impersonal forces of history can constrain any leader 's drive for change .
Obama has just admitted that in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , a president can also be one .
Yet he continues to be the greatest promise for a better world that this political generation can offer .
And he still has time to vindicate Woodrow Wilson 's belief that a `` president can be just as big a man as he chooses to be . ''
No matter how unjustified Israel 's traditional military behavior seems in the eyes of its enemies and critics , it has always aspired to base its military actions on grounds that can be justified .
Israel would not like to be seen as the spoiler of a diplomatic solution to a dispute that in any case can not be resolved by military means alone .
The Iranian challenge to Israel 's strategic hegemony is presented as a Holocaust-style existential threat , and Israel 's other enemies -- Hezbollah , which believes that it can bring about `` the end of the Zionist entity , '' and Syria , which publicly boasts of its ballistic missiles ' capacity to destroy Israel 's main urban centers -- are similarly viewed as irrational actors .
The paradox is that America might be winning the war for Arab democracy , even if by default , but can not reap the benefits , simply because the emerging pattern of Islamic pluralistic politics does not coincide with the West 's brand of secular liberal democracy .
But the notion that the genii of democratization can now be squeezed back into the bottle is a self-serving fantasy .
As Algeria in the 1990 's showed , exclusion of the Islamists is a recipe for disaster , while inclusion can breed moderation .
Iran 's race to develop nuclear weapons , Netanyahu warned , can be understood only in the context of its leaders ' `` repeated vows to wipe the Jewish state off the face of the earth . '' Supposedly , now , as then , the world is criminally indifferent .
The career of his political mentor , Menachem Begin , demonstrated that distorted analogies between past and present can inspire irresponsible policies .
History in the hands of manipulative politicians and incorrigible ideologues can be either a dangerously inebriating weapon to mobilize the masses , or , as James Joyce put it in Ulysses , `` a nightmare '' from which it is difficult to wake .
Viewing the current conflict between such formidable military powers as Israel and Iran through a similar lens can only breed untold catastrophe .
A case like the island of La Española -LRB- Hispaniola -RRB- , where a simple border can reflect such vast differences , is not very common .
But , unlike the EU , the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant that can assume exclusive responsibility for extracting Haiti from its Biblical destitution .
As Islamist democracies whose governments emerge from popular elections , Iran and Turkey -- and their Hamas and Hezbollah allies -- can claim an advantage over the incumbent Arab regimes , all of which suffer from a desperately yawning legitimacy deficit .
With Israel 's return to a sober peace strategy , and with an honest dialogue between Turkey and its NATO allies , the Turkish bridge between East and West can still be salvaged .
TEL AVIV -- Twenty years after the Madrid Peace conference , and ten years after President Bill Clinton 's heroic efforts at Camp David failed to yield a settlement between Israelis and Palestinians , one can not escape the conclusion that the Israeli-Palestinian peace process has become one of the most spectacular deceptions in modern diplomatic history .
Trapped in their contradictions and zero-sum national dreams , Israelis and Palestinians can not expect a perfect solution .
The assumption -- dear to the architects of the current process -- that peace can be achieved by driving a wedge between `` moderates ' and `` extremists '' is a fatal misconception .
Abbas is too weak and compromised to accept any final settlement with which Netanyahu can live .
Arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not , and Abbas can not allow himself the luxury of deviating from it .
Israel wants an end to the conflict but is incapable of paying the price , whereas Hamas can better reconcile its ideology with a peace agreement with Israel if it is not defined as final .
Instead of insisting on what the Palestinians can not give , Israel should focus on what is essential : the international legitimacy of its borders .
Without such a deadlock , neither United Nations resolutions , nor premature peace initiatives can cut short the dynamic of war .
Black Africa , particularly the East African Community , can not think of any solution other than secession .
The Perils of Palestinian Strategy TEL AVIV -- It should be clear to all by now that talks between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu can not produce a peace agreement .
The devastating effects of the new Palestinian strategy on Israel 's international standing can not be denied .
This Gordian knot can not be untied ; it needs to be cut by robust third-party mediation .
The question for Egypt is whether the agenda of a truly pluralistic democracy -- proclaimed by the avant-garde young protesters at Tahrir Square , the admirably self-empowered Facebook and Twitter generation -- can prevail against the resilient forces of the past .
A Western-leaning army , funded and trained by the United States , it can not allow itself the liberty of shooting peaceful protesters .
A free-trade agreement with the US and improved access to EU markets might be powerful incentives that the West can offer to Egypt 's young democracy .
A democracy that excludes religion from public life entirely , à la France , can not work in Egypt .
And how can hundreds of isolated settlements spread amidst a hostile Palestinian population ever be considered a strategic asset ?
The lesson was simple : the gentiles can not be relied upon , for Jewish history is one of betrayal and extermination at their hands .
Yet the same Dayan , who in 1970 said that `` the only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war , '' was forced by cruel reality to admit that the best security to which Israel can aspire is that based on peace with its neighbors .
Indeed , at a time of painful budget cuts -- the US is facing a $ 52 trillion shortfall on public pensions and health care in the coming decades -- the US can no longer be expected to maintain its current level of global military engagement .
The report can be dismissed as just the musings of two senior members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff writing in their `` personal capacity . ''
And , with the Kurdish problem as alive as ever , the Turks also know only too well that upheavals in neighboring countries can spill over into Turkey itself .
Instead of competing for the role of regional power broker , as was the case under Mubarak , Egypt can join forces with Turkey -- whose officials the Egyptians wisely invited to the ceremony that sealed the Palestinian reconciliation -- to promote an Israeli-Arab peace and a civilized security system in the Middle East .
Speeches do not make peace , but they can mar its prospects .
Security concerns can no longer be treated as a license for territorial expansion .
Even if , as expected , the Security Council rejects the Palestinians ' request for full UN membership and Palestine ends up with observer status in the General Assembly , Abbas can already claim victory .
And would-be mediators , for their part , can no longer just be `` facilitators '' ; they need to regard themselves as stakeholders -- and be prepared to exert pressure and twist arms .
It was about standing up to the Zionist enemy , the high-tech crusader whose military superiority can be defeated only by stubborn resistance .
Hamas believes that the deal vindicated the teachings of Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nassrallah , who has defined Israel as nothing but a `` spider 's web '' that can be destroyed with the whisper of a sword .
The Arab Spring has pushed Israel into a strategic trap from which it can extricate itself only through accommodation with the Palestinians .
In the current political climate , Arab leaders , whether conservative or revolutionary , can no longer afford to be seen as complicit with Israel and the United States in the region .
By freeing Gilad Shalit , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may have finally become a leader who can take difficult decisions .
The Somalia-like chaos and civil war that is now unfolding in Gaza as a result of this decades-old stalemate can be blamed partly on ill-conceived Israeli policies , and partly on an American administration that , for six long years , relegated the cause of Israeli-Palestinian peace to the bottom of its agenda .
Now , not even Fatah , Arafat 's own party , can claim to be a coherent organization .
Hamas 's determination to assert its authority can be gauged by the desecrated corpses of Fatah fighters , many of them with bullets fired at their heads , a practice dubbed `` confirmation of death . ''
Only a dramatic move by external powers can still save Gaza from becoming a second Mogadishu and both Palestinians and Israelis from a total war that would only breed more rage and desperation .
Moreover , no matter how critical the moderate Arabs may be of the Hamas coup in Gaza , the Arab leaders can not afford the domestic fallout of shunning Hamas .
But how much leverage can he apply when they are so badly needed for his `` War on Terror '' and for containing Iran ?
By making Islamists and Islamist sentiments a part of the process of modernization , Malaysia demonstrates that Islamic faith and economic growth can be reconciled if politicians are clever enough not to treat them as contradictions .
Where necessary , they can be supported by air and maritime rapid response assets , and thus constitute a fully-fledged military resource for armed intervention .
Because people can not get justice through the courts , unrest has skyrocketed nationwide in recent years : official statistics record more than 200 protests a day , four times the number a decade ago .
On the institutional level , pluralism means that established religions can no longer take for granted that a particular population will supinely submit to its authority .
If freedom of religion is guaranteed -- the typical situation in liberal democracies -- religious institutions can not rely on the state to fill their pews .
Even if one religious tradition still claims a majority of a population as its nominal adherents , individuals can still choose to disaffiliate from the institution representing that tradition -LRB- as in the Catholic majority countries of Europe -RRB- .
A religious decision can be a matter of passionate commitment -LRB- as in Kierkegaard 's `` leap of faith '' -RRB- , or , more commonly , an emotionally low-intensity consumer option -LRB- expressed in the telling American phrase `` religious preference '' -RRB- .
Governments in Eastern Europe can not credibly match the broad deposit guarantees issued by their Western neighbors , and the generous recapitalizations have brought down Western banks ' relative funding costs , further weakening local institutions ' competitiveness .
After the devastating impact of the crisis on their economies , countries hosting Western banking subsidiaries and branches can not be expected to accept the status quo .
One year into the crisis in the transition region , we can almost rule out the latter scenario .
What conclusions can be drawn today from the Cuban Missile Crisis ?
When life and death issues are at stake , a leader can never let the media rush him into acting .
Americans may differ about what policy should have been pursued in Iraq , but they know that their country can not run from its role as a world leader responsible for developments in North Korea , the Middle East , Pakistan\/India , Taiwan , and elsewhere .
It is a jungle out there , as Americans say ; not every problem and conflict can be handled through the sort of peaceful , drawn-out negotiations that the EU prefers .
Indeed , today you can fit more books on the hard disk of your laptop computer than in a bookstore carrying 60,000 titles .
But search technologies that are based on statistical algorithms can not address the quality of information , simply because high-quality information is not always popular , and popular information is not always high-quality .
You can collect statistics until the cows come home , but you can not expect statistics to produce an effect beyond what they are good for .
If you have enough money , your Web page can be ranked higher than many others that are more credible or higher quality . Since the emergence of Google , quality information has never been so vulnerable to the power of commercialism .
When the computer encounters the phrase `` killed the bill , '' it would deduce that `` bill '' can only be a proposed law submitted to a legislature , and that `` kill '' could mean only `` stop . ''
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
Semantic technology can discern what it is .
We can not afford a future in which knowledge is at the mercy of popularity and money .
So they can not repeat the same formula in Prague and remain credible in both Russia and Eastern Europe ;
Diplomatic tricks can not finesse the issue .
They can not simply wait for America to move , nor can they always seek to placate Washington 's preferences .
Calls for pooling European efforts have been many , based on the conviction that only in this way can European governments play a more effective international role .
Once the US claims the right of redefining or dismissing international treaties as it pleases , it can scarcely blame others if they do so as well .
International agreements and international law are so essential for coexistence on this crowded globe that not even the most powerful nation can do without them .
Even powerful America can not hunt down everyone everywhere who employs violence as a political weapon .
Nor can it maintain an international coalition of states against Al Qaeda-type terror if its members are asked to subscribe to today 's wider , vaguer goal .
If you throw your blanket too wide , you can not complain about nasty bedfellows .
But precisely because it is so extraordinary it is difficult to see how implementing those threats by launching a war can make any sense at all .
Fortunately there are others , in particular Tony Blair 's Britain , which can carry the message that another great Englishman who still enjoys immense respect in America , Winston Churchill , summed up in these words : `` Jaw-jaw is better than war-war . '' Inspection is better than invasion .
Unless France , Britain and Germany agree , there is little chance the Union can act effectively on the international stage .
But because Britain remains lukewarm on European integration , the threesome can never serve as the motor for moving Europe forward .
Even in an enlarged Union , only France and Germany can do that job , provided they make a determined effort to regain the trust of the other , mostly smaller members , old and new .
The alliance can claim important achievements over the past 15 years : it helped to stabilize Europe as it enlarged to 26 members , almost double the Cold War number ; it kept the Balkan conflict under control ; it even accepted a role in extra-European security contingencies such as Afghanistan .
But both continue to doubt that past substantive divisions can really be overcome .
At home , Merkel can hope to reap the rewards .
One can only hope that this recognition will serve as her guidepost when tough decisions must be made and changes in style alone will not be enough .
But that can no longer be an argument against diplomacy now that Israeli unilateralism has once again proven to be a strategic blind alley .
Only an Israel seriously willing to seek security through agreement , not one that wants to impose her security on her neighborhood by fiat , can be partner to an international effort to bring stability to Lebanon and beyond .
But the only real test of UN credibility in this conflict is whether it can succeed in restricting Iran as much as possible to a purely civilian nuclear program .
The Six have refused because verification can not provide an absolute guarantee against the diversion of some enriched uranium to military use .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
Whether they can successfully perform this difficult act , remains to be seen .
He warned that , `` if you let inflation expectations drift too far away from the target , you can end up in quite serious difficulty with a costly process to bring them back again . ''
But there is something they can do to ensure the benefits of inflation-targeting rules -LRB- credibility and well-anchored inflation expectations -RRB- while also supporting recovery : raise the stated target .
The case for doing so can best be shown by Britain , where the situation is particularly delicate .
The thinking is clear -LRB- if rarely spelled out clearly by politicians -RRB- : whereas a loss of market confidence in the British state 's solvency would most likely trigger a depression , above-target inflation can be rectified at a relatively tolerable cost to living standards -LRB- though higher than it should have been -RRB- .
The arguments of protectionists , new and old , are just so many myths that can be successfully challenged .
But this argument is specious : one can have a vigorous transportation industry , with trucks , rail , and air cargo moving agricultural produce within and across nations , as countries such as pre-Peronist Argentina , Australia , New Zealand , and modern Chile have done very successfully .
While these episodes reflected academic obsession with manufactures and therefore died early deaths , the same can not be said for the latest revival of the `` manufactures fetish '' in the US and Great Britain .
The case for a shift to manufacturing remains unproven , because it can not be proved .
CSR can be divided into two categories : what corporations should do -LRB- say , contribute to a women 's rights NGO or build a village school -RRB- and what they should not do -LRB- say , dump mercury into rivers or bury hazardous materials in landfills -RRB- .
But that does not mean that a corporation is the right entity to engage in altruism -- though its various stakeholders obviously can spend any portion of the income they earn from the corporation and other sources in altruistic ways .
One can also argue for PSR on the grounds that asking for CSR becomes a way of `` passing the buck '' -- evading personal responsibility for doing good .
Moreover , it is hard to see how a corporation 's stakeholders can always arrive democratically at a common position on how the corporation should engage in social responsibility on their behalf . Each will consider his or her CSR view the best .
The more CSR a company can point to , the less such efforts will succeed -- or even be mounted .
Finally , CSR can be simply a matter of advertising .
First , while authoritarianism can accelerate reforms , it can also be a serious handicap .
She answered : it depends on whether Mao dies first or Zhao dies first -- her point being that in a top-heavy system , growth paths can become unpredictable , and thus subject to volatility .
Again , China 's authoritarian politics means that it can not profit from the innovations that depend on software , as that is an instrument through which dissent can flourish and become subversive of total control .
In such a world , continued hassles and hiccups for Chinese exports can be confidently expected .
After all , no economy can raise living standards forever through innovations that make production of existing goods more efficient .
Similarly , outsourcing to low-wage countries improves living standards only if the human capital released can be used to make new goods and services .
Moreover , exports to low-wage countries can not compensate for job losses .
A Chinese worker simply can not buy the same goods and services as a worker in the EU , and workers in low-wage countries spend only a small portion of their incomes on EU products .
More effective use of counter-cyclical policies may have subsequently smoothed out the economic cycle , but this can not explain why productivity and incomes also grew more rapidly than in the 19th century .
But if this capacity is impaired , neither the low road of protection nor the high road of free trade can do much good .
Prudent lenders therefore try to limit both how much a business can borrow and the other risks it can take .
Because runs on banks can trigger widespread distress , governments explicitly guarantee insured deposits and implicitly guarantee all the other debts of mega-banks .
This approach presupposes that bank assets and exposures can be accurately measured .
Bank lending and regulation , by contrast , must incorporate local knowledge , because , in a dynamic , unregimented economy , each borrower , loan , and bank is different -LRB- though some general guidelines can help -RRB- .
We can no longer afford to rely on old-fashioned examination for mega-banks loaded with mass-produced risks .
And because stockholders or raiders ca n't force streamlining , governments must require these banks to shed activities that no one can manage or regulate and stick to hands-on case-by-case lending .
Only answers to these questions can reconcile the divide between the `` new '' and `` old '' Europe , as well as the new and old Atlantic worlds .
But an EU with 10 new members simply can not be run as it has for decades .
History can not be put on hold as Europe sorts out its internal balance of power .
Polish foreign policy , like that of the EU , can only be effective in the long term if it takes realistic steps -- and spends the necessary money -- to realize these objectives .
Yet we continue to believe that social cohesion can be limited to that of the nation .
But neither can we accept a situation in which vast resources are spent on national cohesion , while European cohesion lags so woefully behind .
Fortunately , inequalities can often be reduced considerably without spending much money .
Nothing that the EU or its individual members can do would have as great an impact on reducing income inequality in Europe than eliminating national protectionist barriers to migration , movement of capital , and provision of services .
Our bodies simply can not synthesize many essential compounds , so our health partly depends on what we eat and drink .
So antioxidant substances can also harm people .
In the meantime , we know that antioxidants can cause unwanted health consequences .
This state of affairs is worrying , to say the least , given the severity of harm that a single serious accident can cause .
The good news is that if we focus on clear , practical , and achievable goals , major reductions can be made in order to ensure that , whatever the precise interim target , the world will fashion a radical new approach within a manageable timeframe .
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70 % of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas : increasing energy efficiency , reducing deforestation , and use of lower-carbon energy sources , including nuclear and renewables .
While cap-and-trade systems or other means of pricing carbon emissions can help provide incentives for businesses to invest in low-carbon solutions , in the short term at least , these seven policy measures -- and direct action and investment by governments -- are needed to achieve the targets .
Smart grid systems can enable big savings in emissions , but require a plan for putting them into effect .
MEF leaders can therefore have confidence in adopting the interim and long-term targets recommended by the scientific community : keeping warming to below two degrees Celsius ; peaking emissions within the next decade ; and at least halving global emissions by 2050 versus 1990 .
In many instances , they can reach deep into inaccessible rural areas to deliver services .
When well resourced , faith leaders can adopt holistic approaches to major killer diseases and use their networks effectively for immunization and combating pandemics .
Earthquakes , tsunamis , and hurricanes can never be stopped .
Malaria can be .
They can try to stop product market reforms altogether and , by the same token , try to stop trade liberalization and globalization .
They also can continue to play the blame game , letting the Union pursue reforms , while complaining about Brussels bureaucrats .
Finally , they can help `` Brussels '' define and design product-market reforms , and then sell those reforms , and the EU 's role in enacting them , to their voters .
Add to this the drop in output in advanced countries , and you can see how emerging countries now suffer from both higher credit costs and decreased export demand .
It is not just a question of providing them with liquidity so that they can simply maintain their exchange rates in the face of a large capital outflows .
Inflation is increasing beyond what can be explained by rising commodity and food prices , while credit growth and some asset prices are starting to look high relative to historical standards .
What level of improved productivity can America expect in future years ?
Financial capital can cross borders far more easily , and physical capital can relocate almost as quickly .
This reality has taken a while to sink in , and a number of parties on the left still can not bring themselves to acknowledge the constraints imposed by market forces .
And the means , however `` boring . '' must be appropriate to realizing this commitment : a combination of sustainable retirement systems , better designed unemployment benefit systems , negative income taxes , training programs , and the like . Only by employing the rhetoric of commitment to mobilize the troops while devoting careful attention to the center 's concern with methods can the left hope to return to power .
The Euro is the only currency against which the dollar can depreciate . -LRB- The last thing Japan needs is an appreciation of the yen . -RRB-
And , as an icon of the right , she is well aware that she can not afford to betray her status .
Alternatively , Latin American economies could try to foster policy coordination at the regional level , where economic realities tend to coincide , interdependence is more directly felt , and the cost of spillovers can be internalized more easily .
Rapidly expanding demand for skilled workers can not be satisfied as long as average schooling still totals eight years .
The Nobel laureate Robert Fogel argues that a new synergism between technological and physiological improvements has produced a radically new form of human evolution , which he calls technophysio evolution . Only this , Fogel believes , can explain recent trends in longevity , body size , the durability of vital organs , and chronic diseases .
In societies that have been preparing themselves by opening their markets and embracing universal education , the disruptions of this revolution can probably be absorbed and handled .
To defend post-utopian values in the longer-term , politicians -LRB- and generals and spymasters -RRB- can not seek security by drastically curtailing fundamental freedoms , because to do so risks forfeiting public support and a weakening of the pillars of the post-utopian market order .
The rules-based approach of the SGP is fundamentally sound , but it requires operational criteria that can be defined with some precision .
So , can the SGP be made to work in favor , rather than against , structural reforms , without abandoning the rules-based approach of the SGP ?
The key is to select some comprehensive but operationally precise indicators of structural reforms , and then apply the same idea suggested by the Commission for public debt : countries that are making more progress on these indicators can get more leeway on their budget deficit .
Countries are getting tougher because migration flows can be diverted across jurisdictions .
Realistic restrictions in Europe can be adopted only by taking into account migration spillovers across jurisdictions , which requires implementing policies that are agreed at the EU level .
It states that national governments can better `` respond to the specific needs of their labor markets . ''
The Green Paper also suggests that , when admitting migrants , member countries `` require proof that no one already part of the domestic labor market can fill the vacancy concerned . ''
Aging countries seeking to recover the ground lost in the current recession quickly can not afford to lose entire generations .
For another ten years , it seems , we can talk big and dream .
One can not rule a country with so scant a majority .
For example , three medical afflictions that create especially acute and enduring distress -- clinical depression , chronic pain , and sleep disorders -- are all conditions that can often be treated successfully , to the vast relief of sufferers .
How can you have victory here ? ''
They also know who the enemy is and can play a role in isolating militants from local people .
Once dialogue and cooperation are established with the tribesmen in the settled areas , inroads can be laid into the tribal unsettled areas .
Football matches can , it seems , revive national rivalries and conjure the ghosts of past wars .
But can one really say that football is responsible for the currently bad diplomatic relations between China and Japan ?
Football can also be the occasion of positive gestures .
Moreover , football , more than long speeches or international resolutions , can help induce progress towards peaceful solutions for military conflicts .
As the sociologist Norbert Elias put it : `` The spectators of a football match can enjoy the mythical excitement of battles taking place in the stadium , and they know that neither the players nor they will suffer any harm . ''
As in real life , fans can be torn between their hopes for victory and their fear of defeat .
As a Frenchman , I can not wait for the next World Cup match between France and Germany .
If she can strengthen her program on foreign policy , she may yet open a new chapter in French political history .
But we have a wish for the Middle East -- one that , while perhaps not bringing peace , can create one of peace 's preconditions : goodwill .
Nothing prevents us from hoping that a fair and just peace can be achieved by then .
Although football can not solve the region 's major strategic problems , it has much to contribute in this regard .
The joint organization of the 2018 World Cup in a place where two peoples were once at war would serve as a powerful symbol of the way that sports can serve the cause of peace .
One can assume that next year 's total spending on military affairs will be even bigger .
Yet , given the sheer scale of military spending today , one can wonder if it is rational .
China and Russia , which can be considered strategic rivals of the US , spend $ 35 billion and $ 24 billion , respectively -LRB- though these figures probably underestimate expenditure , the true amount is certainly still far below the US -- level -RRB- .
Likewise , only by adopting such a strategy can the US start to compress the Pentagon 's inflated budget and begin to address its many domestic woes .
So far , few French people can see the sort of rupture that Sarkozy promised .
Tradition can only be countered by creativity .
In doing so , we must be aware that the solution to genital mutilation of women can not be limited to this issue alone .
Those who want to join the Stop Female Genital Mutilation campaign carried out by AIDOS -LRB- Italian Association of Women for Development -RRB- , TAMWA -LRB- Tanzania Media Women 's Association -RRB- , and No Peace Without Justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
The answer to all these questions , of course , is : `` No , we can not . ''
It could also facilitate the process of internationalizing the burden of rebuilding Iraq , which can not be shouldered entirely by the US and its allies .
The preconditions for the enjoyment of civil and political rights can not be built overnight .
Before elections can be freely and fairly held , huge efforts must be made to establish a truly open society in which all individuals and groups can express their political opinions .
Revealingly , the Vatican , knowing that it can not win , is currently campaigning strongly for mass abstention .
We need mechanisms to address violations of moral or religious beliefs , but we can not place restrictions on individuals ' ability to contribute to the public welfare .
Illicit Afghan networks , replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world , are mobile and resourceful , and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves .
As New York University 's Barnett Rubin , an expert on Afghan society , has put it : `` Afghanistan can not be stabilized while the most dynamic sector of its economy is illegal , nor if more than half of its economy is destroyed . ''
Without perseverance , there can be no progress .
We agree that moving resources from one place to another can not be the raison d'être of a political entity .
Only specific governmental functions can .
Despite US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld 's snide reference to `` Old Europe , '' North Americans can learn much from the European Union and European Parliament .
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
Inter-American issues can no longer be left subject to the whims and convenience of individual leaders .
This raises the old question about whether a currency union can work without a fiscal union , or at least stronger and more binding fiscal rules -LRB- the Maastricht deficit commitments are too easily breached -RRB- .
The two economic powers ' similarities and differences , particularly with respect to internal labor mobility , productivity , and fiscal policies , suggest why -- and provide clues about whether the eurozone can weather the crises on its periphery and evolve into a stable single-currency area .
That can not happen with a common currency , and economic adjustment is doubly difficult when labor is not mobile enough to help mitigate regional contractions in income and unemployment .
And it can survive .
And it can turn some of its short-term problems , such as the pressures arising from ethnic and linguistic diversity -LRB- the state is now 37 % Hispanic and 13 % Asian -RRB- into long-term strengths in the global economy .
A healthy democracy can not have half the population paying taxes and the other half collecting benefits .
Pretending that banks that passed modest stress tests can be kept open indefinitely with little collateral damage is wishful -- and dangerous -- thinking .
The bottom line , though , is that better policies can at best mitigate the economic consequences of this horrible recession .
Policymakers will continue to throw whatever ammunition they can find at the problem , but it will take time for the deleveraging from the boom to run its course .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's decision to put the unions ahead of secured debt-holders in the orchestrated Chrysler bankruptcy risks rupturing the basic fabric of credit markets . But Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's much-ridiculed bank `` stress tests '' made sense -LRB- although one can argue that sufficiently dire scenarios were not included or that too much was negotiated with the banks , etc. -RRB- .
Large deficits shift the bill for today 's consumption to future generations and can crowd out private investment , thereby slowing the improvement of living standards .
And deficits can lead to inflation if central banks monetize the government debt , a serious concern in financial markets , as China has warned America .
Industrial policy is appealing to politicians who can favor key constituencies while claiming to be helping the economy as a whole .
But no policy makes sense if it can not be sustained without long-term government support .
Vast amounts of debt-financed spending will require higher future taxes , which will divert capital and labor from higher-value uses than can be sustained without permanent government lifelines .
Competition among localities -- for example , between states for businesses and workers , and between school districts for students -- can lead to more efficient and effective allocation of public resources .
The fundamental lessons of the Greek debt fiasco are not new : 1 -RRB- elected officials systematically ignore long-run costs to achieve short-run benefits ; 2 -RRB- they wait to act until they are forced ; 3 -RRB- government policies can not circumvent the laws of economics ; 4 -RRB- governments can not revoke the laws of arithmetic ; and 5 -RRB- budget policy is not merely accounting .
Future legislatures can not be completely bound by such rules unless they are embedded in constitutions .
Oregon physicians may write a prescription for a lethal substance on the explicit request of a terminally ill patient , provided they can confirm the fatal prognosis , the patient 's decision-making capacity , and have informed the patient about any feasible alternative such as hospice care or pain-control options .
What is happening at the moment could be described as a power struggle over who should be responsible for a service that more and more people wish to be available but where no amount of professional expertise can fully safeguard the right decision .
As Ukraine 's agonizing struggle for democracy continues , Europeans wonder if the politics of principle can ever eclipse the politics of power .
To countries on the receiving end , these conditions can seem like a subtle form of power politics , with Europe trying to impose its values on the world .
Countries can not expect economic and other benefits from the Union unless they meet its political standards .
Instead of playing the `` Great Power Game '' in Africa , the EU can support Africans ' own efforts and allow them to benefit from the Union 's experience .
Indeed , every member state can be expected to cling to its right to pursue an independent foreign policy for the foreseeable future .
These are daunting tasks , and China can not address them alone .
But , in a global village , misperceptions can arise all too easily -- and can do great damage .
If we tackle our common problems together , China and Europe can be instrumental in turning the twenty-first century into a century of hope .
People who live in a society they hate , amidst people they despise , can not contribute to a shared future .
It can be given shape by , for example , training imams in Europe , by encouraging mosques to promote social cohesion in their neighborhoods , and by more active participation by Muslims in the public debate .
But , while the model is fair in a number of ways , it implies that parts of the human body can give rise to financial gain .
Contract model . Tissue can be removed only with donors ' prior consent . Thus , prior to giving their consent , tissue donors can negotiate acceptable compensation .
This model seems fair enough : if people can exploit such natural endowments as their beauty or scientific genius , then why not their tissue ?
But can any such government administer the country as a whole ?
The impact of this state of affairs can hardly be overestimated .
The Chinese leadership has demonstrated many times that it can quell domestic dissent , but the unique scale of the Olympics will require round-the-clock vigilance .
Even if police are able to maintain order in Beijing , can they extend that control across the country ?
He and Premier Wen Jiabao have also championed a more `` harmonious '' society , because they understand that the growing wealth gap , social tensions , environmental and public health problems , and the Party 's tenuous relationship with China 's less advantaged people can no longer be neglected .
With so many challenges ahead , Nigeria can ill afford an ailing president .
And , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown agrees with Obama that the world 's leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can , Bank of England Governor Mervyn King has warned that Britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus .
But neither president can guarantee that recrimination and reproach will not take on a life of its own .
Greece 's troubles have encouraged some to wonder aloud if the euro zone can survive its growing internal imbalances .
Both are volatile democracies where any political question can provoke not just intense debate , but also the threat of violence .
At times like these , the two countries ' similarities and differences can point Iraq 's leaders toward a stable democratic future .
Second , Lebanon 's leaders were reminded again this week that their country can be governed only with some degree of consensus among the major factions .
This system , which codifies Lebanon 's factionalism , remains a subject of much controversy , but , by ensuring that no group can govern at the expense of others , it also reinforces baseline stability in a country built atop powerful religious and ethnic fault lines .
Without opposition support , Lebanon 's government can do little more than manage the most basic day-to-day state functions , but the country is unlikely to relapse into civil war .
Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki will have to manage relations with firebrand Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and his followers , who can provoke unrest in southern Iraq if they feel under-served .
But if Iraq 's leaders can create enough near-term stability to combine Lebanon 's openness and entrepreneurial energy with the revenue that comes from development of the country 's vast oil reserves -- an advantage that Lebanon 's leaders can only envy -- Iraq might one day offer citizens of neighboring states something they do n't have : a hopeful model for the future .
Now that it has , how far can the flames spread ?
Though satellite television , mobile phones , and online social networking can force some authoritarians to become more responsive to popular demands , governments can also use these technologies to identify and isolate threats , monitor communications among activists , and transmit messages of their own .
Or , when necessary , they can simply turn them off .
But King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa can continue to count on help from his deep-pocketed friends in Saudi Arabia , who are determined to prevent Bahrain 's unrest from spilling over into their country 's oil-rich Eastern Province , where most Saudi Shia live .
In Algeria , demonstrations have lost momentum , and President Abdelaziz Bouteflika can rely on his military to keep diehard activists in check .
On the contrary , the risks of extended political instability and further large-scale disruptions to Nigeria 's oil output will remain high , at a time when the world can least afford it .
Bush waited weeks for a positive development that would allow him to suggest he can reduce troop levels in Iraq from 133,000 to 100,000 by the end of 2006 .
There is some reason for optimism that efforts to stem the tide of violence can succeed .
A nuclear weapon is the ultimate guarantee that the United States can never do to Iran what it did to Iraq .
What , then , can the US do to undermine Iran 's position ?
But the Bush administration can seek ways to contain global energy prices -- and it should begin by refusing to be baited into escalating tensions whenever Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleases .
The US can undermine the Iranian regime by avoiding statements and actions that help drive energy prices higher and bolster Iran 's economy .
Washington can also press the Saudis , who control virtually all of the world 's spare capacity , to keep their output high to contain prices .
No one can stop Iran from threatening the Strait of Hormuz .
If they can significantly degrade the militia 's strength , or at least contain its influence within Baghdad 's Shi'a slums , the Iraqi government will have a somewhat better chance of developing a credible security force and Bush can claim some success .
Sadr can simply hold back and wait the Americans out .
The more that US forces can degrade the Mahdi Army 's position and force Sadr into face-saving political moves , the weaker the militia will be relative to other forces in Iraq after US troops head home .
When Iraq falls apart , as now appears all but inevitable , the US will need as many friends in the region as it can get , particularly as the battle with Iran for regional influence and the conflict over its nuclear program intensifies .
The Bush administration has accepted that North Korea is a nuclear power and that outsiders can do little about it , so the United States has shifted its diplomatic stance from the hard-line Japanese approach to the more flexible and stability-oriented Chinese position .
The Chinese ca n't force Kim to disarm fully , but they can persuade him to negotiate with a now more flexible US .
But the chances are slim that sanctions , whether targeted or otherwise , can undermine the consensus within Iran in favor of the nuclear program .
To preserve the appearance that their meddling is benign , senior military officers probably know that they can not afford to install another general as president .
She must build on her domestic support , but she can rely on economic and security cooperation with America to safeguard the country 's stability .
The Bush administration can therefore enthusiastically back a return to civilian rule and claim a much-needed victory for democracy in a Muslim country .
A full-scale invasion might well provoke Iraq 's own Kurdish guerrillas into a prolonged and bloody battle with Turkish forces that can only undermine support for Erdogan 's government at home and abroad .
Furthermore , the Turkish military can increase the pressure on Iraqi Kurds with far less drastic measures . It can close the two countries ' principal border crossing , an important route for food , fuel , and other goods headed for Iraqi Kurds .
I think we can now say that for C. elegans .
So , when technology permits -LRB- and I think it can and will -RRB- , why do n't we work directly on humans ?
We can prove that we understand the genetic structure of a human disease by synthesizing the same disease in a mouse .
Europe can not afford a dogfight between these two founding member states , so it 's high time to put emotions aside and review their differences on the future course of European integration .
As a former Dutch State Secretary for European Affairs and Benelux Coordinator , I believe that the Netherlands and Belgium can once again play complementary roles .
The coming period could thus be used in both countries to review traditional positions and reflect on how European policy can best serve their common needs .
After all , the three largest EU states -- Germany , Britain , and France -- can be expected to seek agreements among themselves about the Union 's future shape , so the Benelux countries ' common goal should be to influence their actions and ensure that their thinking is acceptable to the whole community .
The capos can be jailed , killed , or extradited , but their replacements are already wandering around . ''
The emergence of Latin America 's powerful drug mafias can not be traced to the radical evil of certain individuals .
Aside from adaptation , Africa can also play a role in mitigating climate change through more sustainable forest and land management .
Europe , in particular , can demonstrate its commitment to mitigating climate change and promoting economic development in Africa by filling its 1 % quota of credits from reforestation projects .
The third change would eliminate a perverse rule , by which parties to CDM contracts can liquidate forests to buy replacement credits .
Rather , the case shows that long-arm laws like Belgium 's , properly applied , can be an important tool to curtail the impunity of the perpetrators of atrocities as well as provide a forum for their victims .
Contrary to the blame games being played out in the US , Iran can not be accused of an unrestrained aggressive stance toward Iraq .
But President Bush can not promote democracy in Iraq by cynically sacrificing it in Ukraine .
These aspirations can be used to encourage Kiev to turn toward the West and democracy .
Although Yushchenko seems unable to save himself politically , Europe can help both him and Ukraine 's democracy .
Yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if , instead of undermining and obstructing Tymoshenko at every turn , he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform , the latter aimed at bringing Ukraine 's political system closer to Europe 's parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate Ukraine 's European integration .
Because reforms can become part of `` our '' heritage , traditional conservatives can adapt to change , even taking credit for negotiating the connection between past and future .
Neo-conservatism thus can not be reduced to advocacy of the free market or right-wing populism , since its ideological specificity consists in the fusion of these contradictory outlooks .
But none of these steps , taken alone or together , can bring about the ends that their often well-intentioned advocates seek .
Rapid identification using genetic `` bar codes '' can increase the rate of discovering species and determining the transmission dynamics of potential EID 's .
On the other side of the divide , Iran and its allies have put forward the banners of jihad and `` resistance . '' Their platform includes : Islamist revolution in every country ; Iran as the region 's dominant state , backed up by nuclear weapons ; no peace with Israel and no Palestinian state until there can be an Islamist one encompassing all of Israel -LRB- as well as the West Bank and Gaza Strip -RRB- ; and the expulsion of Western influence from the region .
Moreover , no deal can be made with Hamas .
Indeed , far from being an electoral revolution , only two of those elected -- Barghouti and Muhammad Shtayyeh , who has headed PECDAR , the Palestinian agency that promotes transparency and economic development -- can be considered at all critical of the Fatah establishment .
There are several individuals in the new leadership who have many Israeli contacts , and who can pick up a phone and call or be called by their Israeli counterparts .
In other words , it is a group with which Israel can work on status quo issues , though not on a comprehensive agreement .
There is a sort of beauty in this predicament : if we act wisely , we can tackle both crises at once .
We can not break that dependence overnight . Yet we recognize that continuing to pour trillions of dollars into carbon-based infrastructure and fossil-fuel subsidies is like investing in sub-prime real estate .
If we work together , guided by a sense of urgency and common destiny , these negotiations can help steer the ship of the global economy toward less turbulent , greener waters and into a safe harbor .
But it requires us to put in place a new climate change agreement now -- one that all countries can accept .
Only a multilateral settlement among all major actors can ensure a smoothly working global order -- a cause advanced in late 2008 , when the technical G-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance .
But can the G-20 deliver on its promise ?
Of course , Clinton added , these technologies are not an unmitigated blessing , and can be misused for darker purposes .
And that means that we can count on more surprises in store for states .
This positive spirit can be nurtured by Russia 's government , which usually has cordial relations with the Vatican .
Indeed , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has many projects for which he thinks the Vatican can be of help , particularly in advancing the cause of reconciliation and creating a `` partnership between civilizations . ''
In both Rome and Moscow , there is growing hope that a road to Christian unity can be built , but it is increasingly clear that the road can be completed only by passing through Berlin .
His natural allies elsewhere on the left can not provide a majority .
For once , the IMF can not be accused of inaction .
What can Lula do ?
Argentina 's collapse -LRB- its GDP will drop by around 12 % this year -RRB- is a terrible warning of what can happen if Lula takes a wrong step .
At a time when voter apathy and corruption are commonplace across Latin America , Brazilians demonstrated that politics can be relevant and exciting .
Lula is sceptical that the FTAA can serve Brazil 's interests and would prefer to boost MERCOSUL , the customs union linking Brazil with its neighbors .
But contagion from Argentina 's crisis has undermined MERCOSUL and Argentina 's commitment to the regional project can not be assured after next year 's presidential elections in that country .
These deepening crises on several fronts -- some attributed to poor governance -- raise the question once again as to whether Pakistan can sustain its democracy .
Only a politician who has the support of major constituencies can hope to restore political order and economic health , and Musharraf is presenting himself as a candidate whom the military might support .
It also realizes that Pakistan can be effectively governed only if its leaders have the support of other important constituencies . These include the large and growing middle class , which has a strong presence in Punjab 's many large cities -- where Nawaz 's Muslim League governs .
As India in the 1990 's and Brazil in the early 2000 's showed , economies in deep distress can recover quickly once the right policies are implemented .
Indeed , serious questions are now being raised as to whether the country can survive in its present form .
I repeated the conversation to Singh , who explained that in a democracy such as India , a great deal of work needs to be done with the members of the coalition and the senior bureaucracy before the prime minister can travel to Pakistan . `` Musharraf is a military leader ; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way . ''
That question can not be answered without knowing definitively where Pakistan stands in regard to Islamist terrorism .
So there is no question that the invitation to the New York Philharmonic was meant to burnish the prestige of a regime , ruled by The Dear Leader , Kim Jong-Il , whose standing is so low -- even in neighboring China -- that it needs all the burnishing it can get .
But could he possibly be right ? No one , not even Maazel , pretends that one concert by a great Western orchestra can blow a dictatorship away , but authoritarians ' wariness of the subversive power of music dates back to Plato 's Republic .
In fact , democracy demands a degree of showmanship and pizzazz ; politicians need to appeal to the mass of voters , and not just to an elite , which can afford to ignore hoi polloi .
This is dangerous , because such sentiments can end in disgust with liberal democracy itself .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see .
They can definitely do more . ''
Democratic governments are hampered by lobby groups , special interests , public opinion , party politics , and so forth , while Asian autocrats can make unpopular but necessary decisions .
One can only hope that this crack of freedom will widen in time .
These feelings can be festive , even carnival-like , as they were in Euro 2008 .
But they can contain something darker , more aggressive , too , especially when sporting combat is loaded with historical memory .
Older Germans can still remember their famous victory over a superb Hungarian team in 1954 .
George Santayana famously warned that `` those who can not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . ''
Sometimes too much attention paid to the past can lead us badly astray .
They can remain dependent on US protection and stop complaining , or they can develop the capacity to defend Europe , however they wish to define it , by themselves .
As long as this is so , the US , as primus inter pares , can still be looked up to as the defender of our freedoms .
In the end , the only thing that can truly damage European values is Europe 's response to its non-Muslim majority .
Watered down by the compromises without which liberal democracies can not thrive , socialism did a great deal of good in Western Europe .
Liberals , too , can agree that Islamist terrorism , for instance , is linked to the lack of democracy in the Middle East .
A liberal-democratic China may not come soon , but after Charter 08 no one can deny that many Chinese desperately want it .
This is because the Chinese Communist Party 's monopoly on power can be justified only by continued rapid economic growth , without which workers and farmers will lose their jobs , and the urban middle classes their chance of increasing prosperity .
But if this arrangement collapses , and increasing material prosperity can no longer be taken for granted , many things could happen -- few of them pleasant .
Let them speak , so that they can be judged , not in court , but by contrary opinions .
They have just been published in English and Chinese , but can not be legally distributed in China .
History may never repeat itself precisely , but certain patterns can be discerned .
Demonstrations alone almost never topple a regime , but they can do so in combination with other political shifts , which can happen suddenly . When East Germans protested against their Communist autocrats in 1989 , they were not assured of success either .
Some radical leftist Muslims , obsessed with their opposition to Western `` imperialism '' and Israel , saluted Mousavi 's defeat , for , as one such activist put it , `` the -LRB- anti-Zionist -RRB- resistance can not afford a pro-American velvet revolution . ''
What are opposition candidates to do when they are asked to take part in elections that they know they can not win , or that , even when they can win , will give them only minimal authority ?
Then , when real change does occur , no one can claim that the people `` are not ready for it . ''
Terror can prolong the agony , but in the end an illegitimate regime is doomed .
It is probably true that many white policemen , even if they are trained to avoid racial profiling , as Sgt. Crowley was , need to be convinced that a black man can be at home in one of the finer houses of Cambridge , or any other American city .
The refusal of many Muslims to integrate into Western societies , as well as high levels of unemployment and ready access to revolutionary propaganda , can easily explode in acts of violence .
But Israel can mean different things to different people .
So the reason to pursue the case now can have nothing to do with the rights or feelings of the victim .
Americans can be generous . And he would then be free to go wherever he likes in the remaining years of his life .
While demonstrations of collective identity have not entirely disappeared , they are largely confined to football stadiums , where celebration -LRB- and disappointment -RRB- can quickly boil over in violence and resentment .
The best we can hope for is that liberal democracies will muddle through this period of unease -- that demagogic temptations will be resisted , and violent impulses contained .
In cyberspace , anyone can have his or her say .
After endorsing a military coup to get rid of Thaksin , the yellow-shirts of Bangkok can hardly blame the red-shirts for using undemocratic tactics to force the current government to step down .
Life in peaceful times can be dull , and British glory seems a long way in the past .
The tribe can be a club , a clan , or a nation .
But the fact that sport can unleash primitive emotions is not a reason to condemn it .
Since such feelings can not simply be wished away , it is better to allow for their ritual expression , just as fears of death , violence , and decay find expression in religion or bull fighting .
This can not be what China wants .
For the first time in almost 200 years , China can really throw its weight around , and it will do what it wants , regardless of what other countries may think .
All the demonstrators can do is hold up signs , bang drums , chant slogans , and show solidarity just by turning up .
Palestinians who might wish to make similar claims on properties in West Jerusalem can not do so .
Children can no longer go to their schools .
This implies that Jews can push farther and farther into East Jerusalem , as well as build settlements on Palestinian territories around the city , which Israel now claims to be part of Jerusalem .
Sometimes , the wrong friends can be useful .
The longer Israel , cheered on by the wrong European friends , continues to humiliate the Palestinians and occupy their lands , the more likely it will be that hatred and violence will stand in the way of compromise , without which there can be no peace .
Religious organizations can mobilize people in opposition to corrupt , oppressive rulers .
They can not be , because religious authority demands obedience to divine power , which by definition is not open to rational challenge .
But this does not mean that political parties whose programs are based on religious faith can not be democratic .
These feelings can inspire religious faith , or even horrific violence perpetrated in the name of faith .
But we have seen what can happen when democratic aspirations are thwarted out of fear of religious radicalism .
Armed Anglo-American intervention , especially if it is not sanctioned by the United Nations , would do much to undermine liberals and democrats , who need all the credibility they can get .
There may be things that Western powers can do to alleviate the suffering , by offering aid to refugees , for example , or use the latest technology to keep lines of information open .
But can religion also be a force for good ?
But Buddhism has been a religion in different parts of Asia for many centuries , and , like any other belief , it can be used to justify violent acts .
And no one can deny the religious authority of Pope John Paul II as a spur to Poland 's rebellion against Communist dictatorship in the 1980 's .
Despite the horrific violence of Islamist fanatics , it should not be forgotten that the mosque can also be a legitimate basis for resistance against the mostly secular dictatorships in the Middle East today .
In a world of political oppression and moral corruption , religious values offer an alternative moral universe . This alternative is not necessarily more democratic , but it can be .
Moreover , charismatic leadership can be problematic even when it takes a benign form .
One thing to be said for monarchs is that they provide people with a sense of continuity , which can be useful in times of crisis or radical change .
If monarchs can teach their subjects to do so , then let us give at least one cheer for the remaining kings and queens .
Military action can cause more violence , and more civilian deaths .
This is especially true of intervention in civil wars , where the sides can not easily be divided into victims and aggressors , good and evil .
If a large democracy , with a majority Muslim population , can join the EU , it will be easier to accept French , British , Dutch , or German Muslims as fellow Europeans , too .
Such a process can not be forced on people .
Anything can trigger such an act : rejection by a girl , being fired from a job , failing an examination .
Indeed , Breivik 's interpretation of their words is , in an odd way , more rational than the idea that a war for our very survival can be fought with words alone .
One can not expect the law to solve all cultural conflicts .
But it can play a positive role as a tool of emancipation .
As for women in Muslim countries , there may not be much that people in the West can do to improve their lot .
True , certain pro-Israeli organizations , notably the American Israel Public Affairs Committee -LRB- AIPAC -RRB- , can generate a great deal of money to make or break political candidates , who are judged solely on their attitudes towards Israel .
Obama certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Many of us can see the appeal of the Old Testament principle of `` an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . ''
Athena , the Goddess of Wisdom and patron of Athens , decides that only a fair trial , with a jury of twelve men , can pacify the furies and restore peace .
The desire to control both past and present is , of course , a common feature of dictatorships . This can be done through false propaganda , distorting the truth , or suppressing the facts .
But when governments do so , history can easily become a weapon to be used against political opponents -- and thus be as damaging as banning historical inquiries .
Truth can be found only if people are free to pursue it .
And Chinese artists will command prices at international art auctions that others can only dream of .
By proving that authoritarianism can be successful , China is an example to autocrats everywhere , from Moscow to Dubai , from Islamabad to Khartoum .
Elites often can speak foreign languages , and big cities are traditionally more tolerant and open to mixed populations .
Still , the politics of resentment works best when it can tap into real fears .
But it has become increasingly clear that the industry can not survive in this form .
The issue of water emissions can be addressed by designs that enable long-haul aircraft to cruise below 9,000 meters .
On the other hand , emissions of carbon dioxide can be reduced simply by using biofuels , made from plants whose carbon dioxide `` price '' was paid via uptake of the very same gas from the atmosphere during their growth .
Now that the dust from that dispute has settled , and with a new Commission in place , it is time to ask what lessons can be drawn from this affair .
The rejection of my nomination was , according to many , just another political battle : you win some , you lose some , but you can not say that you have been unfairly discriminated against simply because you lost .
Today , no one can credibly say that North Korea 's dynastic regime , now led by `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il , a son of the late `` Great Leader '' Kim Il-sung , is certain to fall .
But unlimited progress can not be paid for with finite funds .
No system can give everyone everything they need .
We can live to be 85 , but we are likely to do so with chronic conditions that leave us sick and in pain .
Medical progress is like exploring outer space : no matter how far we go , we can go further .
That Europe can find the will , the means , and the confidence to play that role can not be taken for granted .
In some jurisdictions , prosecutors can bring charges against pregnant women who are HIV-positive for potentially exposing the virus to their unborn children .
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
Such laws also transform HIV victims into scapegoats for a societal problem for which the governments and broader societies are failing to undertake effective , and sometimes politically or culturally risky , steps that can defeat the disease .
Nevertheless , coups , whether violent or peaceful , are the antithesis of democratic institutions , and military rule can last a long time .
Recent history is full of examples of the negative side-effects that can arise .
The most important task is to facilitate and strengthen the creation of new assets , and there is much that developing countries can do in this regard .
They can take advantage of the current bonanza in available capital to build contestability , transparency , and institutional quality around markets in which greenfield investments can be implemented .
They can ensure that the rules they have in place are consistent and favorable to funding investment projects with long maturities .
And they can invest in their own capacity for project selection and design .
Capital buffers to absorb losses during the downturn of the cycle can be more easily built during the upswing .
We no longer have a guide , an idea of how to think about our country , how to understand it and how to imagine who we are and who we can become .
If these books can be read as developing a new idea of Argentina , it is the idea that there is little to trust , that everything is fraudulent , and that leeriness must be our worldview .
The process of developing and coming to terms with a new national idea can not begin and end with a rejection of the very concept .
It makes no sense to talk about eradicating diseases like polio if a small outbreak in a remote part of the globe can rapidly spread and imperil billions .
Moreover , it is not clear that all polio cases can be detected , because some infected people do not show symptoms .
And the challenge of ensuring adequate surveillance appears insurmountable when one considers that polio can suddenly reappear out of the blue in a so-called wild-type form .
And , in an age of mass air travel , a case in Tajikistan can be in Utah in a day .
The best that can be done is to seek to control polio , and to hope that politics , economics , and ethics allow us to get that far . Those involved in efforts aimed at complete eradication should rethink their goal , lest faith in the unattainable leads to disaster .
As the political scientist Guillermo O'Donnell observed , democracy 's flame can also be extinguished gradually when dreams of justice and social progress fail to materialize .
Indeed , it may be that the framework for a state that can preside over a true democracy has yet to be created .
No , because , simply put , political liberty can not be separated from economic liberty .
This does not require immediately creating new administrative structures , but skillful political coordination can and must be at the heart of this debate and ensuring its successful outcome .
We can not base our actions solely on commercial will , because that limits us to operating strictly at the whims of international markets .
As the political scientist Samuel Huntington has said , `` Business may bring communities closer but it can not bring them into harmony . ''
If , on the other hand , political leaders lose their fear of debating important issues , Latin America can move forward .
The government has had the National Congress surrounded by unionists so that only its ardent supporters can enter for the Senate 's sessions .
The notion of specific `` Chavist '' growth can also be challenged .
The years of the biggest transformation demands in Latin America or those of its docility to economic orthodoxy will not come back because we can remember them .
To believe that one can accurately foresee what will become of Chavez and Venezuela brings to mind another warning by Fiedler : `` He who lives by the crystal ball must sooner or later learn to chew glass . ''
Some evidence can be found in those features of the American economy that we believe others should emulate .
Today , however , the reigning Republican orthodoxy is a kind of smug pseudo-Friedmanism that believes that markets left to themselves can do no wrong .
There is little doubt that accommodation with Palestinians can bring full Arab recognition of Israel and its right to live in peace .
The killing of innocent people by suicide bombs or other acts of violence can not be condoned ; and
In societies where girls are normally married off young , there can seem little point to investing in their education .
But we can not allow the distortion of faith or long-standing custom to be used as an excuse to ignore the rights of girls and women , and to hold their communities in poverty .
What we have learned over the years is that social change of this kind can not be imposed from above .
Most of all , it is time to recognize that we can not improve the lives of the poorest and most marginalized women and girls until the impact of child marriage is addressed directly and openly -- and unless we make a commitment to ending it .
Because modernization , in the sense of catching up with European levels of political , economic , social , and cultural development , is one reason Poland sought integration with the EU , one can anticipate that the general historical pattern of modernization will lead to secularization across Central Europe , including Poland .
More fundamentally , Chávez represents ideas that have long stifled Latin America 's political and economic growth . This includes the notion that social justice can be achieved only by abandoning the path of reform and rejecting `` bourgeois '' democratic forms in favor of `` real '' democracy , born of revolutionary purity and the leader 's millenarian dreams .
In fact , one can find similar achievements in Chile and Brazil , which have not given up on democratic checks and balances , political pluralism , or freedom of the press , and have not enjoyed the luxury of $ 300 billion in oil revenue in the space of one decade .
It is obvious that Yankee imperialism can not be blamed for Venezuela 's emaciated tax system , dismally bad schools , rampant corruption , high crime rate , and feeble political institutions .
If the tenth anniversary of Chávez 's tenure can serve as a reminder of the perils that beset unjust democracies -- especially now that a new electoral cycle in Latin America looms -- then Venezuela 's agonizing recent history would , at least , be redeemed .
If the vicious tone of his opponent 's campaign offers any indication , Funes can not count on the good will of those who have yet to learn how to behave like a loyal opposition .
He needs all the help he can get .
If , amidst the indifference of the world , Funes chose to play fast and loose with it , Livingstone would be proven wrong : voting can change much , and sometimes for the worse .
But , as any member of a historically persecuted community -- from gays to Jews to Roma -- can attest , social intolerance may curtail civil rights as much as any law .
If Muslims are not to be allowed to build anything Islamic anywhere near Ground Zero , let those who feel insulted strive to change the law through an open democratic process in which the reasons for a legal ban can be argued openly and without fig leafs .
We can only hope that the American public will reject not just the insistent calls to derail the construction of the Park 51 project , but also the contested assumptions that underpin opposition to it .
I recently co-authored a study -LRB- with Tim Dyson , Leela Visaria and others -RRB- that concludes , with modest optimism , that while India can manage its population growth , it also faces a number of major difficulties .
Unless recent trends can be reversed , the growing economic and demographic gulf between India 's North and East and its South and West will pose a serious political threat .
Our study concludes that India can have faster economic and industrial growth , higher rates of energy consumption , and a cleaner environment .
Each concludes that India can have a satisfactory water future .
As with the other challenges posed by population growth , the issue is not whether the future can be managed , but whether it will be .
But , while this is a compelling argument , those who know modern prisons recognize that many inmates are not susceptible to improvement -- a fact that can not be attributed only to conditions of detention .
But this argument is undermined by the fact that the state can resort to lethal force to prevent serious crimes , or to fight a war or rebellion .
If a convict turns out to be innocent , his execution can not be undone .
But , whether or not you oppose the death penalty , two lessons can be drawn from the debate .
How can we ignore that a high number of inmates commit suicide -- self-inflicted capital punishment -- to escape the inhumanity of their imprisonment ?
How can we ignore that many states today kill not only through legal punishment , but also by murdering and massacring in international or civil wars , or by allowing starvation ?
In short , opposition to the death penalty can not be an end in itself , for it is only one element of a more general fight for human dignity .
Having instead made the request for a warrant public , al-Bashir -- assuming the judges uphold the request -- can simply refrain from traveling abroad and thus avoid arrest .
However , according to the international case law , one can prove by inference a defendant 's state of mind only if the inference is the only reasonable one that can be drawn based on the evidence .
Only politics and diplomacy can offer a lasting solution .
Many of these pernicious side effects can already be perceived .
This can be measured in public opinion polls , in newspaper editorials , congressional resolutions , summit declarations , and street demonstrations .
Calderón can not hand education over to the Church , privatize Pemex -LRB- the state owned oil company -RRB- or abolish social anti-poverty programs , as his adversaries falsely claimed he would do .
With these reforms , Mexico can finally begin to harvest the fruits of ten years of stability and continuity -- not a mean feat for a country which had previously had major crises in every decade since the 1960s .
Without these twin transformations of its right and left , Mexico can only keep running in place , while so many others speed forward .
But no significant improvement on these fronts can occur without thoroughly refashioning the country 's decision-making process .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
That is what Calderón can and must do in order to render moot today 's debates about the fairness of the election that brought him to power .
In Uruguay , President Tabaré Vázquez went out on a limb simply by hosting Bush , given that his problems with his Chávez-friendly neighbor in Argentina , Nestor Kirchner , can only worsen as a result of these `` dangerous '' acquaintances .
Whether Bush can deliver the goods is obviously open to question , but since Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid traveled to Mexico City two days later to make the same commitment , it seems that Mexico 's six years of vain efforts might finally prove fruitful .
Conversely , if Bush can not come up with enough Republican moderates in the US Senate -- they are actually already there , probably &#45; &#45; and in the US House of Representatives , the letdown and resentment in Mexico -LRB- as well as everywhere in Central America , the Caribbean , Peru , Ecuador and Colombia -RRB- will be immense .
Of course , my book can not be the Mexican stance .
Having made significant inroads among Hispanic voters in 2000 and 2004 , thanks to Bush 's support for immigration reform , Republicans now can barely count on 20 % of that total -- mainly among Cuban-Americans -- thanks to their strident anti-immigration stance .
Thus , if the Democrats demonstrate a minimum of compassion , sensitivity , and realism , they can count on a 7 % advantage in the popular vote .
Since the Democrats ' victory will most likely depend on these states , the Democratic candidate who can square this circle , or the Republican who can break it , may well win the presidency .
Indeed , free and fair elections and full respect for human rights can come at the end of the road -- if that end is clearly established .
America can not stem this tide by closing its borders ; but it can regulate the tide by legalizing and humanizing it , and by helping to create conditions in Latin America where life-threatening emigration is not the only way out .
The US can not continue with the failed policies of the past half-century .
Yet the US can not set aside the question of democracy and human rights in Cuba while it awaits the departure of Fidel 's brother , Raúl .
The retrograde left today can realize Che Guevara 's old dream : not `` one , two , many Vietnams , '' but `` one , two , many Venezuelas , '' winning power by the ballot and then conserving and concentrating it through constitutional changes and the creation of armed militias and monolithic parties .
It can finance all of this with the support of Venezuela 's state oil company , implementing social policies that are misguided over the long term but seductive in the short run , especially when carried out by Cuban doctors , teachers , and instructors .
Moving quickly is probably the only way the next president can succeed on this front as well .
These revised agreements should include bold , enlightened provisions for infrastructure and `` social-cohesion '' funds , since these can make the difference between muddling through and true success .
Improving Mexican and Central American infrastructure , education , and rule of law , or improving Colombian and Peruvian drug-enforcement efforts and respect for labor laws and human rights , are all in America 's interest , and-free trade agreements can help rather than harm such efforts .
If the US and Latin America can face up to the challenges of trade and immigration together , the next US president may leave a weightier mark on the hemispheric relationship than any American leader in three generations .
The rise of these types of prosecutions has in turn motivated countries , including Argentina and Chile , to repeal their amnesty laws so that suspected war criminals can be prosecuted at home .
It would show that indicted warlords and dictators can avoid justice by holding the Security Council hostage to threats of more violence .
Had it not been for the world economic crisis , or if it ends up being short and shallow , many observers , including me , remain convinced that Mexico can continue to muddle through , as it has done since 1996 .
The Socialist Party in Chile , the Workers Party in Brazil , the Broad Front in Uruguay , even Chávez in Venezuela and the PRD and FSLN in Mexico and Nicaragua , respectively , have shown that , after years of waiting , the left can win elections in Latin America .
The second consideration is that this behavior will continue . The reason seems clear enough : Cuba needs international aid desperately , and there are not too many places where it can find it .
And Chávez , despite the recent increase in oil prices , can no longer afford to subsidize Cuba as he did during the boom years .
But his party is as close to Cuba and Venezuela as one can get .
It was a war that Calderón should not have declared , that can not be won , and that is doing enormous damage to Mexico .
The third condition was an exit strategy at the outset , which Calderón lacks , because he can neither withdraw in defeat in his own country , nor withdraw and declare victory .
This may not be ideal , but it is better than prolonging a fight that can not be won .
It should , because Insulza is probably the only figure who can both learn from and correct the OAS 's mistakes of the past five years , and thus save it from oblivion .
The OAS can involve itself in domestic electoral , political , or human rights issues only if a majority of its members mandates it to do so , and countries like Mexico and Brazil are fearful of picking fights with Venezuela .
But , just as Chávez is worried about rumblings and dissidents in Cuba , the island 's leaders are concerned about the news from Caracas ; they know they can not survive without Chávez 's oil and subsidies .
The `` Americas-2 '' radical left is receding moderately , yet it can still maintain its positions and defeat any attempts to roll back its influence .
No one questions the generosity of this mutation , but it is far from clear that the nearly 15 million families receiving Bolsa Familia will maintain their current income level when the stipend disappears , or that it can be sustained indefinitely .
But there are doubts as to what it can achieve in the long run to eradicate poverty .
The logical conclusion of all this is evident : since Mexican President Felipe Calderón himself can not be both president and drug czar , and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in Mexico , the void will be filled by someone else .
Increasingly , it is being filled by the US Embassy in Mexico City , staffed by first-rate diplomats who may be biting off more than they can chew .
The right has started to regroup , and Obama will surely point to this virtuous cycle as one in which the US has played a positive role , and can continue to do so .
South American governments can afford to disagree with the US , and often do .
One can admire Vargas Llosa for his courage in taking the plunge , without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take .
High oil prices allow Venezuela to go on this military spending spree , and there seems little that anybody can do about it .
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
Stopping Latin America 's budding arms race is about as good an idea as there can be .
One hopes that Lula can survive without having to rely on such cynicism .
After I 've given a lecture or a course on homosexuality , explaining at length why it can no longer be considered an illness , the questions are always the same : `` What are the symptoms ? ''
`` How can one prevent it in one 's children ? ''
But we have long known that coronaviruses can cause dreadful diseases in domestic animals .
Veterinarians and farmers have long known of a coronavirus that can kill 90 % or more of young pigs .
Less well known is the fact that cats and dogs are infected by a coronavirus that can also cause disease in pigs .
The cat coronavirus can cause lethal abdominal disease in cats , while some strains of the chicken coronavirus cause kidney disease rather than just bronchitis .
The outcome can be the same if we trap , enclose , and trade wild animals , such as civet cats , which seems to be the scenario that led to SARS in humans .
On occasion , however , the virus mutates to a lethal form that can kill almost 100 % of its victims .
But it can provide a political framework and institution-building support to improve the deficiencies that made these countries so vulnerable to the crisis : imperfect market economies , weak state institutions , and continued corruption .
In most of these countries , democratic development has not yet reached a point where a change in government is a routine part of political life and can take place without risking the country 's stability .
A sustainable globalization process is not only a paramount interest for Europe itself , but also the only way that we can continue to lift billions of people out of poverty and create better foundations for the rule of the law and global governance in countries still lacking in these respects .
This `` dealers ' peace '' can be explained by the Mexican government 's policy of tolerance , which sought a degree of equilibrium between the drug cartels and the state in terms of trafficking routes and the territories that the cartels infiltrated .
But corruption remains a profound and persistent threat to this effort , and if the government can not reduce it significantly -- especially among its anti-drug forces -- a return to tolerance is inevitable .
And improved therapies mean that patients can be treated with drugs that work better -LRB- and that patients are more likely to receive the full dose needed -RRB- .
Are there features of the primary cancer , or of individual patients , that can help us predict who will develop late recurrences and metastatic disease ?
What if late recurrences simply can not be predicted at diagnosis ?
Between them , the two caudillos control 90 % of the parliament , the Supreme Court , and the Electoral Commission . Together , they can keep Nicaragua 's current president , Enrique Bolaños , in check indefinitely .
It can not explain why pain involves emotion and cognition .
Individual memory , beliefs , cultural background , and personal meaning all shape pain , so that an injury that is horrible to one person can be a minor discomfort to another .
Why seemingly healthy body areas can hurt persistently , and thereby disable a person , still eludes explanation .
Some researchers are finding that long-lasting injury signals in neural pathways can change the way those pathways function , and over long periods of time , relentless signals of injury can even alter neural structures themselves .
Quality education is the single greatest asset that a nation can give to its people .
It also happens to be the least expensive and most cost-effective support that government can provide .
After all , with the rate of functional literacy at only 37.5 % , they can easily manipulate the votes of uneducated people with alcohol , pop slogans , and intimidation .
One element in such a policy of reassurance , repeatedly said by Obama and most recently in a television interview , is to `` try to resolve the Kashmir crisis so that they -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- can stay focused not on India , but on the situation with those militants . ''
Indeed , the protagonists of caste politics and caste-based public policy simply can not validate their assertions , offering only small-sample surveys that can be grossly misleading in the context of a huge country characterized by monumental diversity .
Castro can deny their simple truths like a Cuban King Lear , but Rivero and others persist .
`` Now , like T.S. Eliot , I can say , ` April is the cruelest month . '
They want to breathe , but life with a patriarchal tyrant can be suffocating .
But the anti-immigrant vitriol of the 1990 's , which pushed California 's legislature to impose the ban , remains strong , and not even the immigrant Terminator can muster the courage to fight it .
Latin America : Forgotten in the US Vote Berkeley &#45; &#45; As voters in the United States handicap the presidential race , Latin Americans can watch and imagine what a President Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama or John McCain might do for their countries .
After all , genuine leadership can not come from raw power , but only from other states ' consent or tacit acceptance .
It demands the power of ideas that can galvanize others .
The third and fourth scenarios can unfold even if the US remains the principal security anchor for Asia .
Yet today 's heady talk of freedom can not obscure the reality that the people 's `` revolution '' has so far led only to a direct military takeover , with the decades-old emergency law still in force and the country 's political direction uncertain .
The intervention has seemingly been driven by a geopolitical imperative to bottle up or eliminate Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi so that his regime can not exploit the political vacuum in neighboring Egypt and Tunisia .
This , in turn , underlines another fundamental reality -- that the fight against international terrorism can not be won without demilitarizing and de-radicalizing Pakistan , including by rebalancing civil-military relations there and reining in the country 's rogue Inter-Services Intelligence agency .
Without reform of the Pakistani army and ISI , there can be no end to transnational terrorism -- and no genuine nation-building in Pakistan .
How can Pakistan be a `` normal '' state if its army and intelligence agency remain outside civilian oversight and decisive power remains with military generals ?
With bin Laden dead , the only way that Al Qaeda can reconstitute itself is if the Pakistani military succeeds in reinstalling a proxy regime in Afghanistan .
Without a large ground force in Afghanistan or even major ground operations , the US can hold Al Qaeda 's remnants at bay in their havens in the mountainous tribal regions of Pakistan through covert operations , Predator drones , and cruise-missile attacks .
Had Obama 's goal been to rout the Taliban , a further military surge may have made sense , because a resurgent Taliban can be defeated only through major ground operations , not by airstrikes and covert action alone .
Aside from the retreat of democracy in Russia , China -- now the world 's oldest autocracy -- is demonstrating that when authoritarianism is entrenched , a marketplace of goods and services can stymie the marketplace of political ideas .
But , just when America 's Sino-centric Asia policy became noticeable , Japan put the US on notice that it can not indefinitely remain a faithful servant of American policies . Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's government is seeking to realign foreign policy and rework a 2006 deal for the basing of US military personnel on Okinawa .
Today , they need to find ways to reconcile their interests in Asia so that they can coexist peacefully and prosper .
But there can be no denying that these three leading Asian powers and the US have different playbooks : America wants a uni-polar world but a multi-polar Asia ; China seeks a multi-polar world but a uni-polar Asia ; and Japan and India desire a multi-polar Asia and a multi-polar world .
How elusive the peace dividend remains can be seen from the government 's decision to press ahead with the expansion of an already-large military .
Individuals can still be held in unacknowledged detention for up to 18 months .
At a time when cyber attacks are increasing worldwide , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right to declare that an attack on one nation 's computer networks `` can be an attack on all . ''
And , like ocean piracy and airplane hijacking , cyber-crime can not be allowed to go unpunished if we are to safeguard our common assets and collective interests .
If anything , China has proven that a country can blend control , coercion , and patronage to stymie the Internet 's politically liberalizing elements .
Canadian researchers have discovered a vast Chinese surveillance system called `` GhostNet , '' which can compromise computers in organizations abroad through booby-trapped e-mail messages that automatically scan and transfer documents to a digital storage facility in China . This is what happened when computers of the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India , were attacked last year .
The targets also can face Trojan-horse attacks by e-mail intended to breach their computers and allow the infiltrators to corrupt or transfer files remotely .
Through the use of so-called `` false-flag espionage '' and other methods , attacks can be routed through the computers of a third country .
Today , the US can not adopt the same approach with China , largely because China is also a military and political power , and the US depends on Chinese support on a host of international issues -- from North Korea and Burma to Iran and Pakistan .
Chinese companies can not get thousands of prisoners released on their own , let alone secure passports and exit permits for them .
Should , or can , China achieve long-term growth only by adding physical structures ?
Indeed , while China 's new stimulus plan overwhelmingly emphasizes infrastructure , it gives short shrift to social programs , such as health care and education , even though they can reduce household saving pressure and increase private consumption .
When most households own no productive assets , they can not share any of the asset appreciation or property income .
But wages have grown at a far slower pace than GDP . No wonder domestic consumption can not grow in a manner commensurate with GDP .
This can be done by putting these assets into national wealth funds and distributing the funds ' shares to citizens at no cost .
Without such structural reforms or returning fiscal surpluses to families through tax cuts and rebates , government investment-based stimulus efforts can provide , at best , a short-term economic boost .
They can not transform China 's export - and investment-oriented political-economic system .
Second , the identities and activities of a service 's operational staff should be withheld , so that they can do their jobs and to ensure their safety .
Avoiding embarrassment may at times be in the national interest , but it can also protect the careers of politicians and bureaucrats .
Facing re-election and preoccupied with Iraq , President Bush can not afford a crisis in the Far East .
Taiwan has also allowed mini-links to be opened so that the residents of Kinmen -LRB- an offshore island -RRB- and Xiamen -LRB- a port city of China -RRB- can enjoy unrestrained travel across the Strait .
So in terms of cross-Straits stability , China can be said to be every bit as provocative as Taiwan , and matters may yet spin out of control if leaders on both sides continue their recklessness .
Intimidation and suppression can only breed hostility among ordinary Taiwanese .
But this can happen only if nature 's cornucopia is conserved , so that current and future generations of researchers can make new discoveries that benefit patients everywhere .
While hibernating bears can also survive for seven months or more without excreting their urinary wastes , humans would die from the buildup of these toxic substances after only a few days .
The wood frog can survive long periods of freezing temperatures without suffering cell damage .
In other words , renewable energy ca n't be relied upon to provide power 24 hours a day , seven days a week : wind does n't always spin the turbines on the hill , the sun can not shine on solar power stations at night , and even hydroelectricity can run short if the rains do n't come .
It limits how much of these types of renewable power can usefully be fed into the world 's electricity grids .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
But it is the economics of HDR geothermal that will eventually determine its long-term role , because deep boreholes are expensive to drill , and their costs must be met before power stations can begin to generate electricity .
These first power stations will develop the operational and financial performance histories that will be necessary before HDR geothermal energy can begin making an impact on world energy supplies .
The cries of working children can be heard the world over .
As an official of Kenya 's Child Welfare Society concedes , `` There is little we can do to help when a child is ill-treated unless the case becomes known to us or to the police . ''
There is little that officials can do to monitor or modify the children 's workloads on large farms or small family enterprises .
Musharraf 's vulnerable domestic position makes him probably the last man who can resolve with India the core issue of Kashmir .
Finger pointing replaces responsibility , fueling popular demand for a strongman -LRB- or woman -RRB- who can override political divisions .
Abraham Lincoln was right : a house divided against itself can not stand .
How can we transform the economic cultures of poor societies to be more like rich ones ?
But remove those senses from the equation , and electronic devices can become our eyes , ears and even arms and legs , taking in the world around us and interacting with it through software and hardware .
And patients with end-stage Parkinson 's disease can be treated with deep brain stimulation -LRB- DBS -RRB- .
And the question will certainly loom that if functions can be restored for those in need , is it right to use these technologies to enhance the abilities of healthy individuals ?
For Europe , this means that money that would otherwise go to peacekeeping and humanitarian assistance can largely be saved and used in part for development .
Such leadership can stymie politically motivated challenges to the referendum 's result and preempt a period of uncertainty that increases tensions on the ground .
Clearly , the question is not whether universal education is affordable , but whether America and the world can afford to neglect the political , economic , social , and health benefits of educating the roughly 380 million children around the globe who currently do not attend school .
Based on a five-year project that we led at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , we believe that the UPE goal is not ambitious enough : the world should aim for , and can achieve , high-quality , universal secondary education , as well as universal primary education .
This form of political racketeering may win elections , but it sabotages any opportunity to experience , or to perceive , politics as a process that can contribute to global development .
But who can reasonably claim to know what shape the EU will need to take to meet the challenges of the next 50 or 100 years ?
Only by enlarging the scope of EU decision-making , backed by the commitment of equally responsible partners , can Europe meet the shared challenges of a common future .
Like the Palestinians , however , the MILF is riven by factions , and its leaders can not , or will not , exclude terrorists from areas that they control .
Such a vacuum can be created only by government leaders who are too cowardly to devise and enforce their own defense policy .
Those who can or must support themselves outside marriage tend to favor expanding economic opportunities for women and to oppose laws and values that give familial authority to husbands and fathers .
Women who plan to postpone marriage while building their careers are far more likely to want to ensure that they can avoid or end an unintended pregnancy .
You can not do business with the Great Satan .
In such a world , interests must come first , because we can not negotiate about values .
Genocide can not be defended on the grounds of pluralism .
Abolition of the slave trade , or the triumph of socialism , or the spread of human rights and democracy can all be deemed a national interest .
In practice , order must be established before it can be limited by the rule of law and international human rights norms .
Even so , the country must now , year after year , increase its military expenses so that it can begin to approximate NATO standards .
Unlike joining the EU , which can provide important development funds , joining NATO means only sacrifice .
No matter how inconsistent such attitudes appear to be , they remain widespread and can not be overlooked , because they suggest that people here conceive of NATO as a protective umbrella , not something to which they must contribute .
Directly , it can do nothing ; indirectly , it can do a lot .
No Romanian government can neglect these standards .
Moreover , joining NATO means subsuming Romania 's military and intelligence services under NATO command -LRB- i.e. American -RRB- control , thus any attempt at staging a coup , or stirring up trouble between Romanians and our sizeable Hungarian minority , can be prevented .
Of course , NATO can not safeguard democracy alone and it is no panacea for our many social and political illnesses ; yet it can act -LRB- and has already done so during the process of admission -RRB- as an incentive for governments and parties to behave responsibly and to abide by the rule of law .
`` We must see to it that the pig -- this animal that we , the Romanian nation , can not afford to live without -- is not wiped out . ''
It is an almost pagan sacrifice : in the farm 's backyard the animal is held down by a pair of strong men , the pig squealing as much as it can .
Indeed , most people can not afford proper medication , and hospitals suffer from gross under-funding .
Our ugly pre-Christmas ritual butchery can be christened a `` traditional , folk custom , '' a sacred rite deeply embedded in the fabric of Romanian nationhood .
Because national , religious , and folk traditions are supposed to be protected across the Union , our unsavory habit of slaughtering squealing pigs can be preserved even as Romania enters the EU .
Of course , you can not `` adopt '' abandoned factories or the unemployed masses in the way that dogs can be adopted .
The Poverty of Stimulus PASADENA , CALIFORNIA -- Most economists think that macroeconomic disruptions , such as the current recession , can be understood in terms of aggregate indicators such as total employment , the price level , and the money supply .
Construction workers can not become software developers overnight .
Automobile companies can not adjust immediately to a change in consumer preferences regarding what type of cars they want to purchase , or how frequently . Would-be financiers can not adjust to these plans overnight .
An obvious question is whether the government can do anything to speed the restructuring process or reduce its cost .
The key is to accept bad news : losses must be recognized before efficient realignment can occur .
Following that , the restructured bank can be recapitalized by raising new debt and equity .
What can be done ?
Forced eradication risks pushing farmers into the hands of extremists , and thus will not lead to the sustainable reduction of opium fields . Indeed , as we have seen in some Andean countries , it can be counter-productive .
They can earn more hanging around with a gun in their hands than by working in construction or trade .
Indeed , high-tech companies like Microsoft and Intel are particularly unsuitable targets for antitrust policing , because regulators can not possibly move at the speed of ` Internet time . '
The Commission is thus establishing itself as a friendly venue for businesses that can not overcome competitors in the market , and seek a second chance in court .
The idea that it is rational for a company to incur enormous losses by selling below cost in order to achieve or maintain a monopoly position has been roundly criticized by economists who argue that situations in which such losses can be recouped by subsequent monopoly profits are extremely rare .
With no media fanfare and limited arrest and investigative powers , and despite the foreign-policy and military `` realists '' who dismiss international justice as a pipedream , these judicial institutions have brought justice to Srebrenica 's dead and their survivors , and have demonstrated that justice can be delivered to victims in other conflict areas .
But Serbia 's authorities , facing economic turmoil , can not harbor him much longer if the United States and the European Union exert adequate pressure .
Thanks to the ICTY , anyone can read the transcripts of intercepted calls to deliver more `` packages '' to the killing fields .
New rules and procedures , as well as better training , can minimize such failings .
They can not function beyond a certain level of mutual distrust or a sense on the part of some members that other members have abandoned them .
If we succeed , we can create a sense that we belong together , even though our reasons for believing so may be different .
A society 's sense of solidarity can be sustained only if all of its different spiritual groups recreate their sense of dedication to it : if Christians see it as central to their Christianity , if Muslims see it as central to their Islam , and if the various kinds of lay philosophies see it as central to their philosophies .
They can not afford to switch off any of these engines and hope to maintain a political community .
Well , we can no longer have a civil religion -- not one based on God , nor on laïcité and the rights of man , nor , indeed , on any particular view .
This can succeed only if we engage in vigorous exchange with each other in order to create a kind of mutual respect for these different views .
The nature of these two countries ' bilateral engagement will dictate how the low-carbon economic `` pie '' will get carved up , and thus how fast the global economy as a whole can be transformed .
If a relatively well-off and religious country known as the `` land of smiles '' can so rapidly degenerate into bloody class warfare , what would happen if the Chinese Communist Party lost its monopoly on power ?
Democracies can do a good job of representing the interests of voters , but nobody represents the interests of non-voters -- including future generations and foreigners -LRB- consider global warming -RRB- -- who are affected by government policies .
So desperate is Ethiopia that celebrity causes -- from Bob Geldoff 's Live Aid famine-relief concerts to Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 's adoption of orphaned babies -- supplement what donors can not possibly provide .
Some newspapers have stoked the country 's ethnic and regional animosities , and can be wildly inaccurate in their reporting .
Whatever happens at the end of the day , the debate about a possible war with Iraq has brought to the surface fundamental issues on which no agreement exists , even among friends , but which will not go away and can not be ignored .
The first is that democracies can not go to war without at least the tacit consent of their peoples .
There is also the question of whether anything in the texture of Iraqi society can serve as a foundation on which to establish the constitution of liberty in the Tigris\/Euphrates valley .
Asserting Western values in a unified way and then assigning jobs to those who can do them best seems a more effective and dignified approach than the present spectacle of Americans moving forward almost blindly while Europeans try to look away .
There is a point in all these cases that can not be overlooked . Each political leader espoused ideas , policies , or principles that were far ahead of their peoples .
Perhaps they risk more than can be justified .
Is there anything we can learn from the last examples of this kind , from the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe in 1989 , or the end of the Third Reich in Germany in 1945 and the process of `` de-Nazification '' that followed ?
For the less mobile it can be replaced by electronic expressions of views , from Internet chat-rooms to e-mails to political leaders .
But the other signs of disconnection also create a highly unstable condition in which one can never tell how representative the prevailing views are .
But lasting connections between leaders and governed can not be created by reducing public debate to simple referendum alternatives .
But it does not look as if it can get very far .
A leader can tell the truth , nothing but the truth , but less than the whole truth and yet still be trusted .
Judges are experts in complexity which can not be said of parliamentarians nor even of the executive .
Political decisions can -- or at any rate , should -- never claim to represent the truth .
Perhaps the German Chancellor hopes that in the shadows of such an all-party Convention he can quietly slip through `` reforms '' that are , for the most part , really cuts in public expenditure for social services .
This is all the more true in view of the fact that the migration of decisions to an ill-defined global space is being accompanied by a widespread demand for more direct forms of democracy that can bring decisions closer to people , regions , and local communities .
Central government can easily starve the regions and local communities of their lifeblood .
I can still feel , with shame , the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country .
In principle , this can be accomplished elsewhere .
In practice however , one can not help wondering whether the German experience resulted from a unique set of circumstances , or at any rate one not easily reproduced under the vastly different conditions of today 's Iraq .
However , where differences can not easily be blurred - those of religion , ethnic and cultural origin , color - common citizenship has not achieved the unity of diversity so many have dreamed about .
Popper 's definition avoids theological disputes about the `` rule of the people , '' and whether such a thing can actually exist .
There may be some technical measures that can be taken , like banning parties and candidates who campaign against democracy , or whose democratic credentials are weak .
Yet one can easily see the problems : who judges the eligibility of candidates and how are such judgements enforced ?
Such checks can take many forms . One is to make all such measures temporary by giving these new laws and regulations `` sunset clauses '' that limit their duration .
It is not necessary for us to wait for great catastrophes to occur if we can see them coming .
They prove that up to a point security can be provided without loss of freedom .
Such uncertainty can lead to a frozen state of near-entropy .
This challenge can not really be met by simply promising unlimited opportunities , as they uniquely exist in America .
If something unacceptable happens without a minister 's direct involvement , he or she can get away with it , or so it seems , by pointing a finger at the bureaucrats or contractors who are responsible for implementing an approved policy .
In parliamentary systems , they can and must appear before the elected representatives of the people and explain what happened .
Civil servants can not defend themselves in the same way ; they have to be defended by their ministers .
He can not escape this responsibility even if the perpetrators are identified and prosecuted .
But it can not be had for nothing .
Where this happens , an explosive condition can arise , a kind of separatism within , not by historically separate groups but by newcomers against natives .
The probability of Iraqi elections being held this coming January must be lower than 50 % , and we can be certain that these will not be free and fair elections throughout the entire country .
It has now joined the growing list of the world 's failed states and can at best be described as a potential federation of three states plus the unruly city of Baghdad .
What other exit strategy can it devise ?
The second condition that must be satisfied before elections can be credible is security .
But peace and quiet based on tanks and the threat of air strikes can not be enough .
Lord Ashdown , the High Representative of a coalition of countries in Bosnia-Herzegovina , has set a good example of how the rule of law can be established .
But it can be done .
Such a strategy might even lead to an outcome about which those who want Iraq to join a free world can genuinely say : mission accomplished .
Missiles and tanks alone can not bring democracy , but coupled with the civil power of sensitive help for the defeated , democracy can be adapted to Iraq and the rest of the Middle East .
Yet one can not help agreeing with Chancellor Schmidt when he sees Europe 's future shrouded in uncertainty .
There can be few people who will be recognized as widely all over the globe as John Paul II .
On the other side of the balance sheet , and despite his global outreach , Pope John Paul II can not be described as particularly ecumenical .
It may in fact be a particularly cruel form of inequality , as those who do not succeed can not argue that they were unlucky or kept down by those in power .
Such self-help can be encouraged by policies -LRB- which is what Ludwig Erhard , the father of the `` social market economy '' did in Germany -RRB- , but some starting capital helps .
As a result , the `` generational contract '' looks less and less viable , because we can no longer rely on today 's workers to pay for today 's pensioners .
Governments must continue to pay benefits to today 's pensioners , and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow 's pensioners are now diverting to personal insurance schemes .
A plethora of magazines tell pensioners what they can do . Advice ranges from sex in old age to tourism .
Sometimes the two methods - consultation without action in Europe , actions without consultation in the US - can be turned to mutual advantage .
It will also be a government without the Greens , who continue to have a devoted , if limited , clientele , but are now regarded by many as a luxury that Germany can no longer afford .
The very poor can at most be used for occasional demonstrations of anger , but they are not the stuff from which either terrorists or revolutionaries are made .
Opportunities exist , but they can not be seized or realized .
There can be no liberal order without political democracy , but today we are frequently reminded that political democracy alone does not guarantee a liberal order .
Elections can lead to illiberal democracies and worse .
It can not be said too often that democracy and the rule of law are not the same thing .
A vibrant civil society will mobilize when the rule of law is violated , and it can also check the illiberal inclinations of democratic majorities .
All freedoms can be abused by liberty 's enemies , but in the case of speech , the risk posed by restricting freedom is surely greater .
It also requires a basic economic status , including an income guarantee , which can be provided in a variety of ways .
But individual wealth becomes a problem only if and when it can be used to restrict others ' chances of participation .
The election of the militant and hitherto extra-parliamentary group Hamas in the Palestinian territories reminds us of what democracy can not achieve .
Democracy is about competing parties , and , unless they form a `` grand coalition , '' they can not all win .
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
As the German constitutional court judge Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde famously put it , democracies can not create the conditions of their survival and success .
Democracy in the sense of free elections within certain rules does not allow the rest of us to say that the cause of freedom has prevailed and that we can walk away .
One can think of a number of reasons for the evisceration of parliaments .
These can be the boardrooms of companies , or private international meetings of leaders , or just a course of events which escapes all controls .
This can be done by opinion polls and the use of focus groups ; it can also be achieved by referenda and plebiscites .
It is not a development which defenders of the constitution of liberty can accept .
However , the fate of Bush 's friend , British Prime Minister Tony Blair , shows that lame-duck status can occur even without a constitutional term limit -- indeed , without a written constitution at all .
But , even without such a vow , he would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of his party and of the country .
Who can forget Margaret Thatcher 's tears when her `` friends '' told her that her time was up ?
Nowadays the two largest parties can rarely hope to muster two-thirds of the popular vote .
There are no social groups on which lasting organizations can be built .
Those structures are gone forever , but a liberal-democratic order can not succeed through situational politics built on popular resentments .
It requires a sense of the medium term and a commitment to rational debate of issues , for one tradition that can be revived -- that of enlightened thinking -- is the most important of all .
Violent responses to unwelcome views are never justified and can not be accepted .
One can understand that enlightened believers in Islam -LRB- of whom there are many -RRB- find it upsetting that the world in which they want to live is in fact frail and vulnerable .
In the free world , people are not forced to read a newspaper or listen to a speech that they do not like , and they can oppose without fear what is said by those in positions of authority .
Today 's counter-Enlightenment fashion can easily get out of hand .
No one , man or woman , can today aspire to setting the tone of public discourse without recognizing that politics is no longer only a man 's game .
Fifth , immigration can be treated either as a step towards the full integration of migrants , or as a transitional phase in their lives .
The fact that countries can be turned around is a reason for hope .
In this way , more Portugals and Irelands can be created as the wealth of already prosperous regions is sustained .
Mr Blair can use his 40 % to join the US in its approach to Iraq , and also to spread the doctrine of `` Public Private Partnerships '' at home .
Notwithstanding powerful adversaries both within and outside parliament , for a crucial period political leaders can take determined , decisive action that is regarded as legitimate in the sense that public support outweighs opposition .
Some might argue that at a time when even major parties can no longer hope to gain the support of more than 50 % of the electorate , it is important that parliament reflects the variety of views held by the people who elect it .
This requires parliaments that can both legislate and govern .
Even more starkly unbalanced political landscapes can be found in France and Italy , where neither President Chirac nor Prime Minister Berlusconi need fear their challengers ; indeed neither has a challenger to speak of .
How , in particular , can this situation be explained in view of the fact that today 's unchallenged heads of government are -LRB- at least for the most part -RRB- not towering leaders whose charisma shields them from opposition ?
The nature of the trouble in higher education is similar to that affecting all the public services : a massive growth in demand that can no longer be met from the public purse .
Not much , it is clear , can be gained from increased taxation .
While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional `` penny in the pound '' -LRB- i.e. , 1 % of tax -RRB- of income tax to keep higher education going , most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons .
This can be done in several ways : by means tests that impose duties on many parents ; by loans to be repaid under favourable conditions ; by a special tax on graduates ; or by mixtures of such approaches involving a generous system of bursaries as well as charges on well-to-do parents .
For the problem of the next generation remains to combine public and private contributions to services that simply can not remain wholly financed by taxpayers and wholly run by public bureaucracies .
The computer metaphor thus implies that living organisms are material systems that , facing an unforeseeable future , arrive at improbable solutions so that some of their progeny can survive in unpredictable conditions .
They should have said , `` We can say with 95 % certainty that between 8,000 and 194,000 excess Iraqi deaths occurred during the period . ''
For now , that is about all that statistics can safely tell us .
As global environmental problems frequently create additional stresses on the local resource bases of the world 's poorest people , GNP growth in rich countries can fuel downward pressure on the wealth of the poor .
Even so , one can argue that current estimates of wealth are biased .
In short , we know that up to some unknown set of limits , knowledge , institutions , and manufactured capital can substitute for natural resources , so that even if an economy loses some of its natural capital , in quantity or quality , its wealth would increase if it invested sufficiently in other assets .
The plain fact , however , is that Europe 's population decline can only be stemmed by substantial inward immigration .
What is now required is that EU leaders stop pretending that Europe 's demographic ageing can be solved by more internal labor mobility .
In Europe , this should not be too difficult , because some version of an answer can surely be found in the context of the European Union .
So Europe can not begin to match the US unless it becomes a single federation .
If the socialists can pull themselves together behind a new leader , President Chirac , despite re-election , could once again face a left-wing majority in parliament .
The French socialist party can still , probably , rely on the loyalty of a substantial minority for atavistic or tribal reasons ; but it does not propose to introduce socialism .
These fears incite anger and xenophobia , even though everyone knows that globalization can not be conquered by kicking out foreigners .
The next French president can not control or prevent the forces of globalization ; but he can have a major influence on the EU 's development .
Two other countries , Bulgaria and Romania , can aim for membership three years after that .
This is most notable among big member states like Britain , France , and Spain , and one can see why ; these are former `` great powers , '' which fear being submerged in a mega-Europe .
So here is the second paradox : both large and small EU countries imagine that they can optimize their relative leverage by adopting inter-governmentalist positions .
They can not both be right .
We can have no idea in advance how a 25-member EU will really operate ; practical realities will exert their influence on political chemistry .
Of course , there is not and can not be an overpowering economic case for joining the Euro , at any time .
A referendum on joining the Euro probably can not be won unless a British government is willing to say three things : first , that it favors closer EU political integration ; second , that the single currency is but one expression of that integration , and third , that it is committed to Euro membership .
At that point , the federalists will see whether they can find a way to go ahead on their own .
Tony Blair will not take Britain into the Euro because he can not articulate the only real case for membership , which is political .
Indeed , downplaying the gravity of the latest crisis is easy : one can argue that the immediate cause of the breakdown , when examined closely , is not really all that serious .
In Britain , in particular , the spectacular surge of the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- can only strengthen the government 's long-standing latent Euroskepticism .
But it is not at all clear that those governments that would normally support more integration can sell it to their disillusioned electorates .
Tony Blair has promised a referendum on the new EU constitution , which he can not possibly win .
By contrast , Blair can not win a referendum on the Constitution , not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press , but also because neither he nor any major political leader in Britain has ever had a good word to say about European integration .
But the old member states that have hitherto benefited most from the budget -- poorer countries like Spain , Greece , and Portugal -- want the budget to be expanded , so that they can continue to receive money .
There is no sign of an end to the sectarian violence , and little prospect that Iraq can become a peaceful , unitary democracy .
If Brown is to gain legitimacy , he must offer something new ; but he can do that only by distinguishing himself from the Blair legacy in clearly perceptible -- and therefore fairly radical -- ways .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain .
In reality , of course , the civil and guerrilla war under way in the rest of Iraq means that any security in the south can only be a temporary illusion .
But can they nonetheless be captured ?
At his side sits Martin Wolf of The Financial Times , so a good reception in the pink pages can be expected .
If efforts to produce a parallel bail-in arrangement , which allows bondholders to share the pain , are also successful , we might be within sight of a sensible and not-too-costly reform with which the market can make peace -- and which regulators would have a realistic chance of managing .
The political problem is that the second solution can not yet be sold to German voters , let alone to nationalist fringe parties like France 's National Front and Finland 's True Finns .
In the meantime , the European Council continues , as the Americans would put it , to `` kick the can down the road . ''
Of course , the can is not in the road ; it is in the banking parlors .
As Churchill said of the Americans , `` you can always rely on them to do the right thing ... once they have exhausted all possible alternatives . ''
We can only hope that the bankers are eventually rescued from the burning eurotower by Super-Sarkozy and Wonder-Frau Merkel -- and that the Basel Committee of Banking Supervisors ensures that there will be no sequel .
Of course , regulators can not easily require all banks to be `` well-run '' in Bagehot 's sense .
It is not a bad substitute for perfect judgment , and at least it can be defined and measured .
They rest their case on the famous Modigliani-Miller theorem , which implies that a company can not alter its capital cost by changing the balance between equity and debt on its balance sheet .
There is no one who can offer a timely and , above all , authoritative view on which forecast is the more compelling scenario .
They can see short-term returns , but they do not understand very well how those returns are generated .
Managers can demand higher and higher returns in the upturn .
The Bank of England has described the way in which remuneration policy can create risks for banks and said that , as a result , `` it is of increasing interest and concern to supervisors and regulators . ''
As Ralph Waldo Emerson remarked , `` Our distrust is very expensive . '' The Nobel laureate Kenneth Arrow made the point in economic terms almost 40 years ago : `` It can be plausibly argued that much of the economic backwardness in the world can be explained by the lack of mutual confidence . ''
As a bit player in the dramatic events that Sorkin describes -LRB- I am an independent director of Morgan Stanley in my spare time -RRB- , I can confirm that he accurately captures the atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty that reigned in New York in the autumn of 2008 .
They believe that regulators can ring-fence capital supporting different business lines , to prevent contagion risk , and perhaps impose a surcharge on large `` systemic '' firms , to reflect the price of their implicit support from the central bank and government .
How is it that the Fed 's balance sheet can expand so dramatically , potentially committing large sums of taxpayer dollars , without Congress having a purchase on its decisions , except well after the event ?
New arrangements for monitoring member states ' budget balances have been introduced , but they can do nothing about the stock of debt outstanding .
His was one vote out of 22 , but he represents 27 % of eurozone GDP , so he can not be dismissed as an insignificant outlier .
But can an absence of clarity about the ECB 's voting arrangements last forever ?
From a regulator 's perspective , this is a powerful argument for requiring higher capital to constrain the risk that banks can take on .
According to this view , in a market economy with a convertible currency and free capital flows , the exchange rate can not be manipulated without consequent adjustments to other dimensions of monetary conditions .
But the long run can be long indeed , and the influence of speculative capital flows can be substantial and sustained .
Military strategists have known for centuries that there is , and can be , no final science of war .
For example , if profit can be made by understanding the model behind a policy , as is surely the case with the models used by the United States Federal Reserve , sooner or later so much capital will seek that profit that the tail will begin to wag the dog , as has been happening lately .
But there can be no real predictive science for a system that may change its behavior if we publish a model of it .
The false belief that we can collectively see the future using science has led us all to make various binding promises about things in that future that no human being can possibly guarantee .
A promise of something that we should know can not be guaranteed is also known as a lie .
Governments think we can stop this process by throwing money at it , but there are many reasons to believe that this wo n't work .
A final science of man has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size .
What we can say is that the disease itself is the wrong enemy .
We can not afford to ignore the signs of the importance of the environment for our health .
Science from this perspective is about natural philosophy , an enterprise that seeks to acquire deep understanding of the world regardless of whether that knowledge can be put to use .
Reaction-time tests involve little thinking , and merely ask people to respond as fast as they can to simple stimuli .
There are experimental designs , using twins , that can find out the extent to which intelligence and mortality are linked because they share environmental and genetic influences .
Among the most informative exercises we can undertake in cognitive epidemiology is to obtain a large group of twins on whom there is data on early-life intelligence and who were tracked for a long time to find out who had died .
Four Essential Steps to the Copenhagen Agreement NEW YORK -- The United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen this year will be the moment in history when humanity can rise to the challenge and decisively deal with the issue .
Second , clarity is essential on the extent to which major developing countries can undertake nationally appropriate mitigation actions beyond what they are already doing .
Because the carbon market can not be the sole instrument , government-to-government cooperation will be needed as well .
And that is why several other EU countries are now considering receiving ex-detainees cleared for release , but who , for compelling reasons , can not return to their countries of origin .
More generally , we agree with Obama that `` in the long run we ... can not keep ... safe unless we enlist the power of our most fundamental values , '' and that `` we uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right , but because it strengthens -LRB- us -RRB- and keeps us safe . ''
But Lula can and should follow Kok 's example and use his trade union connections , as well as his rapport with the working class , to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in Brazil 's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become Latin America 's economic powerhouse .
Fourth , channel aid through the central government budget , or through local authorities , so that officials can acquire legitimacy by providing services and infrastructure , and provide subsidies and price-support programs to replace poppies with licit crops such as cotton , which was produced in the past .
On the surface , the UN seems ideally placed to lead reconstruction efforts because , unlike development institutions like the World Bank , it can integrate the political and economic objectives that are equal parts of a transition to peace .
The sales technique should be based on fiscal and regulatory concepts and be expressed in legal and financial jargon , which only experts can do .
Just as importantly , there can not be any conflict of interest -LRB- or even the perception of such a conflict -RRB- with other personal or political activities , past or present .
The challenge for Georgia is to find a solution to the IDPs by rehabilitating infrastructure , housing , and other services , and by facilitating job creation so that the conflict-affected population 's living conditions can improve .
While `` humanitarian aid '' can not be neglected , it should be recognized that such aid promotes consumption rather than investment , creating price distortions and work disincentives .
Eight years ago , Afghanistan embarked on four distinct transitions : a security transition away from violence and insecurity ; a political transition toward a society based on participatory government and the rule of law ; a social transition from tribal and ethnic confrontations toward national reconciliation ; and an economic transition to transform a war-torn and unstable economy into a viable one in which people can make a decent and legal living .
Failure to do so has proved a major factor in countries ' relapse into war , because , in the absence of peace , there can be no sustainable development .
Incentives probably can be found to induce a large number of the rank and file to abandon the insurgency and join the Afghan armed forces or police , play a role in local politics , join the national civil service , or find agricultural or other private-sector employment .
Continental Europeans were told to follow the US model and liberalize their labor markets , so that businesses that want to hire can do so without losing money and so that unemployed workers who find new jobs wo n't see their wages offset by cuts in welfare-state benefits .
But can this criticism be constructive , not a bout -LRB- pleasurable , of course -RRB- of Schadenfreude ?
Moreover , the greed of bosses can not be the sole determinant of managerial remuneration .
Declining public school quality , downward pressure on funding for public higher education , and a failure of political will to make higher education affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and can not afford quality education .
After all , we can assume that the animal spirits of investors and financiers has been further depressed as a psychological reaction to the exuberant belief just a few years ago in the powers of financial engineering .
Creditworthy governments around the world can create more safe , liquid , high-quality financial assets through a number of channels .
They can spend more or tax less and borrow the difference .
They can guarantee the debt of private-sector entities , thus transforming now-risky leaden assets back into golden ones .
Their central banks can borrow and use the money to buy up some of the flood of risky assets in the market .
There is simply no set of bedrock principles on which one can base calculations that illuminate real-world economic outcomes .
When excess demand is for high-quality assets -- places where you can park your wealth and be assured that it will still be there when you come back -- the natural response is to have credit-worthy governments guarantee some private assets and buy up others , swapping them out for their own liabilities and thus diminishing the supply of risky assets and increasing the supply of safe assets .
In these circumstances , we can be sure of what Mill would have recommended .
The high unemployment currently afflicting the North Atlantic , critics of government stimulus maintain , is not cyclical but `` structural , '' and thus can not be alleviated by policies that boost aggregate demand .
Yes , the debt will be higher and interest on that debt will have to be paid , but the British government can borrow now at extraordinarily favorable terms .
When interest rates are low and you can borrow on favorable terms , the market is telling you to pull government spending forward into the present and push taxes back into the future .
To borrow from your own people is especially non-humiliating when your economy is in depression , when the interest rates at which you can borrow are at near-record lows , and when every economic argument cries out for spending now and taxing later .
How can the US have a large political movement -- the Tea Party -- pushing for the hardest of hard-money policies when there is no hard-money lobby with its wealth on the line ?
The Fed can not reduce short-term interest rates below zero , so it is attempting via this policy of `` quantitative easing '' to reduce longer-term interest rates .
The working classes can vote , economists understand and publicly discuss nominal income determination , and no influential group stands to benefit from a deeper and more prolonged depression .
BERKELEY -- The central insight of macroeconomics is a fact that was known to John Stuart Mill in the first third of the nineteenth century : there can be a large gap between supply and demand for pretty much all currently produced goods and services and types of labor if there is an equally large excess demand for financial assets .
There is , after all , no easy way that unemployed workers can start producing the assets -- money and bonds that not only are rated investment-grade , but really are -- that financial markets are not adequately supplying .
Thus , the first principle of macroeconomic policy is that because only the government can create the investment-grade financial assets that are in short supply in a depression , it is the government 's task to do so .
The government must ensure that the money supply matches the full-employment level of money demand , and that the supply of safe savings vehicles in which investors can park their wealth also meets demand .
And the rapid reductions in budget deficits that European governments are now pledged to undertake can only increase the likelihood of a full double-dip recession .
Simply put , a weak state can not enforce contracts and property rights , while a state that is strong enough to enforce them must control its own bureaucrats .
There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation -- and possibly three generations -- behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy , and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology .
`` Competitiveness '' carries the implication of a zero-sum game , in which America can win only if its trading partners lose .
The downturn was not caused by a liquidity squeeze , so the Fed can not wave its wand and return asset prices to their pre-recession configuration .
Indeed , I believe that things are even worse : as long as aggregate demand remains low , we can not even tell which pieces are right side up .
Unfortunately , the market can not produce a demand recovery rapidly by itself .
And it can not produce structural adjustment at all until a demand recovery is well under way .
We know that when Americans become confident again -- when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones , and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws -- they will demand more dwellings than the country has today .
But , even though we can see the magnitude of the construction shortfall and understand how large it will be when recovery is complete , that does not help right now .
And we can assume that it would be repealed and replaced by something else come January 2013 , either by a re-elected President Barack Obama , or by a new , Republican president .
Frankly , I do not understand how Bernanke can say any of these things right now .
If he and the rest of the Federal Open Market Committee thought that the projected growth of nominal spending in the US was on an appropriate recovery path two months ago , they can not believe that today .
The US government can currently borrow for 30 years at a real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rate of 1 % per year .
How , you might ask , can I say this ?
Right now , however , the US government can manufacture `` safety '' out of thin air merely by printing bonds .
How can America see reasonably rapid output growth and yet rising unemployment ?
Investors outside the US can see the magnitude of the trade deficit , calculate the likely decline in the dollar required to eliminate it , and recognize that the interest rate and equity return differentials from investing in the US are insufficient to compensate for the risk that next month will be when capital inflows into America start to fall .
The Bush administration 's intellectual allies call the Clinton administration `` naïve '' for believing that international relations form a positive-sum game in which all sides can win .
The world can not afford to have pseudo-conservatives at high levels of the US government who do not work for global peace and prosperity , but instead for a dangerously wrongheaded geopolitical strategy .
On trade , on fiscal policy , on reform of social entitlements , on almost every issue you can name , the Bush team has worsened conditions substantially .
Reading Rubin 's recently published memoir In an Uncertain World , we can begin to understand this striking difference better .
Rubin 's recognition that the world is a complicated , poorly-understood place , where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen -- and where we can not merely consult some map drawn by John Maynard Keynes or Milton Friedman or some neo-conservative pundit -- seems to have been the most powerful of his secret weapons .
Karl Marx was not wholly wrong when he wrote that the most industrialized countries are mirrors in which the rest of the world can see its own future .
One source is central banks seeking to keep the value of their home currencies down so that their workers can gain valuable experience from exporting to the rich world .
Looking at the capital flow reversal into the US , I can not argue that the second era has been an unqualified success either . It is nice that Mexican workers and entrepreneurs are gaining experience in export manufactures , and successful enough to run a trade surplus vis-à-vis the US .
Capital markets can get the allocation of investment badly wrong , but governments are likely to get it wrong even worse , and the incentives to corrupt bureaucrats do need to be kept as low as possible .
This does not mean that employment in America can not grow .
If America can grow as fast as it is now , that is very good news for other , less-developed economies , especially since one powerful effect of ongoing technological revolutions in computers and communications is to make it much easier to participate in the global division of labor now centered in the US .
The most that even the winners can say is that they are little losers rather than big losers .
With competition strong across the economy , they say that we can look forward to a generation of relatively high asset prices and relatively low real interest rates worldwide .
· Second , trend-chasers keep buying because the returns have been so good in the recent past , thus pushing the overvaluation to a height and duration that orthodox economists can not explain .
What will happen to confidence in governments that can not solve the problem ?
A government that can not balance its own finances can not be relied on to provide macroeconomic stability .
Social Security 's actuaries may not have fully recognized the impact of today 's technological revolutions , but they have markedly boosted the scale of the system that the US government can afford .
In reality , this is more of an opportunity than a problem : if we did not expect that doctors and nurses will be able to do marvelous things in a generation or two that they can not do now , we would not be projecting serious fiscal deficits arising from the health programs .
The third most serious problem is to put the US government 's General Fund budget on a sustainable basis , so that the non-Social Security government can finance itself and meet its commitments after the date -- around 2020 -- when it can no longer borrow from the Social Security Trust Fund .
Obviously , one 's health is an area in which private information can be very private indeed .
At best , they are seeking ways to keep health-care spending from rising , as though the genie of medical progress can be forced back into the bottle .
Yet three centuries ago there was also technological progress , from the mechanical clock and the watermill to the cannon and the caravel , and on to strains of rice that can be cropped three times a year in Guangzhou and the breeding of merino sheep that can flourish in the hills of Spain .
What remains highly uncertain , however , is whether an obviously overheating market can be cooled without sending America , and its main trading partners around the world , into an economic tailspin .
The US housing boom is due , first , to low interest rates , which mean that large amounts of money can be borrowed for mortgages with moderate monthly payments .
This would mean a depression not just for the US , but for Asia and probably Europe as well , for the US can remain the world 's importer of last resort and guarantor of effective demand only as long as its domestic consumption is strong .
· Maximizing economic -- and also social and cultural -- contact between rich and poor nations is the best way we can think of to aid the flow of knowledge about technology and organization , which is the last best hope for rapid world development .
Under neither of these interpretations can those who negotiated and signed the Kyoto Treaty be said to have served the world well .
We Americans can sell off two-thirds of the increment to our wealth to finance imports and still be $ 500 billion better off this year than we were last year .
George Soros can bet on a run on the British pound .
Thai import-export firms can bet on a run on the baht by accelerating their dollar receipts and delaying their dollar payouts .
Everyone can bet on a run on the Argentine peso -- a favorite sport of international financial speculators for a century and a half .
A 401 -LRB- k -RRB- is a heavily tax-favored account in which workers can save money for their retirement .
Big winners are workers in poor countries who get better jobs working for firms that can now export services to rich countries .
What can we do about this ?
I can easily envision alternatives , such as Communist victories in post-World War II elections in Italy and France that would have impoverished nations now in the rich North .
I can also envision alternatives that would have enriched poor nations : Deng Xiaoping becoming China 's leader in 1956 rather than 1976 would have done the job there .
The problems that can be addressed are those of poverty and social insurance -- of providing a safety net -- not of inequality .
But only the first 5 % of their wealth can be justified as an economic incentive to encourage entrepreneurship and enterprise .
An unequal society can not help but be an unjust society .
Societies that promise equality of opportunity thus can not afford to allow inequality of outcomes to become too great .
Those who fear geopolitical catastrophe will sell assets , putting downward pressure on their value , only if there are other , safer assets that they see that they can buy .
As Harvard 's Robert Barro has recently pointed out , fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe -- even one that spares a subset of assets that can not be specified in advance -- will not affect relative asset prices , because investors have no motive to sell or buy any particular asset .
But a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution , and that quarter of my brain can not see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump .
The debate about monetary policy can thus be fruitful and productive even if it is no longer restricted to those who have learned `` Greenspanese . ''
Today , it is an accepted fact that the kindest thing you can say about the Bush administration is that it is completely incompetent , which is the line now taken by hard-line Bush supporters like the National Review and the commentator Robert Novak .
Americans evidently hope for a world in which they can have feckless deficit-generating fiscal policies , a very low private savings rate , and a moderate rate of investment , all financed by foreign capital whose owners are happy to bear the risks yet have no control over their assets .
The question following China 's Blackstone investment is this : how far can this process go ?
The Fed hopes that it can handle the current situation without being forced to rescue market liquidity by cutting interest rates and thus giving what it fears would be an unhealthy boost to spending .
The Fed still hopes that liquidity and confidence can be restored quickly , and that the summer of 2007 will serve future economists as an example of how de-linked financial markets can be from the flows of spending and production in the real economy .
The deposits can be individuals ' paychecks and the loans can be to small businesses .
Or the deposits can be consumer paper issued by KKR Atlantic Financing , and the loans can be CDO sub-prime mortgage tranches that KKR Atlantic holds in its portfolio .
Or the deposits can be investments in D.E. Shaw 's funds and the loans can be the complex derivatives that make up D.E. Shaw 's portfolio .
In all these cases , the liability holders -- i.e. , the depositors -- have been promised liquidity , yet that promise can not be kept if it is ever doubted .
And Greenspan eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
The prospect of a truly hard landing -- that global investors wake up one morning , suddenly recognize the US current account 's can not be sustained , dump dollars , and bring about a crash of the global economy -- is becoming less likely with each passing day .
I can not judge the strength of these factions , or whether they know that the falling US current account deficit and dollar may lessen the urgency of adjustment in the rest of the world , but not in China .
But these are , or ought to be , problems that we can solve .
First , America can not run enormous -LRB- and growing ! -RRB- current-account deficits forever : at some point the desire of foreign investors to hold ever-increasing shares of their wealth in America must wane and then reverse .
Short-term interest rates can not be pushed much lower .
More importantly , would the limited amount that interest rates can yet be cut do much to boost demand ?
The high rents paid to noble landlords increase their wealth and power by giving them the resources to keep the peasants down and widen the surplus -- for , after all , they can not make more land .
First , the key resources that command high prices and thus produce wealth are not fixed , like land , but are variable : the skills of craft workers and engineers , the energy and experience of entrepreneurs , and machines and buildings are all things that can be multiplied .
The market for labor compels people to move to where they can earn the most , at the price of potentially creating strangers in strange lands .
Similarly , `` social norms '' and `` views about distributive justice '' usually turn out to favor whomever has the biggest spear or can convince others that obedience to the powerful is obedience to God .
You can complain that redistribution and industrial policy were economically inefficient , but not that they were unpopular .
Add it all up , and you can reckon on an America that in 2016 that will be much poorer if McCain rather than Barack Obama or Hillary Rodham Clinton is elected president .
In the framework developed by the development economist Dani Rodrik , a shortage of capital can be a binding `` growth constraint '' : the place where `` the biggest bang for the -LRB- policy -RRB- reform buck can be obtained . ''
And even when other factors constrain growth more , they can not be changed without changing the shape and form of the economy 's capital stock .
And we can hope that these capital flows will carry with them the institutions and managerial expertise that have made the core so wealthy .
Unlike in Venezuela , there is a viable scenario in which both visions -- macroeconomic orthodoxy and greater social justice -- can be realized .
If such people can not be appeased , or if they panic for no particular reason , then everything goes down the drain .
It is not at all clear that the Bush Administration and today 's IMF can offer similar support .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
And if housing and mortgage security prices do n't just fall but collapse , everyone should remember that construction employment falls faster than employment in tradable goods can grow .
Rudi Dornbusch was right : imbalances can last for longer than economists believe possible .
The Treasury and Federal Reserve are adding preferred stock to the balance sheets of the US mortgage giants Fannie Mae and FHLBC and the insurance giant AIG in the hope of shoring up their capital cushions and lowering their borrowing costs so that they can buy more mortgages .
You can argue that the corporate executives have expertise and knowledge that allows them to commit the funds they control to higher-return projects than are available in the stock market .
Or you can argue that they are corrupt empire-builders who dissipate a portion of the shareholders ' money that they control .
All these arguments apply only to long-term investors who can afford to wait out another 40 % decline in values and keep their money invested until perceived risk drops . -LRB- And if perceived risk never drops than you have worse things to worry about than the performance of your portfolio . -RRB-
Today , short-run economic policy can not just be left to the central bank alone . For one thing , its balance sheet is not big enough .
Moreover , the highest priority for central banks can no longer be to maintain their credibility as guardians of price stability , but rather their credibility as guardians of the financial system 's stability and soundness .
But in today 's prevailing conditions , we can not afford this perspective .
It is very conventional short-run stabilization policy : you can find it in all of the leading textbooks ... ''
I can understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents of the stimulus plan who believe that the situation is not that dire ; that the government spending will be slow and wasteful -LRB- whereas properly targeted tax cuts would provide a more effective stimulus -RRB- ; and thus that it would have been better to defeat Obama 's stimulus bill and try again in a couple of months .
I can also understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents who believe that the short-run stimulus effect of the plan will be small , while America 's weak fiscal position implies a large long-run drag on the economy from the costs of servicing the resulting debt .
I simply do not understand their arguments that government spending can not boost the economy .
As far as I can tell , they are simply burying their heads in the sand .
You can argue that neither group should have boosted its spending to such a degree -- that both were subject to `` irrational exuberance '' -- and that someone should have taken away the punchbowl earlier .
But you can not argue that these groups did not increase their spending , and that their increased spending did not pull large numbers of Americans -- roughly two million in each case -- into productive and valued employment .
If businesses ' enthusiasm for spending on high-tech gadgetry and new homeowners ' enthusiasm for spending on three-bedroom houses can boost employment and production , then what argument can Harvey , Fama , Barro , Steil , and company make that government spending will not ?
Businesses that ought to be expanding and hiring can not , because the depressed general level of financial asset prices prevents them from borrowing money or selling bonds on profitable terms .
Even after central banks have pushed government bond prices as high as they can go , they should keep buying government bonds for cash , in the hope that people whose pockets are full of cash will spend more of it , and that this will directly pull people out of joblessness and into employment .
My guess is that the reason that the US government is not doing all it should can be stated in three words : Senator George Voinovich , who is the 60th vote in the Senate -- the vote needed to close off debate and enact a bill .
`` Exporting food is one of the few ways we can earn the foreign exchange we need to buy modern industrial technology , '' they say .
Not every developing country can grow rich by making and exporting computer chips , or plastic toys , or bananas .
Indeed , Bush has backed several major anti-liberal initiatives : a steel tariff , the expansion of agricultural subsidies , and a declaration that FTAA -LRB- Free Trade Agreement of the Americas -RRB- negotiations can not even consider the impact of US agricultural subsidy programs on trade .
The world 's high - and middle-income countries should not imagine that the relatively rich can fence themselves off indefinitely from poverty and misery in the poorest countries .
First , it allows for many savers to pool their wealth to finance large enterprises that can achieve the efficiencies of scale possible from capital-intensive modern industry .
Finally , high finance allows for portfolio diversification , so that individual investors can seek high expected returns without being forced to assume large , idiosyncratic risks of bankruptcy and poverty .
Our invested wealth can only be made to appear liquid to any one of us , and only if there is no general shift in our collective desire for liquidity .
And it is also a fact that we are happier saving and accumulating if we receive positive and negative feedback on our decisions on a time scale that allows us to believe that we can do better next time by altering our strategy -- hence
Psychologically , we are naturally impatient , so it is good for us to believe that our wealth is safe and secure , and that we can add to it through skillful acts of investment , because that delusion makes us behave less impatiently .
Full employment is better than high unemployment if it can be accomplished without inflation , Greenspan thought .
You can argue that Greenspan 's policies in the early 2000 's were wrong .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level .
By reappointing a Fed chair chosen by someone else , a president can appear to guarantee financial markets that the Fed is not too much under his thumb .
And that can be a very valuable asset for an incumbent Fed chair -- one that no other candidate could match .
Likewise , Casey Mulligan of the University of Chicago really does appear to believe that large falls in the employment-to-population ratio are best seen as `` great vacations '' -- and as the side-effect of destructive government policies like those in place today , which lead workers to quit their jobs so they can get higher government subsidies to refinance their mortgages .
Theory is crystallized history -- it can be nothing more .
Obama 's Republican opponents , who claim that fiscal stimulus can not work , rely on arguments that are incoherent at best , and usually simply wrong , if not mendacious .
Those who claim that America has a debt problem , and that a debt problem can not be cured with more debt , ignore -LRB- sometimes deliberately -RRB- that private debt and US Treasury debt have been very different animals -- moving in different directions and behaving in different ways -- since the start of the financial crisis .
This response is understandably controversial , because it rewards those who bet on risky assets , many of whom accepted risk with open eyes and bear some responsibility for causing the crisis . But an effective rescue can not be done any other way .
The political problem can be finessed : as Don Kohn , a vice-chairman of the Federal Reserve , recently observed , teaching a few thousand feckless financiers not to over-speculate is much less important than securing the jobs of millions of Americans and tens of millions around the globe .
Financial rescue operations that benefit even the unworthy can be accepted if they are seen as benefiting all -- even if the unworthy gain more than their share of the benefits .
What can not be accepted are financial rescue operations that benefit the unworthy and cause losses to other important groups -- like taxpayers and wage earners .
Officials can not say that a global recession has been avoided ; that they `` bailed in '' the banks ; that -- with the exception of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns -- they forced the bad speculative actors into bankruptcy ; or that the government made money on the deal .
Such a plan can get off the ground only if 50 Democratic senators are willing to rely on the budget reconciliation process -- used to combine the bills adopted by the House of Representatives and the Senate -- and are willing to accelerate that process and complete it within a month .
In that case , we will have spent $ 600 billion and gotten $ 810 billion worth of stuff in return , for a net social profit of $ 210 billion -LRB- and those who would otherwise be cyclically unemployed can not be said to place a high value on their lost leisure -RRB- .
Only if you think that there are additional large costs lurking down the road -- that the stimulus has destabilized price expectations and set in motion a destructive spiral of deflation , or that the stimulus has used up America 's debt capacity , driving up debt-service costs to a prohibitive level -- can the social profit turn negative .
So I really can not understand Barro 's last paragraph : `` The fiscal stimulus package of 2009 was a mistake .
The problem , I think , is that Barro tries to use the years of `` total '' war in the twentieth century -- World War I , World War II , and the Korean War -- to `` realistically evaluate the stimulus , '' because `` the defense-spending multiplier can be precisely estimated ... ''
Yes , the total war defense-spending multiplier can be relatively precisely estimated .
Moreover , Barro complains that because Christina Romer , who heads President Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , has `` not -LRB- carried out -RRB- serious scientific research ... on spending multipliers ... , '' he `` can not understand her rationale for assuming values well above one ... '' To say that policymakers should rely only on their own personal research to formulate policy seems to me simply bizarre .
At the moment , the United States Treasury can borrow at a real interest rate of zero for five years -- and shove the entire five-year inflation risk onto the lender .
Broadly , we see three areas in which Europe 's policymakers at both the national and EU levels can do better : global challenges where Europe could show greater leadership , the creation and strengthening of human capital within the EU and worldwide , and improvement in the effectiveness of the EU 's own political machinery .
It needs to build substantially on its leadership on climate change by adopting much tougher EU goals , and then use its international economic and trade clout to champion new global emissions standards that scientific opinion can accept as meaningful .
Education is by far the most profitable investment Europe can make , so it should be launching its most ambitious strategy ever to create a new knowledge dynamic and employment inside the EU while helping to expand greatly education in the world 's poorest countries .
But the paradox is that today 's reserves are not real wealth that can be pumped back into the domestic economy .
So the best the world can currently hope for is revived dialogue , an agreement to freeze the North 's Yongbyon nuclear plant , and perhaps a moratorium on further missile and nuclear tests .
Of course , some of the big-ticket items in an economic engagement policy will remain contingent on progress in security arrangements and peninsular denuclearization . But North Korea and the international community can already take some substantive steps .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
One party alone can not represent the other . Nor can one party alone claim to be the legitimate government of Cyprus
We will have nothing to do with it . Adding insult to injury , EU officials say that Turkish Cypriots can not veto the application by Greek controlled Cyprus .
For Latin American policymakers , assuring food security can really be achieved only if a new international regime of genuinely free trade for agricultural commodities is built .
The same model can and should be followed elsewhere in the troubled lands that border the European Union .
The redundancies that result are not only a waste of human resources , but also a source of stress for the people involved ; both in economic and social terms , mass redundancies can be tragic and can lead to dangerous instability .
Vocational training can soften these blows . Indeed , universal access to primary education and vocational training programs are at the heart of any strategy to eliminate poverty and ensure stability .
Compared to other forms of education , targeted professional training can offer swift results when economies are undergoing transition .
For individuals , it can help turn the threat of redundancy into the challenge of venturing in new directions .
For society as a whole , it can swing the balance from recession to growth .
But not only political and economic transitions are wrenching . Demographic changes can be equally painful for a society .
This strategy alone can enable these countries to compete economically in an increasingly global market .
Vocational education and training development can make a powerful contribution towards achieving this goal . It can offer radical change in the lives of millions of people by helping them find work and thus providing hope of a better life for their families and children .
It can also bring about crucial changes on a larger scale -- helping to reduce illiteracy and crime , for example , as well as other social pathologies that impede prosperity and stability .
Equally important , professional training development in the Middle East , North Africa , and Eastern Europe can bring about improved international relations and trade , together with reduced migration pressure .
Regardless of how much money is spent , it never can fund comprehensive reform of any country 's education and training system .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
Rather than fund comprehensive education reform , international partners can supply the tools with which individual countries can bring about reform themselves .
Germany and China can do more than others .
The US can do a lot , in part because of the dollar 's status as the main international reserve currency .
Low interest rates mean that the additional debt burdens that public borrowing will create can remain manageable .
Moreover , India can claim a great deal of pride in the fact that the last two presidents were from minority populations -- one from the lowest of castes -LRB- Harijan , formerly referred to as `` untouchables '' -RRB- , and another one from the Muslim community .
In a country full of contradictory attitudes toward women -- ranging from the worship of the powerful goddess Durga to the killing of innocent young brides -- such gestures can be very powerful .
But gestures can not be a substitute for real action , or for the hard work that is necessary to empower all Indian women .
One can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong .
For those women in India who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society , it would be wonderful if she can demonstrate early on that she has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position .
Asia 's Questions for America 's Next President NEW YORK -- In one of the longest American Presidential campaigns in history , neither party has addressed one of the most critical issues of the day : how can the United States successfully integrate its domestic concerns with an increasingly competitive global marketplace ?
The next US president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare America for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments , global trends can have local implications , and America 's international authority will confront Asia 's newfound clout .
And , while scholars have begun to talk about building an Asia-Pacific community that can match the Atlantic community 's extensive network of relationships , there has been no clear signal from the US government about America 's role in this transformation .
I was in Korea last week , and several of my friends and colleagues , some in prominent public positions , were thrilled at the prospect of the new US president . They marveled at the fact that America 's democracy can actually make it possible for a youngish African-American to become the leader of the free world .
No one can doubt his sincerity .
A 2005 report by the US State Department 's Advisory Committee on Cultural Diplomacy called for a new vision of cultural diplomacy that `` can enhance US national security in subtle , wide-ranging and sustainable ways . ''
The current distance is rooted as much in ignorance as in hard political issues , many of which go beyond what arts and culture can realistically address .
However , cultural diplomacy and initiatives such as `` Muslim Voices '' can open the door to the reality of the Muslim world as a rich space for world-class artistic production .
Hence , if investment can be attracted to agriculture , it should be welcomed , and whichever rules are imposed should encourage it , not deter it .
The largest and best-equipped farms are highly competitive , in the sense that they can produce for markets at a lower cost .
But the EU 's posture as a protector of linguistic diversity can not hide the stampede toward English that is underway .
But English and national languages can co-exist only if the state protects the indigenous language and citizens do not allow English to take over all prestigious domains .
Einstein sought to avoid the implication of unmodified general relativity that the universe can not be static -- that it can expand -LRB- slowing down , against its own gravity -RRB- , collapse , or be instantaneously at rest , but that it can not hang unsupported .
This particular prediction can not be tested -LRB- no observation could establish that the universe is at rest , even if it were -RRB- , but it is impossible to change the equations of general relativity arbitrarily .
Now that the guerrillas are boxed in , what can Rajapaksa reasonably offer to them and ordinary Tamils ?
True , but in politics the best justice can be the enemy of the general good .
Though the Tigers can no longer destroy Sri Lanka 's democracy , fighting to the last guerrilla is in nobody 's interest .
One can not succeed without the other .
· Be coherent and consistent . Human rights can not be defended if antiterrorism activities fail to respect the rule of law .
Nor can democracy be advanced if authoritarian regimes are supported simultaneously merely because - like Saddam Hussein 's Iraq - they are secular and anti-Islamist .
· Capitalize on institutional diversity . Because NATO and the EU share complementary priorities , both can develop mechanisms for inclusive security cooperation in peacekeeping operations .
· Address the question of political Islam . None of these tasks can be achieved without serious reflection about political Islam .
Its diversity must be recognized , so that groups that resort to violence can be differentiated from those that do not .
There can be no democratic transition if Islamic currents that reject violence and accept democracy 's ground rules are not integrated into the public arena .
Democracies can deal with political Islam and respect fundamental rights .
They can fight obscurantism and respect diversity .
But , after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , they became confused with another debate , one far more important for a US electorate that feels threatened : how can alliances and multilateral institutions protect Americans ?
Unilateral announcement of troop reductions in Europe and Asia , where US forces primarily serve -LRB- as in South Korea -RRB- to dissuade aggression , can only be seen as a corollary of this tendency .
The Bush doctrine 's bedrock notion is that of `` pre-emptive war , '' a doctrine that lacks international legitimacy and that therefore can usually count on only a limited number of allies .
Kerry and a growing number of Americans recognize that accepting limits on US power and the use of military force are a precondition for America 's ultimate security , that what binds can also strengthen , and that such limits will reinforce America 's ability to tackle the crisis in Iraq .
Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone can not be decisive , as there are other dimensions of power - so-called `` soft power '' - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace . These dimensions include international legitimacy , values -LRB- including tolerance -RRB- , and public opinion .
This would be a lot easier with the Constitution in place , but there are measures that can and should be adopted now to make that possible .
Finally , Council meetings should be open when legislative matters are at stake , so that citizens can know who voted for what and according to which criteria .
All of this can be decided at the next European Council , even before the constitutional problem is resolved .
Europe and Europeans can not wait for a new treaty to show that the Union is able to fulfill that promise .
Europe 's response to terror requires , first and foremost , strengthening its intelligence services so that they can detect and dismantle terrorist cells while respecting basic rights and due process .
We can not -- indeed , must not -- cede to terror by building walls around and within our societies .
Not surprisingly , the empirical evidence that trade imbalances can be resolved through exchange rate changes alone is unconvincing .
Nowadays , however , shaft kilns are a favorite of local governments because they can be built cheaply and quickly and generate growth and employment .
Because supplies of donated medicines can be unpredictable , they can create chaos in the market by preventing accurate quantification of needs and thus affecting planning .
But that liberating sentiment has recently undergone an ironic twist . As an anonymous American woman , justifying her decision to undergo cosmetic surgery , put it , `` All we have in life is ourselves , and what we can put out there every day for the world to see ... Me is all I got . ''
External substitutes for organic structures can be surgically implanted , breaking down the barrier between the body and the outside world .
The American law professor James Boyle believes that we can grasp the way in which the body has become an object of trade by likening it to the historical process of enclosure .
Genetic Property Rights on Trial LONDON -- In early February 2010 , a United States federal district court in New York began deciding a landmark case as to whether individuals have a `` right to know '' about how their own genomes can dictate their future health .
In talking about similar issues raised in my recent book Body Shopping , I have heard many shocked reactions to the growing commodification of human tissue , but none more generally shared than this one : how can you take out a patent on life ?
If that is true , how can Ceriani rightfully be kept in the dark about what form the gene takes in her body ?
How can a commercial firm not only deny me the right to know my own genetic profile unless I pay their fee for the diagnostic test , which might be fair enough , but also to prevent any other firm from offering me a similar test unless those firms pay it a license fee ?
Slobodan Milosevic 's trial in the Hague is a timely reminder of just how devastating terroristic violence can be .
Ethnically motivated murders are less common of late , but this can not be deemed a success so long as Kosovo 's non-Albanians remain isolated in enclaves protected by KFOR .
The Balkan traffickers in drugs , arms , women , and refugees - the underground criminal trades that fund the terrorists - can be closed down .
The military leaders have shown that they can mobilize their forces in short order when they want , as evidenced by their violent crack down on thousands of monks and political activists last year .
They will need quickly to face up to the reality that in order to pursue US interests in the region , including stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan , the current standoff with Iran can not continue , and that a greater degree of cooperation is unavoidable .
Current projections indicate that uranium shortages in the coming years can be avoided only if existing and new uranium mines operate according to plan .
But it remains to be seen if the uranium mining in this country can indeed increase further to 18,000 tons in 2010 and to 30,000 tons by 2018 .
One can also expect that the current worldwide economic crisis will not help to accelerate the construction of nuclear power plants and new uranium mines .
Let us hope that we can learn to adapt to simpler -- though perhaps still satisfying -- lifestyles .
Because Milosevic is obviously guilty and can defend himself in open court , they fail to look for imperfections .
So Ko¨tunica and Djindjic can not seek allies in the nationalist camp .
Who can say ?
One can not help but recall Britain 's Neville Chamberlain on his return from Munich , waving that laughable treaty signed by Adolf Hitler , and declaring the advent of `` peace in our time . ''
We find ourselves faced with a conflict that will most likely last longer than any of the great military clashes of the last century -- a conflict conducted by an enemy that can not be tamed by `` tolerance '' and `` accommodation '' because that enemy is actually spurred on by such gestures .
Simple computer programs can compare two or more strings of these units and evaluate degrees of similarity , search huge databases to match new sequences against known ones , and cluster groups of sequences in the form of a family tree .
How can you match up something that 's never been found ?
It can not have escaped their notice that to uphold indefinite detention of foreign nationals without judicial process would have made them virtual pariahs on the conference circuit .
More importantly , can XDR-TB be controlled ?
Poor adherence to the therapeutic regimen , improper prescribing by clinicians , and drug interactions or malabsorption can result in partial suppression of bacterial growth and the emergence of resistant organisms .
Once this resistance develops , treatment is compromised , further resistance can evolve , and resistant organisms can be transmitted to other people , leading to primary drug resistance that may fail to respond to standard therapy .
Addressing drug-resistant TB can not be divorced from overall TB control efforts .
Last , but not least , the importance of effective advocacy for a more vigorous response to the global TB epidemic can not be overstated .
This includes promoting new drugs lines that can enhance the potency of first-line regimens , thereby shortening treatment duration and preventing the emergence of resistance in the first place . But new drugs are not enough .
First , it can be inflated away - a currency collapse fed by money creation until the debt disappears in a whirl of inflation .
What can the IMF do ?
But the IMF must also reinvent itself to become far more focused ; it may not be able to change its image but it can become more effective .
All these are important , all these are remotely affected by IMF policies , none of them can get around the central truth that a country which has hit the ropes needs to practice austerity .
First there remains a belief that Japan , having so impressed everyone over the past 50 years , simply can not be a basket-case .
The question then is : can Japan 's popular and reform-minded new prime minister Junichero Koizumi turn things around ?
If he can do these three things , Japan can then rely on its human capital and high level of adaptability to move out of trouble .
What can stabilize the public debt ?
European policymakers remain ambivalent about the use of markets and so their economies can not stand up to comparison with America 's dynamism , not now and not any time soon .
True , the US can not borrow abroad forever and one day the dollar and the current account will turn .
As of yet , there is no rival to America or the dollar as far as the eye can see .
The argument for the latter is simple : with national currencies eliminated and everything priced in Euros , how can similar cars or loaves of bread have different prices on either side of a border ?
The smaller the market , the fewer the number of distributors that can serve it profitably .
For the only way capitalism can be made acceptable , and hence deliver growth and prosperity around the world , is to practice this rite of exorcism in public .
Some will say that it will be impossible to build good boards of directors if members can be sued ; some will ponder what will happen to stocks if hard questions are asked about financial reporting by companies .
But can Europe deal with such a shock , and what would happen to the US if that happened ?
There is another strongly held belief : that Japan can not recover without a steep decline in the yen .
Suppose all this is wrong , suppose suddenly the US can not attract enough capital .
With such anemic growth , how can Latin America expect to compete in world trade except through ever shrinking wages ?
But with growth in China 's coastal region running at possibly 15 % per year , who can seriously doubt that in 15 years it will surpass Brazil ?
Unless something changes , there is little chance that the MDG targets can be sustained in the long run .
Finally , South Africa , with its world-class banking sector and internationally competitive construction companies , can supply services to the Chinese market .
While these factors undoubtedly placed upward pressure on food prices , they alone can not explain the steep hikes .
These speculative investments can further strengthen the trend and push futures price further away from market equilibrium , especially if many investors follow suit or those who invest have sufficient funds to influence the market .
· As excess demand in well-functioning futures markets can easily be met by sufficient supply -LRB- i.e. , by issuing new futures contracts -RRB- , the effect of speculation on the equilibrium price is relatively small and short-lived compared to price swings of a physical asset , for which supply might be less elastic or even fixed in the short term .
Mexico and the US do n't need to be the worst of enemies or the best of friends ; they can just be neighbors .
In effect , Mexico told the US : `` I can criticize you first , and help you later . ''
More broadly , the US must accept that times have changed and that Mexico can not be simply classified as either an historic antagonist that has to be bought off or an unconditional ally that can be taken for granted .
Vicente Fox probably feels tempted to hit the piñata as it hangs there and go back home with whatever he can get .
As a result , although Latin Americans can vote in a more democratic environment , they ca n't compete in a globalized world .
What the current crisis has proved is that Mexico can not continue to float , ignoring its nakedness .
Already we can name three `` growth factors '' that will help the new security system to mature -- the development of the European Security and Defense Policy , the transformation of NATO , and Russia 's return to its rightful position on the world stage .
The Alliance 's strategic concept is outdated , yet it can not even agree on when to start preparing a new one .
A real , working NATO-Russia relationship could provide the Alliance with solutions to problems that it can not tackle on its own .
They are complicated events rooted in governance , security , markets , education , and infrastructure -- all of which can be influenced .
When farmers can produce more and earn more income , they become more resilient to shocks like severe weather and can put themselves and their families on a path to self-sufficiency .
These tasks can not be accomplished unilaterally -- multilateral cooperation is indispensable .
Even today , thanks to a variety of sophisticated means , we can detect very small nuclear tests in remote locations .
Reciprocity can be complex , but an evolutionary perspective has cleared the path to understanding , just the same way it did in the case of blood kinship and altruism .
If goodness is a problem , then the answer -- or at the least part of the answer -- can be found in evolutionary biology .
In the wake of the defeat of the EU 's Constitutional Treaty in France and the Netherlands this spring , many say that Europe 's decade-old promise can not and should not be kept .
As Argentina showed after its default and devaluation in the winter of 2001\/2002 , such a move can reignite exports and economic growth .
Because there is no current blueprint for this move , one can only speculate about what it would look like .
A country with sound public finances can thus become a fiscal basket case practically overnight .
Given the increasingly close financial and economic linkages between euro-zone members , rising government debt in even one EMU country can have serious consequences for all members , because no member state will allow another to default .
Monitoring external balances can be an effective tool to measure future default risks , since sustained current-account deficits lead to a growth in net foreign debt .
These new ties offer Latin America and the Caribbean both a new market and an example of how a dynamic economy can reduce poverty .
They are not directly censored , but they operate under the chilling knowledge that they can be shut down on vague charges at any moment .
But we can start with what exists , and by so doing create demand for the rest .
Civil-society groups do n't often run hospitals directly , but they can make their performance more transparent .
That alone can be useful .
With enough data , we can then figure out that the same `` disease '' is in fact a variety of different disorders , some susceptible to particular known treatments and some susceptible to others or simply incurable .
Companies such as Complete Genomics are developing software that can process the information .
Of course , spin , propaganda , and censorship persist in journalism , but with one big difference : Almost anyone can now operate as a reporter .
How can we ensure that these self-nominated reporters respect the truth ?
As the journalistic priesthood erodes and everyone can become a citizen reporter or commentator , regulating or training all would-be journalists is not the answer .
Governments can impose regulations , but in the end we will get the kind of journalism for which we ask .
We should not outlaw anonymity -LRB- which has its uses -RRB- , but we can ask for details about the people whose words we are reading .
Someone may legitimately want to remain anonymous , but we can draw our own conclusions about their reasons .
But , in this increasingly confusing world , we need to spend a little more time laboring to ensure our own intellectual integrity -- a task that we can not outsource to governments or even to media .
Facts are holy , but not all media that claim to report them , `` new '' or old , can be trusted .
To Google 's credit , if you Google that sentence , you can find reference to a debate on that claim that I took part in recently .
If you can use patterns in Google searches to track flu outbreaks and predict a movie 's commercial prospects , can you also use it to forecast market movements or even revolutions ?
In short , Google is changing expectations about what people can know -- even in the United States , where formal censorship is absent , but government obfuscation , opaque corporations , and the like are not .
Buyers and sellers can find one another , schoolchildren can find information needed for their homework , and sick people can find health information .
The data also need to be easy to manipulate so that third parties - whether commercial data services or journalists -- can create compelling and revealing visualizations .
A government CIO also needs to remind us that as wonderful as the Internet is , it is most useful to people who can read and write .
The CIO should not be the minister of education , but he or she can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments , grades , and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus .
Just as consumers can rate products , parents and students should be able to rate and provide feedback on the performance of individual teachers .
A government can do three major things : make -LRB- and enforce -RRB- laws , spend -LRB- or take -RRB- money , and inspire people .
Every country needs a CIO who can inspire its people with the power of information .
Now , you can usually find a Web site that will let you find out more and ask questions .
If an official meets with a lobbyist and is not ashamed of it , he can simply say so .
Voters can make their own judgments .
And if an official meets mostly with lobbyists , at the expense of other types of meetings , voters can make judgments about that , too .
Their tools can be used by anyone , in any country -- as long as they can get the data . With luck , the tools will foster demand for the data .
If we can increase security in general , then governments can focus on the real criminals .
A better approach is to view computer security as an issue of public health and economics , in which people can protect themselves but must pay for the costs they impose on others .
Users can still go where they want , but at least there are signposts warning that they are entering a dangerous neighborhood .
Google does this in its search results , working with StopBadware.org -LRB- I am an advisory board member -RRB- , and both Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer offer similar protections . In all cases , adventurous users or professionals can overcome the paternalism , but only by paying what amounts to liability insurance , for the risks they impose on the system .
The challenge is to acknowledge the costs -LRB- as we are now doing with pollution -RRB- and assign them to people who can -- and can be compelled to -- pay for them .
But ISPs ' costs also include warning people away from bad sites , which requires a due-process system to notify owners of compromised websites -- so that they can fix them or realize that they have been exposed .
Regardless of how the Libyan government eventually handles the LIA , all sovereign wealth funds -- and their advisers and fundraisers -- can learn several important lessons .
All SWFs can respond to global political events by quickly withdrawing funds invested abroad .
This model is being hailed internationally as a possible compromise formula for ending intractable conflicts where atrocities can not go unpunished but incentives must be found to disarm warring factions .
Only by defeating the FARC and eliminating its cocaine and heroin production through an eradication policy of crop spraying and subsidizing cash-crop alternatives , can he guarantee security to all Colombians .
Uribe 's second term brings the hope that two million of the country 's dispossessed and internally displaced can become proud stakeholders in Colombia 's now much brighter future .
The difficulties that EU governments face in managing the financial crisis are raising serious questions about whether national industrial policy and the Union 's competition rules can co-exist .
They probably can , but only if Europeans give up the political directives of yesteryear and instead promote innovation and more competitive environmental policies .
As a result , in a modernizing environment , doctors and engineers can find themselves in positions of religious authority , leading a Koran study group and interpreting scripture .
But , like right-wing Christians in the US , Islamists can be legitimate parts of a democratic political landscape .
Obviously , Microsoft owns its old software and can decide at what price to sell it -- or whether to sell it at all .
More subtly , Microsoft can control expectations , which turn out to be self-fulfilling when network economies are substantial , as they are in software markets .
Why buy a Windows machine when all your colleagues will own Macintoshes and can help you on them but not Windows , and when all the independent software developers will be programming for the Mac 's new Leopard operating system ?
Adding new features can speed the transition , but what is necessary is only that the new system be incompatible with existing systems in certain respects , and that a sufficient number of people expect that it will become the new standard .
As a result , Microsoft can not extract anything close to its full monopoly rents unless it sells upgrades .
So , by creating incompatibilities , some subtle and some obvious , that make its old software obsolete , Microsoft can sell its operating systems at high profit margins without fear that people will wait until the price drops .
A sustainable economic growth rate that helps reduce poverty and inequality can be achieved only with a skilled and innovative labor force .
Yet , despite this good news , the continent 's politics have turned upside down , calling into question whether economic success can be sustained .
Finally , they need to attain a rapid rate of productivity growth , which can be achieved only by ensuring a high-quality , broadly accessible educational system .
This is undoubtedly to the good , and necessary to the conduct of orderly democratic life ; but to those not used to it , the ability to combine enmity with bonhomie can seem counterintuitive .
The idea that you could treat political enemies jovially , and perhaps have a drink with them after hours -- or enter into a coalition government with them -- can seem not only unnatural , but even a bit indecent , in such circumstances .
But how far can the separation between person and politician be taken -- and to what extent do we really give it credence ?
In practice , few of us can manage to compartmentalize our perceptions -- and , perhaps , doing so would not be desirable .
G-20 chairs can have considerable influence .
With the United States , Europe , and Japan still suffering post-crisis hangovers , this issue can be safely left to the country that chairs the G-20 in 2011 .
In particular , there has been little action on issues like creating a cross-border resolution authority to deal with the failure of a large financial group , something that can only be done at the international level .
South Korea must therefore do everything it can to reinvigorate the debate .
Here , South Korea can propose an obvious solution .
Currently , other member states can provide assistance to Greece only by bending the rules , which prevent them from lending except in response to natural disasters or circumstances beyond a country 's control .
One can only hope .
China is finally prepared to let the renminbi resume its slow but steady upward march . We can now expect the renminbi to begin appreciating again , very gradually , against the dollar , as it did between 2005 and 2007 .
The Chinese economy is growing at potential : forecasts put the prospective rate for 2010 at 10 % ; the first-quarter flash numbers , at 11.9 % , show it expanding as fast as any economy can safely grow .
And if its exports grow more rapidly , they can allow the renminbi to rise .
Overheating having been avoided , the Chinese economy can keep motoring ahead at its customary 10 % annual pace .
Seeing the economy hurtling toward a brick wall , they are holding their collective breath , while evidence that the government is serious about stepping on the brake can induce them to exhale .
But they can reduce interest rates by eliminating the perceived risk of sovereign default . Banks will be able to borrow from one another for less , and thus able to lend to firms for less .
We can not make investors less greedy .
Unintended consequences can not always be prevented .
First , the notion that importers , exporters , and bond underwriters will want to use the same unit as other importers , exporters , and bond underwriters holds less weight in a world where everyone has a mobile phone that can compare currency values in real time .
Finally , the view that there can be just one international and reserve currency at any point in time is inconsistent with history .
They can adopt a longer time horizon , because , unlike private fund managers , they do not have to satisfy impatient investors .
Firms need stronger tax incentives for R&D . Productivity growth can be boosted by public investment in infrastructure , as illustrated by the 1930 's examples of the Hoover Dam and the Tennessee Valley Authority .
But , even if rapid productivity growth is possible under current circumstances , it can not be taken for granted .
There 's good reason to worry , for the experience of the 1930 's suggests that exchange-rate disputes can be even more dangerous than deep slumps in terms of generating protectionist pressures .
So what can be done to address the situation without getting into a beggar-thy-neighbor , retaliatory free-for-all ?
Fortunately , the Chinese government has a ready solution to this problem : that 's right , it can let its currency appreciate .
The same story can be told about other new industries like synthetic chemicals , dyestuffs , and telephony , in all of which Britain failed to establish a foothold .
Governments can offer a menu of new bonds worth some fraction of the value of their existing obligations .
Bondholders can be given a choice between par bonds with a face value equal to their existing bonds but a longer maturity and lower interest rate , and discount bonds with a shorter maturity and higher interest rate but a face value that is a fraction of existing bonds ' face value .
As a result , they have few skills that can be applied elsewhere if the job they expect fails to materialize .
One can argue that the worst is yet to come -- that there will be more inflation and unemployment down the road -- and that , when they come , the euro area will collapse .
There are limits to how quickly a country can reform .
A society can bear only so much pain and suffering before it loses faith in its political system .
But the process for issuing SDRs is cumbersome , and there are no private markets in which they can be traded .
The US debt-ceiling fiasco has raised doubts in the minds of central bankers about the advisability of holding dollars , while Europe 's failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis continues to fuel doubt that the euro can survive .
Why not develop markets in which they can be traded ? Is n't this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to move away from a world where the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank hold the supply of international liquidity in thrall ?
It is critical that leaders distinguish what must be done now from what can be left for later .
The French and German governments , which have budgetary room for maneuver , can do so on their own .
In the case of countries with poor fiscal positions , Europe 's rescue fund , the European Financial Stability Facility , can lend for this purpose .
If still more money is required , the International Monetary Fund can create a special facility , using its own resources and matching funds put up by Asian governments and sovereign wealth funds .
Again , help can come in any number of ways .
Creditors can agree to relax Greece 's fiscal targets .
The limp debt exchange agreed to in July can be thrown out and replaced by one that grants the country meaningful debt relief .
Other EU countries , led by France and Germany , can provide foreign aid .
Those who have spoken of a Marshall Plan for Greece can put their money where their mouths are .
Germany can cut taxes .
Until there is hope , however remote , that Greece can begin to grow again , the problem will not go away .
In September of that year , Bundesbank President Helmut Schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within Europe 's system of supposed stable exchange rates `` can not be ruled out . '' Schlesinger 's unguarded remarks signaled that the Bundesbank was not willing to do whatever it took to preserve the system -- a signal that encouraged investors to place massive bets against the British pound and Italian lira .
Unless yields on those bonds fall to German levels , there is no way that Italy 's debt arithmetic can be made to add up .
But structural reforms can not be accomplished overnight .
Those credits can be converted into dollars and other currencies at the Fund , and can be used in official transactions among IMF member countries . But they can not be used in the other transactions in which central banks and governments engage .
They can not be used to intervene in foreign-exchange markets , or in other transactions with market participants .
Central banks can buy and sell dollar securities without moving those markets .
At the moment , countries holding 85 % of IMF voting power must agree before SDRs can be issued , which is no recipe for liquidity .
The IMF 's management would also have to be empowered to decide on SDR issuance , just as the Fed can decide to offer currency swaps .
Indeed , the Obama administration and the Federal Reserve are doing all they can to pump up US spending .
If this view is correct , we can expect to see global imbalances re-emerge once the recession is over and to unwind only slowly thereafter .
US budget deficits as far as the eye can see might excite fear of losses on US Treasury bonds .
This means that no single country can block action , in contrast to the IMF executive board , which makes decisions by consensus , giving large countries like the United States de facto veto power .
These dilemmas can be finessed by giving both surveillance responsibilities and the actual power to disburse funds to an independent board insulated from national politics .
The idea that the US can grow out of its debt burden , as did Finland and Sweden following their financial crises in the 1990 's , seems unrealistic .
If there is going to be more aggregate demand , it can come from only one place .
China can purchase more industrial machinery , transport equipment , and steelmaking material , which are among its leading imports from the US .
Only by working together can the two countries lead the world economy out of its current doldrums .
The IMF has moved in this direction by creating a Short-Term Liquidity Facility through which countries with strong policies can draw from the Fund up to five times their quota without conditionality .
But when large economies whose currencies are used internationally need more resources , they can just print more money .
But , as the sub-prime mortgage debacle reminds us , large countries ' policies can place the global financial system at risk .
There can be no more mincing of words .
What emerging markets can add to this agenda is , to put it charitably , unclear .
They can argue that this is not their problem -- that the crisis of the last two years has been centered in the advanced economies , and that it is these countries ' financial systems that need to be fixed .
After the common currency 's first decade , however , increased divergence , rather than rapid convergence , has become the norm within the euro area , and tensions can be expected to increase further .
Of course , governments can slash their expenditure and increase taxes to balance their budgets , or at least to embark on a path leading in that direction , as the hotly debated example of Greece has shown .
In the absence of some miraculous improvement in productivity growth of the same order as the Internet or globalization , the world can expect a lengthy period of low growth and exceedingly difficult fiscal consolidation .
The compromise reached at Nice four years ago is important because it contains , among other provisions , all the technicalities of voting balances and power sharing among EU institutions that must be firmly in place before the Union can admit new members .
Without it , the accession candidates can not be invited this December to join the Union , as promised in Copenhagen ten years ago .
But the fundamental consequences of the upcoming referendum for Europe need to be clearly impressed upon Irish voters , so that no one can later claim that they did not know what was at stake .
The Irish people must be brought to understand that if they can not accept the Nice Treaty , nor can they block it .
A new No vote can lead to only one outcome : Ireland 's departure from the institutions of the EU , one way or another .
Their decision must be respected . But they can not be allowed to stop the enlargement process .
The private sector alone can not and will not counter the risk of stall speed .
In effect , the political system would again be kicking the can down the road , with real progress on necessary fiscal reforms expected only after the November 2012 presidential election .
How can the European Central Bank , a Germanic institution , now be in the business of buying government bonds issued by five of its 17 members ?
And the question then becomes whether the crew of the struggling rescue vessel will decide that they can stabilize the situation only through a once-unthinkable action -- throwing someone overboard to lighten the vessel and save the rest .
Markets understand that the ECB can not forever substitute for other government agencies , so they repeatedly call into question its bridging strategy .
Only chaos-lovers wish for such an outcome , but it is possible if core governments continue to hesitate in engaging their balance sheets ; if peripheral governments abandon their fiscal-reform efforts ; and\/or if societies can no longer tolerate economic stagnation , high and rising unemployment , and budget austerity .
You can add this to the list of previously unthinkable things that we have witnessed lately .
On the one hand , they can compensate for the global weakness by turbo-charging their own internal demand through aggressive fiscal stimulus .
On the other hand , these economies can opt for greater self-insurance .
Having put yourself in their position for a moment , can you blame them ?
If the Greeks can not see that , their partners must let them know that there is a price for their obstructive behavior .
If you want to open `` new chapters '' in relations between old adversaries , you can not simply close `` old chapters '' by denying or suppressing history .
You can not build lasting future relations between countries that have each in their own way suffered so much , without coming to terms with the past .
The Danish philosopher Soren Kierkegaard put his finger on one of the more fundamental problems : `` Life must be lived forwards -- but can only be understood backwards '' .
So how can Turkey under these conditions maintain confidence in the EU 's fairness ?
Therefore , the recent lack of progress in Turkey 's reform process can to a large extent be explained by the EU 's behavior .
But , by using its energy resources and recovered confidence to fuel instability and discord , it is seeking to expand its sphere of interest -- an outcome that can be averted only by a unanimous and determined EU response .
So 2001 can be a crucial year in the never-ending story of the creation of a new and better Europe .
The driving force , however , can only be an understanding that EU enlargement must be regarded as a win-win situation for all countries involved directly or indirectly - including Russia .
So Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania can not be regarded as special Russian `` spheres of influence '' requiring Russian assent for membership in either the EU or NATO .
A recent study presented at the Baltic Development Forum suggested that , if Poland and the three Baltic countries become EU members in 2003 and continue their efforts to catch up economically with the rest of the Union , annual growth in their GDP can be 2-4 % higher than the EU-average .
But private business can only meet that challenge if governments are prepared to remove the many barriers that exist to growth and free trade .
The importance of seizing this opportunity can not be overstated .
Every day names can be put on the anonymous body bags , and a decent burial can take place .
So long as General Mladic and his henchmen do not join Mr. Milosevic in The Hague , we can not believe that the FRY really belongs in the company of democratic European states in respect to the rule of law .
Membership in the international community can not be given away at a discount .
NATO 's enlargement makes it crystal clear that no country in the new Europe can be regarded as part of another country 's `` zone . ''
Such a grand project can be achieved if the political will exists and asserts itself .
The defense treaties concluded recently by France and the United Kingdom appear to be a good example of what can be obtained through greater cooperation and integration -- even though it is a strictly bilateral affair with no direct links to either NATO or the European Union .
After all , can anyone imagine French sailors eating `` spotted dick '' or any other culinary peculiarity of the Royal Navy ?
Political leaders will have to tell their constituents that there are limits to how much military budgets can be cut , as the `` peace dividend '' from the Cold War 's end was digested long ago .
President Chirac 's self-appointed role as an expert in diplomatic good behavior can not be taken seriously , even by those of us who know -LRB- and love -RRB- France .
Like King Lear after he lost his kingdom , there is nothing France can do about its lost influence but rage impotently .
How can you possibly expect a country such as , say , France to accept being voted down by its EU partners on vital foreign and security policy issues ?
The history of Franco-German reconciliation is impressive indeed . But it can no longer be taken for granted that other EU countries will automatically ratify the agreements that they reach between themselves as the lodestar for common policies .
The letter from the eight European leaders -- and the later statement from the `` Vilnius Ten '' group of Central and Eastern European countries -- demonstrated that France -LRB- and Germany -RRB- can not dictate a European agenda that creates transatlantic rifts .
If sex reassignment surgery can relieve a person 's suffering , then the question of whether or not it is treating a conventionally defined illness seems beside the point .
The more people who are persuaded that they have a disorder that can be medicated , the more medication the company can sell .
He even employed this phrase in his final State of the Union address in 2008 , saying that `` Our message to the people of Iran is clear : We have no quarrel with you ... Our message to the leaders of Iran is also clear : Verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment , so negotiations can begin . ''
Bill Clinton promised on the eve of the bombing of Serbia that `` I can not emphasize too strongly that the United States has no quarrel with the Serbian people . ''
The legacy of 1989 echoes even in Iran , whose leaders seem clearly to have learned from Tiananmen Square and the collapse of the Iron Curtain that a committed government can , indeed , demobilize a public demanding reform .
But government spending on goods and services , like education , highways , police , and sanitation , has distributional consequences , too , and can be allocated to actual beneficiaries in much the same way as government transfers .
If these packages target education -LRB- very redistributive -RRB- or sanitation , fire , police , and highways -LRB- mildly redistributive -RRB- , they can create jobs and reduce inequality .
Even if Google does ultimately leave China , the game is not over . Western companies can promote Internet freedom from the outside , by providing useful technology as well as the keys to access it .
Twitter , which lets people send bite-size messages to large groups , allows Chinese to quickly disseminate urgent news or even uncomfortable facts . `` Twitter can create a faster information flow than any official agency , '' says Michael Anti , a journalist in Beijing who has long been at the forefront of the Chinese Internet movement .
Government can also play a role in empowering Chinese netizens .
If the fact that we are the only human species left on earth is the result of an historical accident rather than Darwinian competition , we can open our minds and accept that we share some of our `` culture '' with both our living and no longer living relatives .
Low-income countries can develop democracy , but they have a tough time maintaining it .
Practically everything that a Russian citizen can find in a supermarket , including the supermarket itself , is produced or imported by private firms .
You can not deceive people about growth ; they feel the weight of their pockets better than anyone else .
But you can manipulate their understanding of it : who are the authors of growth , the Khodorkovskys or the Putins ?
Since the pacification of Chechnya with violence and subsidies , the incarceration or emigration of a few financially viable opponents , and the massive `` social investments '' of recent years , which , under Medvedev 's personal supervision , have bribed the population , no credible force can seriously challenge Putin 's men .
And Putin can not avoid responsibility .
With 23,000 nuclear weapons -LRB- equivalent to 150,000 Hiroshimas -RRB- still in existence , more than 7,000 of them actively deployed , and more than 2,000 still on dangerously high launch-on-warning alert , we can not assume that our luck will hold indefinitely .
But there are a number of major contributions that less powerful states and leaders , as well as civil-society organizations , can make .
Carbon dioxide can also kill us , but not as quickly as bombs .
Only negotiated agreement on all of the critical outstanding issues -- boundary definition , Jerusalem , security guarantees for Israel , and refugees -- can do that .
The ICC is not a kangaroo court , and allegations without substance can be expected to be treated accordingly .
It is crucial in this context that RtoP advocates continue to emphasize that coercive military force can be contemplated only in the most extreme and exceptional circumstances .
The first reason is concern that Israel will perceive the existence of one or two Iranian bombs as an existential threat , demanding a pre-emptive military attack -- with or without US support , but in either case with resources that Iran knows it can not match .
But , just as we can not afford to underestimate the forces of extremism that persist there , we also fail at our peril to comprehend the currents of restraint and good sense that run within the country , including at high policymaking levels .
No state can abdicate the responsibility to protect its own people from crimes against humanity , let alone justify perpetrating such crimes itself .
Not even the most passionate advocate of the responsibility to protect can pretend otherwise .
True , one or more of these results might , conceivably , be the effect of permissible military action , but they can not be its objective .
Of course , a close watch should be maintained , so that enforcement action under Resolution 1973 can be very quickly reinstated .
When states preach virtues they do not practice , or set lower hurdles for allies , trading partners , or co-religionists than they do for others , irritation and non-cooperation are the least they can expect .
What credence can the responsibility to protect have when we know that however bad things get in Tibet , Xinjiang , or the Northern Caucasus , military action against China or Russia will always be off limits ?
When our common humanity is under threat , even if we ca n't do everything we should , should n't we at least do what we can ?
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
So long as nuclear weapons remain , states can justify maintaining a minimum nuclear-deterrent capability .
But that can be done without weapons on high alert , and with drastically reduced arsenals in the case of the US and Russia , and , at worst , at current levels for the other nuclear-armed states .
The third message is that if the existing nuclear powers sincerely want to prevent others from joining their club , they can not keep justifying the possession of nuclear weapons as a means of protection for themselves or their allies against other weapons of mass destruction , especially biological weapons , or conventional weapons .
What is clear in all of these cases is that the stakes are so high that it simply can not be left to the judgment of WikiLeaks and media outlets to make the necessary calls without consulting relevant officials .
They do leave bruises and generate tensions that are bound to undermine the confidence and frankness with which individuals interrelate , which can sometimes impede effective cooperative decision-making .
Such leaks are also bound to lead governments to place a higher premium on information generated by covert intelligence-gathering , which is generally less leak-prone , but usually of much lower quality -- as I can personally attest , having once been responsible for Australia 's main secret services .
Taming Bigotry MELBOURNE -- At a time when the horrific events in Norway remind us how much murderous bigotry there still is in the world , perhaps a story from the other side of it can restore a little optimism that some positive , historically significant , changes in attitude really are occurring .
Casual racism -- disparaging remarks made about other ethnic and national groups around the workplace , or over the bar or the family dinner table -LRB- as I can well remember growing up in the 1950 's -RRB- -- had become much less prevalent in Australian private life , and certainly wholly absent from public life , by the 1990 's .
Europe has been unifying gradually for 50 years now , and we can reasonably look forward to further inter-continental cooperation and integration , not least because of scientific and technological developments .
At the same time , we can expect a growing Atlantic community as successive rounds of trade liberalization make it easier to develop a free-trade area between the EU and the United States .
But , of course , this can only function smoothly if exchange-rate fluctuations between its members ' currencies have been eliminated .
But if the fluctuations can be `` ironed out , '' as John Maynard Keynes put it , total economic efficiency can be improved .
American companies can not compete with these countries either . So no new jobs would be added in the US , but the inflation rate would increase .
If the US dollar needs to devalue because of fundamental disequilibrium in the US economy , the problems can not be fixed by lowering the dollar 's value alone .
Moreover , one can easily imagine that import demand would soar further if the US and the European Union lifted their bans on exports of high-tech products to China .
Such a single-factor situation is easier to deal with than the double-factor situation of 2004 , and because the high investment demand has been mainly stimulus-related this time , policymakers can handle it in a more timely fashion if they perceive a problem .
Economic theory holds that all crises are caused by bubbles or over-heating , so if you can manage to prevent bubbles , you can prevent crises .
The same logic can be applied to the US economy , but in the opposite way : even if the US wants to consume a lot and does not save , it may not run trade deficits if it does not invest much .
But this can and should be addressed by domestic policies aimed at bringing about structural change , not by external policies like exchange-rate appreciation .
But a township in Guangdong province can easily serve a population of 500,000 to one million -- larger than that of many cities outside of China .
But in modern industrial , urban , and market-based societies , what may matter increasingly are transport costs , which means that geography can cause deep regional inequalities .
Of course , the government 's efforts alone can not entice industrial investors to `` go West , '' because public infrastructure spending can not overcome all problems .
Without a road , you can not transport resources and finished goods .
But , even with a road , you still must pay for tolls , gasoline , fleet maintenance , and other costs -- and it can still take five days to get your goods to the coast if you want to export .
This is the labor that flows in the opposite direction , from west to east , promoting the only economic equality a country can ever achieve -- equality of per capita income , not of GDP .
But I believe that other factors are also essential One-factor mobility may work well in a theoretical model , but in the dynamic real world , if the income gap can not be narrowed rapidly enough , conditions that serve to enlarge the gap -- such as unfavorable geography -- may come to dominate .
As a result , the income of almost 70 % of the labor force can not increase as fast as their labor productivity , and average household income thus can not grow as fast as the economy as a whole .
The best a government plan can do is to prevent the worst .
But in China , where farmers make up 30-35 % of the labor force and 70 % of the population falls into low-income categories , government can play only a marginal role .
Money used by commercial banks to satisfy the RRR , which is held in accounts at the PBC , can no longer be extended as loans .
And , while inflation is a concern -- having risen to 4.4 % year on year in October , from 3.6 % in September -- this can not explain why the PBC raised the RRR three times earlier this year , when inflation was lower .
This may result in `` extra reserves , '' which commercial banks can not use to extend their credit lines .
As a result , Chinese commercial banks can operate longer with a higher RRR than their counterparts elsewhere .
Yes , further revaluation of the exchange rate is needed , but this can play only a secondary role .
Households can keep this entitlement for the term of the lease -LRB- now 30 years -RRB- , but they do not have a property right in the land itself .
If rural workers have financial difficulties , which in other countries often lead to land sales , they can work harder to find other jobs or seek government help .
But land can never be sold or mortgaged , and its use can not be changed from farming to other commercial purposes without government permission .
This peculiar arrangement has generated an important result : if migrant workers lose their urban jobs , they retain some income from their land lease and can return to their village and reclaim the land -LRB- normally within one year -RRB- .
Announcing the abolition of the hukou system might be easy , but it would mean little without institutions that can cushion the risks faced by rural migrant workers in China 's cities .
But , step-by-step , it can and must be done .
After all , most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries , let alone countries in the Far East , really work .
Indeed , protectionism can do nothing to reduce America 's trade deficit and stanch domestic unemployment .
There can be no underestimating the scale of the human devastation wrought by Asia 's horrific tsunamis .
Asia 's current share of global GDP -LRB- about 38 % -RRB- is still far from what it was in 1820 , but both countries feel that they can -- and must -- participate in calling the global shots .
In contrast to the emergence of the West in the nineteenth century , which proved such an economic disaster for most of Asia , the continent 's re-emergence can have an immensely positive effect on the twenty-first century 's global economy , including , needless to say , the West .
This crisis , too , can be a stepping-stone for a long-term political solution involving all parties in the Middle East .
Likewise , influential groups such as Hamas , the legitimate winner of the Palestinian elections , can not be eliminated by military force , however powerful , nor exorcised by decree .
Nonetheless , there can be a diplomatic process with rights and obligations .
This policy of inclusion rather than exclusion is based on political pragmatism and the belief that this carnage can and must stop .
Resources impose an upper bound on what ultimately can be produced ; thus , it is the relevant concept for determining the likely dates of peak production and ultimate exhaustion .
Recent studies suggest that adult male circumcision can be a promising prevention strategy , if properly and hygienically performed and accompanied by appropriate counseling and post-surgical care .
But our ultimate goal is to develop a vaccine that can prevent HIV infection .
Moreover , any inadequately treated TB becomes multi-drug resistant , so that treatment failure can be either cause or consequence of MDR-TB .
The good news is that we already know many of the policies and technologies that can deliver substantial savings in energy consumption and CO2 emissions .
Clear price signals , including carbon pricing , are crucial , and many non-OECD countries , in addition to needing financial support to help reduce their greenhouse gas emissions , can benefit from the removal of fuel subsidies .
Governments can create incentives to innovate , encourage research , and break down international barriers .
It is easy to imagine disasters so severe that drastic action to prevent them would be reasonable , and advocates of drastic action can easily scare the public with imagined disasters .
The problem is that the principle can not be applied consistently .
Our resources are limited , and so are the costs we can pay for remedial actions .
The so-called `` food crisis '' of 2008 was not really a crisis in the sense of a condition that can be resolved by the quick application of emergency measures .
Citizens of many urbanized , developed countries have grown nostalgic , increasingly convinced that organic farming , a throwback to nineteenth-century agriculture , produces nutritionally superior food -LRB- it does n't -RRB- and can solve the world 's food problems -LRB- it ca n't -RRB- .
Second , since the US has a large trade deficit that can only be cured by a more competitive dollar -LRB- while the euro-zone countries collectively have a trade surplus -RRB- , investors expect a trend decline in the dollar .
Although individual foreign investors can sell the dollar securities that they own , they can only sell them to other foreign investors .
A cap-and-trade system can cause serious risks to international trade .
The higher interest rate will reduce the level of business investment and residential construction until they can be financed with the smaller volume of national saving plus the reduced capital inflows .
More specifically , the rising unemployment rate , along with the large number of employees on involuntary part-time work , has increased the number of people who can not afford their monthly mortgage payments .
If a homeowner stops making mortgage payments , the creditor can take the property but can not take other assets or a fraction of wages .
But the unemployment rate could be over 9 % -- and possibly even more than 10 -- when it begins to act . If so , can we really expect Congress not to object ?
While the fiscal stimulus packages enacted in the past two years have been helpful in achieving the current rise in economic activity , the path of future deficits can do substantial damage to long-run growth .
Add to this the pledge not to raise taxes on anyone earning less than $ 250,000 and you have a recipe for large fiscal deficits as long as this president can serve .
Once the Chinese are confident about their domestic growth rate , they can allow the real value of the renminbi to rise .
But anyone who recalls what the American and British economies were like before Reagan and Thatcher , and who knows the changes that they introduced , must also recognize that the world can not go back .
And investors with smaller dollar holdings , who can shift to other currencies much more easily than the Chinese , are right to ask themselves whether they should be diversifying into non-dollar assets -- or even shunning the dollar completely .
Large budget deficits have led to high inflation in countries that are forced to create money to finance those deficits because they can not sell longer-term government bonds .
Looking forward , investors can protect themselves against inflation in the US by buying Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities -LRB- TIPS -RRB- , which index interest and principal payments to offset the rise in the consumer price level .
And , with the euro down significantly relative to many other currencies over the past year , Europe 's trade balance can increase further in the months ahead .
But the eurozone can increase its inflow of foreign capital only if it has a current-account deficit , i.e. , if it increases its imports relative to its exports .
In the end , Greece , the eurozone 's other members , and Greece 's creditors will have to accept that the country is insolvent and can not service its existing debt .
CAMBRIDGE -- The crisis in Greece and the debt problems in Spain and Portugal have exposed the euro 's inherent flaws . No amount of financial guarantees -- much less rhetorical reassurance -- from the European Union can paper them over .
And when a country with excessive fiscal deficits needs to raise taxes and cut government spending , as Greece clearly does now , the resulting contraction of GDP and employment can not be reduced by a devaluation that increases exports and reduces imports .
But such a strategy can work only in countries where the duration of the government 's debt is long and the interest rate on that debt is fixed .
In the current situation , the US can not reduce the real value of its government debt significantly by indulging in a bout of inflation , because the average maturity on existing debt is very short -- only about four years .
And does n't Japan 's persistent deflation since the early 1990 's also show that , once it begins , deflation can not be reversed by a policy of easy money or fiscal deficits ?
Unfortunately , you can not tell from the forecasts .
There is a distribution of possible growth rates , and the forecaster is telling us just one of the outcomes that he can contemplate .
Investors in the US and other countries can not buy either renminbi or renminbi-denominated bonds in the way that they can buy other currencies .
That reduction in potential deficits and debt can by itself give a boost to the economy in 2011 by calming fears that an exploding national debt would eventually force the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates -- perhaps sharply if foreign buyers of US Treasuries suddenly became frightened by the deficit prospects .
A country with a flexible currency can achieve that by allowing the exchange rate to depreciate .
In that case , wages in the rest of the eurozone can rise by 4 % a year .
But if productivity in Greece rises at just 1 % , Greek wages can increase at only 3 % .
Ever since the Greek crisis began , the country has shown that it can not solve its problems as the IMF and the European Commission had hoped .
A temporary leave of absence from the eurozone would allow Greece to achieve a price-level decline relative to other eurozone countries , and would make it easier to adjust the relative price level if Greek wages can not be limited .
This creates a strong incentive to default , because mortgages in the US are effectively non-recourse loans : the creditor may take the property if the borrower does n't pay , but can not take other assets or a portion of wage income .
The Chinese can reasonably worry about that after seeing the dollar fall 10 % relative to the euro in the past year -- and substantially more against other currencies .
But China can not reduce the volume of such bonds while it is running a large current-account surplus .
Negative equity is significant because mortgages in the United States are generally `` no recourse '' loans . If a homeowner defaults , creditors can take the house , but they can not take other property or income to make up any unpaid balance .
We can not be sure about how much further house prices will fall .
Many homeowners who can afford to make their mortgage payments will choose to default , move to rental housing , and wait to purchase until house prices have declined further .
Until house prices stabilize , these securities can not be valued with any confidence .
And that means that the financial institutions that own them can not have confidence in the liquidity or solvency of potential counterparties -- or even in the value of their own capital .
If Greece leaves the euro after it defaults , it can devalue its new currency , thereby stimulating demand and shifting eventually to a trade surplus .
So European politicians hope that by showing that even Greece can avoid default , private markets will gain enough confidence in the viability of Italy and Spain to continue lending to their governments at reasonable rates and financing their banks .
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain 's banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices , or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures , requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees .
Likewise , two years could provide time for Italy to demonstrate whether it can achieve a balanced budget .
So , in two years , we can expect a debate about whether budget balance has then been achieved on a cyclically adjusted basis .
If Spain and Italy do look sound enough at the end of two years , European political leaders can allow Greece to default without fear of dangerous contagion .
Reducing tax expenditures while lowering marginal tax rates can produce substantial revenue by increasing the level of taxable income .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
When an economy is closer to full employment , government borrowing to finance budget deficits can crowd out private investment that would raise productivity and the standard of living .
To be sure , an improvement in the currently dysfunctional financial system will allow banks and other financial institutions to start lending to borrowers who want to spend but can not get credit today .
The government can directly affect wage levels in these firms , thereby altering the general wage level in the economy .
This is exacerbated by the fact that borrowers can deduct only nominal interest payments when calculating their taxable income .
Because the US Federal Reserve and other central banks have driven their short-term interest rates close to zero , they can not lower rates further in order to prevent deflation from raising the real rate of interest .
The resulting unusual economic environment of falling prices and wages can also have a damaging psychological impact on households and businesses .
If the central bank can not lower interest rates further to stimulate the economy , what will stop a potential downward spiral of prices ?
The old-style right , with its fascist ancestry , lingers on . But , as the failure of the Front National in France shows , it can not break through from posturing to power .
The old right can hardly compete ; but the establishment can hardly cope .
So the EU can never be safe from a rising right .
The Swiss government 's careful evaluation of this approach demonstrated that heroin-assisted therapy is both feasible and cost-effective , and that it can bring patients significant health improvements . Moreover , it contributed to a startling drop in drug-related crime .
From this perspective , every step that brings us closer to the EU is also a step towards resolving this so-called `` frozen conflict '' -- perhaps the only European secessionist conflict that can be solved through EU soft power alone .
There can no longer be any reasonable doubt that Iran 's ambition is to obtain nuclear weapons capability .
The Iranian regime 's analysis might prove a dangerous miscalculation , because it is likely to lead sooner rather than later to a `` hot '' confrontation that Iran simply can not win .
But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran .
These two apparently contradictory interests can be reconciled and translated into a common strategy by adopting a three-pronged approach based on efficient isolation , effective containment , and direct negotiations .
The UN simply can not solve Kosovo 's structural problems , namely the need to develop a viable economy and to begin engagement with the EU -- the most powerful motor for reform and economic development in the region .
And only a united EU can bring Russia on board for a harmonized policy towards the Balkans .
This means that the EU can not leave Serbia to its own devices , either .
But the price of the EU 's support can not be changed : the major war criminals Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic must be delivered to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in The Hague .
Although it would be best if these options were adopted by the UN Security Council , the EU itself can and must act to increase the costs to the Sudanese government of its continued obstruction of aid deliveries and its delaying tactics on deployment of international peacekeepers .
Still , German Chancellor Angela Merkel can be proud of what was achieved .
Only a strong Europe can provide the necessary counterweight .
Above all , the European Union and its member states can not allow Russia to recapture its imperial spheres of influence without severely damaging its own central interests .
If the US followed its national interests , it would withdraw from Iraq as soon as possible , because the war can no longer be won .
But the US can not withdraw without sending the entire region into chaos .
Indeed , US military withdrawal from Iraq can be accomplished without causing a major regional catastrophe only if America manages to establish such a minimum of regional stability .
This will require a regional consensus that only the US can bring about .
Only this can make a withdrawal of US troops from Iraq realistic in the foreseeable future .
Such decoupling can occur only if we do away with the illusion that pollution is cost-free .
We can no longer get away with subsidizing economic growth and standards of living at the expense of the global environment .
This generational change is accelerated by a third development . At the top international level , soccer has become faster and more athletic , and the top teams can shrink space on the field more effectively .
Indeed , both men hope for political survival through a peace agreement : Olmert by means of new elections and Abbas by a referendum through which he can regain ascendancy over Hamas .
Yet a mechanism of this kind can only work if a third party -LRB- the US , the `` US plus , '' or the Middle East Quartet -RRB- is available to monitor the agreement .
Objectively strong , subjectively infirm -- that is how the EU 's present condition can be described .
There is one certainty that Europeans can take home from the US election campaign even today : with a more multilaterally oriented US foreign policy , Europe wo n't be riding comfortably in the US world-political slipstream much longer .
In the medium term , modernity is indivisible : you can have all of it or none .
The deep technological and social changes unleashed by the forces of modernity create tensions that , in the end , can not be resolved without appropriate normative and institutional responses .
In handling nuclear risks , however , we can hardly get away with such childlike behavior .
Today , the old Middle East can still be found in Syria , Egypt , Yemen , Tunisia , Algeria , and Fatah-controlled Palestine .
A Shi'a government in Baghdad , dominated by Iran , would , in the medium term , threaten Saudi Arabia 's territorial integrity -- a scenario that the Saudis can not , and will not , accept .
Whether Iraq can be held together despite the ethnic and religious confrontations that pit Kurds against Arabs and Sunnis against the Shi'a is one of the most pregnant questions for the new Middle East .
No matter what desperate rescue efforts will be undertaken , they can not hide the fact that the European Union has left the world stage as a serious foreign policy player for at least ten years -LRB- if not for much longer -RRB- .
Neither by cajoling nor by beating can a donkey be turned into a racehorse , unless one is secretly satisfied with the donkey .
The process of enlargement will either be delayed or stopped completely , because the EU can no longer admit new members on the basis of the `` Nice constitution . ''
These crucial questions can only be answered by the practical test of negotiations , this time with direct American participation .
The inherent contradiction between a governance structure incapable of change and economic modernization , between cultural and religious conservatism and social and normative transformation , will therefore increase and bring about new , additional frictions if positive answers to these fundamental changes can not be found .
And Europe can help the Middle East -- its neighboring region -- achieve this strategic objective .
Whether the consequences of this development will be good or bad depends on whether the region can muster the foresight and strength actively to shape this process .
We have gained time and can take a deep breath -- no more and no less .
Even a global depression can not be excluded in the face of this fundamental crisis .
Only the EU can protect the interests of all Europeans -- including those outside the euro zone and even outside the EU .
After all , if the crisis in financial markets continues and combines with a dramatic slump in the real economy , the EU could quickly be at risk if it can not respond politically .
If Europeans can not get their heads around the fact that the nineteenth century is over , the global caravan will continue to move forward into the twenty-first century without them .
Due to its geopolitical position and its potential , however , Russia will remain a permanent strategic factor in Europe and Asia that can not be ignored .
That particular piece of wisdom referred to the situation of companies in an economic crisis . But it can also be applied to countries and economies .
Of course , at the end of the London summit , the assembled leaders will agree on a joint statement , because nobody can afford failure .
Obama has just been elected for four years , and his political fate depends on whether he can engineer an economic recovery .
Only a miracle can save him .
But Merkel will do whatever she can to avoid committing herself prematurely , and the London summit is much too early .
While a distraught world is still trying to fathom the consequences of this global crash and to mitigate its impact , the call of the next black swan can already be heard : the global climate disaster .
But , in fact , by linking the answers to the global climate and economic crises , we can find a way out of both .
But , while references to the Great Depression are justified , the lesson of that crisis , and of the New Deal , is that effective programs can at best cushion the fall and bring about stabilization .
The question of whether to use coal or nuclear power is simply no longer apposite : without a breakthrough in renewable energies , global energy demand can not be met , not to mention the dangers of a new Chernobyl .
Where this will lead the world can be seen even today : China already has the world 's most ambitious scheme for expanding nuclear energy , and every year it builds coal-fired power plants whose electricity output is roughly equivalent to the capacity of the entire British power grid !
Only the rich industrial nations of Europe , America , and Japan can afford to pay for the necessary investments in emerging countries .
Rather , 20 years after the fall of the Berlin wall , the reunited Germany is beginning to realize that it can also act alone .
It is a strategic illusion of the large member states that they can defend their own status without this stolid entity called Europe .
After all , can Germany really afford to let the EU 's enlargement into Eastern Europe fail ?
To ask these questions -- and many more -- is to answer them : only a strong , substantially more integrated EU can manage all this .
In fact , they can have powerful consequences .
Yet only a government of the Israeli right can end the expansion of the settlements , and only Hamas can stop the violence against Israel .
This may seem impossible from today 's perspective , but appearances can deceive .
Today 's flux in the Middle East is a highly ambivalent affair , because the situation can improve or -LRB- more likely -RRB- deteriorate .
Economically , Russia has turned into a commodity exporter , dependant on the imponderables of the global energy market , while simultaneously dreaming that it can use energy as a tool to revise the post-Soviet order in its neighborhood .
But if it turns toward the past in looking for its future , and if it believes it can dispense with investments in the future in favor of shameless personal self-enrichment , it will continue to lose ground .
All this can not be taken for granted in Eastern Europe .
So the future of this big country is of great importance to Europe ; in view of its own interests , therefore , Europe can not afford an emotionally frustrated reaction .
Nevertheless , the European Union can neither allow Greece to slide into national bankruptcy nor hand it over to the International Monetary Fund , since other euro-zone members -- namely , Portugal , Spain , and Italy -- would probably be next in line to be attacked by the financial markets .
Such criticism disregards two important differences : first , unlike China , Germany , as a member of the eurozone , can not undervalue its currency .
But , in view of the current situation , we can safely ignore these .
As the big economic and political winner of the eurozone , Germany , in particular , can not let a serious crisis of confidence threaten the European project , because nearly two-thirds of its exports go to the EU .
You can only shake your head at the decline in Germans ' historical awareness , given that neither Thatcher nor Bismarck has ever been a role model for Germany 's European policy , and for good reason ! Neither of them thought much , if anything , of European integration .
To what extent the EU can take this strain , only time will tell .
In view of the serious risks that Europe has assumed , in full awareness of the consequences , it is of the utmost importance that a European `` Grand Strategy '' for the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East be developed , so that Europe can calmly and clearly define its interests .
So , Obama 's policy towards Iran will prove to be a test of whether the US , as a world power , can defend its interests more successfully by returning to diplomacy and multilateralism , thereby dissociating itself from the belligerent unilateralism of the previous Bush administration .
The US under George W. Bush successfully destabilized Iraq and increased Iran 's influence there , and the question of whether and how Iraq can maintain its stability without US military presence remains open .
Without the support of China and India , America 's Middle East policy can no longer succeed , but this support is only granted half-heartedly -- if at all .
But we need to ask ourselves where and how the energies unleashed by this crisis will be discharged , because there can be no doubt that they will be discharged one way or another .
Turkey 's `` no '' to new sanctions against Iran in all likelihood will prove to be a significant error , unless Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an can deliver a real turnaround in Iran 's nuclear policy .
The West , as well as Israel and Turkey themselves , most certainly can not afford a permanent rupture between the two states , unless the desired outcome is for the region to continue on its path to lasting destabilization .
China as a Superpower YALTA -- Given its rapid and successful development , there can be no doubt that the People 's Republic of China will become one of the dominant global powers of the twenty-first century .
One can not shake the impression that the European soul of this government is devoured by angst .
The more the EU is forced by Germany to become a union rooted in `` stability , '' the more pressing it will become for eurozone countries that can not conform to the new , stricter rules to receive some sort of financial compensation .
It is , after all , unrealistic to assume that all members can profit to the same extent from this hard-line approach ; that is not achievable even among the 16 federal German states .
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
But the fundamental change of strategy within Germany 's European policy can no longer be overlooked .
The belief that stability can be achieved with technocratic rules , regulations , and sanctioning mechanisms alone in a eurozone whose economies are diverging will prove to be misguided .
How can these far-reaching aims be achieved within the eurozone -LRB- together with non-eurozone EU members that want to join in -RRB- ?
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
Moreover , the country 's strategic situation is deteriorating with each passing year , because the global redistribution of power and influence from the West to the East can only weaken Israel 's position .
Israel can not afford a second Gaza in the West Bank and East Jerusalem ; for the Palestinians , a state with an ongoing Israeli military presence would be worthless .
Whatever mistakes Europe may have made vis-à-vis the region 's authoritarian regimes in the past , it can now correct them by providing decisive help .
Tunisia 's revolution is a unique historical opportunity , and the EU 's stake in the outcome can hardly be overestimated .
Also , can China really permit strong sanctions against its neighbor , a regime fighting for survival , one equipped with nuclear arms and missiles , and a humanitarian disaster of the highest order among its population ?
Just how credible and effective can sanctions be ?
A number of small and mid-sized powers will now ask themselves a radically new question : if North Korea can be a nuclear power , why not us ?
If in these times of militarily-accomplished regime change real sovereignty can only be guaranteed by nuclear arms , why not go this route ?
Moreover , only new strides towards disarmament by the big nuclear powers , and a guarantee of access to technology and know-how under international control , can stop the trend toward `` nuclear sovereignty . ''
Iraq is a disaster , and nothing indicates that the situation can be turned around .
The West can no longer continue with Realpolitik as usual .
There can be no return to the status quo ante .
All I can say is that I feel ashamed for this failure of the German government and -- unfortunately -- also for the leaders of the red and green opposition parties who at first applauded this scandalous mistake !
But , given the alternative -- a bloodbath unleashed by Qaddafi to reestablish his control over Libya -- this can not be a serious alternative to action .
Of all countries , Germany -- which can almost be termed the inventor of the European Common Foreign and Security Policy -- has now dealt that policy its most dangerous blow thus far .
Unfortunately , you can forget about that .
States can go bust just like companies , but , unlike companies , they do n't disappear when that happens .
Insolvent states need help with restructuring , both in the financial sector and well beyond it , so that they can work their way out of crisis .
Germany and France , the two crucial players in this crisis , will have to devise a joint strategy , because only they , working together , can push through a solution .
This historic step can not be taken through the bureaucratic backdoor , but only in the bright light of democratic politics .
A viable Israeli answer to the dramatic changes in the region -- and to their already foreseeable consequences -- can only take the form of a serious offer of negotiations to Mahmoud Abbas 's Palestinian government , with the objective of signing a comprehensive peace treaty .
Security questions must be taken seriously , but they carry less and less weight , because a sufficiently long period can be left between the treaty 's conclusion and its full implementation to resolve them by mutual agreement .
But this foundation of rules turned out to be an illusion : principles always need the support of power ; otherwise they can not stand the test of reality .
The eurozone needs a government , which , as things stand at the moment , can consist only of the respective heads of state and government -- a development that has already started .
And , because there can be no fiscal union without a common budget policy , nothing can be decided without the national parliaments .
The most the US can hope at this point is a withdrawal that saves face .
We can count ourselves lucky if the emerging chaos can be contained in Iraq .
Washington 's realization that Iraq can no longer be won or even stabilized unless the regional framework changes , has come late -- perhaps too late .
The Middle East , North Korea , Darfur , Central and East Africa , the Caucasus -- in none of these places can the US still act successfully on its own .
None of these problems can be resolved or even contained unilaterally .
Only one power can rob the US of its unique position : America itself .
Ostensibly , President Bush has embarked on a new political and military strategy for the war-torn Iraq . Bush 's new course can be summarized under three headings : more American troops , more Iraqi responsibility , and more US training for more Iraqi troops .
If the threat of force -- a force that the US is quite obviously building -- aims at preparing the ground for serious negotiations with Iran , there can and should be no objection .
Following the launch of the new American policy , the old question of whether politics can learn from history will be answered again in the Middle East .
But , with the right programs , we can produce enough food for everyone .
Indeed , by taking the right actions now , we can eradicate starvation .
This can be achieved through a program for subsistence farmers that not only improves productivity , but also reduces weather dependency and provides simple financing instruments to encourage investment in new technologies and equipment , increased land ownership , and easier access to local markets .
But it 's a program that can be achieved only if international organizations like the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization -LRB- FAO -RRB- work hand-in-hand with national governments and with private donors and partners .
How much worse can things get before the EU abandons its counter-productive policy ?
The idea that Europe can seduce the occupier into giving it a role in ending the occupation seems wrong-headed .
States are not given roles ; they acquire them by the power assets they can deploy .
And Europe can not deploy the type of power needed to tilt the balance in Arab-Israeli peacemaking .
But Europe can do other things .
They are right ; an occupation can not be sustained without the systematic violation of human rights .
This can be done if Europe supports investigations of suspected war crimes and other violations of international humanitarian law committed by the IDF , as well as the establishment of international tribunals when such crimes occur .
Only the US can bring Israelis and Palestinians to a new negotiation process , much less draft a blueprint for a political solution .
Europe and others can support such a process , but mainly by affecting the internal political calculus in Israel .
The fact that many Western economies got out of recession last year should not fool us into thinking that the crisis was only a brief interlude , and that the post-crisis world can return to the pre-crisis status quo .
Governments really have no choice : they must take responsibility and exercise power , even if it requires swimming against the tide of public opinion -- and especially if it can help alleviate the social suffering brought on by the crisis .
After all , export-led growth policies can succeed only if other countries are willing to run deficits .
Phelps was also responsible for the `` island parable , '' which helped explain why monetary policy can have temporary real effects as a result of imperfect information .
Phelps 's new theory provides a logical backdrop against which we can assess the consequences of fluctuations in share prices , exchange rates , and , more generally , the value of physical assets and human capital under the powerful influence of new technologies and innovation .
Indeed , we can expect his new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two .
We now live in a similar moment of uncertainty and danger , and this time , too , there is a project , both economic and political , that can unite the Union : energy independence , a key factor in national sovereignty .
To be sure , governments can not escape their responsibilities to their citizens , and only the most naïve technocrat believes that the market alone can ensure energy independence .
It is a mistake to believe that ecological concerns can be addressed only through negative growth .
The ecological disasters that today 's economic activity has already produced and the catastrophic potential of those to come have at last brought home the fact that energy policy and environmental protection can not be separated .
As a matter of fact , a case can be made that the French will never come to believe that the state lacks power , globalization or no globalization .
But you can not dress up failure in the clothes of success .
But there is an obvious paradox here , because how can an excess of liquidity result ultimately in a shortage of liquidity that has to be made up by central banks ?
In fact , monetary laxity can be a symptom not of excess liquidity , but of excess saving .
When central bankers can not avoid a crisis -- or when they contribute to create one -- their fundamental mission is to do everything in their power to contain its impact .
Second , with rare exceptions , there is no international police force that can assist a defending nation .
Domestic police may be able to intervene to prevent crime before it occurs , but in the international arena there is no police force that can do that .
So , one requirement of treason , virtually everywhere , is that only citizens and permanent residents of a country can commit treason .
But as a matter of definition , if you have no duty of loyalty to a foreign country , then you can not commit treason against it .
Anyone - foreigners as well as Germans - can commit Hochverrat -LRB- high treason -RRB- by using force or the threat of force to undermine the Basic Law , the German constitution .
Yet many Americans think that much of Europe 's critique of Israeli policies expresses a zeal that can not be explained simply by Europeans ' renunciation of their own colonial past and thus their sensitivity to an Israeli occupation that looks like annexation .
The Catholic Church has abandoned its anti-Jewish teachings , but this does not that mean that the culture engendered by Christianity can easily redefine its premises .
Impending aggression can not be documented in secret dossiers but only by events that can be filmed by CNN .
The aggressor must do something that all can see as a dangerous threat by , for example , aiming a guided missile at a country and threatening to use it .
The UN repeatedly passes resolutions against terrorism , but can not agree on how to define the term .
Then we can define terrorism with reference to all these variables , but without making any one of them decisive .
Terrorists are organized , and the group can continue even after the individual is caught .
The same can be said of terrorism .
Complex definitions with built-in exceptions may make lawyers uncomfortable , but in the real world , they are perhaps the best we can devise .
But most of them are interrelated , and it is unlikely that the ICJ can resolve them when they are truncated into technical arguments about where a defensive wall can or can not go .
Although the world expects a negative decision , Israel can in fact muster a sound legal case .
As the Jordanians put it in their written submission , `` no right of self-defense ... can be invoked in order to defend that which is itself unlawful . ''
Does that mean that the settlers are sitting ducks who can be attacked with impunity and have no right to defend themselves ?
Further , even if the conduct of Israeli officials is judged to be illegal , and even if some settlers are willing tools of Israeli policy , civilian settlers can not lose their right of self-defense -- certainly not against terrorists who are violating international law by targeting innocent people both inside of Israel and in the occupied territories .
Only negotiations , not legal bickering , can put an end to this iniquity .
How , then , can the collectively guilty bring charges and single out some suspects as individually guilty ?
It is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the Secretary 's declaration that he would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if he can no longer be `` effective . ''
Under these circumstances , one can see why people yearn for international criminal prosecutions of responsible politicians .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
The Beginning of the End for Guantánamo The `` war on terror '' has forced democracies to grapple with the extent to which they can afford to protect the civil rights and liberties of both their citizens and foreigners .
The debate has been most intense in the United States , where the refrain that the Constitution is not a `` suicide pact '' and that national security can justify extraordinary measures is heard repeatedly .
Everyone agrees that , under US law , the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war , so if conspiracy can not be charged , Hamdan and others like him can not be tried in any military courts , not just the ad hoc commissions .
It does not want to prosecute the Guantánamo detainees in federal courts , but it is unlikely that it can prosecute them under the law of war as interpreted in the Hamdan decision .
Things can certainly get grim . But that is not the whole story .
The new Obama administration will have only a few months to develop meaningful proposals that can win domestic support , and will be preoccupied with the aftermath of the current financial debacle and the Iraq war .
Whether countries abide by agreements has far more to do with international processes of persuasion , socialization , and capacity-building -- and those can be done by anyone with a good argument .
If there is to be real progress toward more effective and efficient global governance that can address the unprecedented challenges posed by climate change and the rest of the global agenda , we must do much more than look for an easy replacement for American hegemony .
Countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give Iran orders ; it 's a case of `` do as I say , not as I do . ''
But Iran , too , harbors illusions , including the notion that it can count on support from non-Western countries , or at least from some sort of Islamic caucus .
Above all , Iran deludes itself that it can develop an advanced nuclear program by itself .
That said , Iran must still bring all of these programs together , and that can not happen undetected .
No one can say for sure that Iran 's regime has formally adopted a nuclear weapons program .
We can not know whether this course of action is realistic unless we try it .
Furthermore , you can not find out how similar vehicles have performed , because there are none .
Moreover , hedge fund managers can easily `` fake '' high performance without getting caught .
To see how high performance can be faked , consider a fairly rare event , such as the S&P 500 falling by more than 20 % in the coming year .
But investors do not know -- and can not tell -- that Oz has no talent .
Moreover , the outcome for investors is the same even if managers are honest and merely think that they can beat the market .
If the fund blows up , investors can not tell whether it was due to bad management or just bad luck .
Fraud is difficult to prove , because managers can always say that they thought the odds were better than were .
Yet steps to protect investors can be taken .
In case of a worldwide economic event , such as the recent crisis , this can mean pulling out of foreign markets when they are most vulnerable .
SWFs like to portray themselves as independent institutions , yet it is clear that , once domestic economies falter , they can not ignore the combined pressures of the media , public , and politicians at home , all of whom question the wisdom of investing domestic wealth abroad in times of crisis .
Yet , this trend can not last forever , as many of the economies hosting SWFs simply do not offer sufficient attractive investment opportunities to absorb the bulk of SWF investments .
As a result , no domestic retreat by SWFs can be expected to persist .
`` But you have n't done the experiments , '' the students complained , `` so how can you know ? ''
Like Rashevsky , he had been steeped in mathematical and physical scientists ' belief that an imaginary construction making no pretense to literal truth can nonetheless capture the `` features of greatest importance '' and hence serve a useful explanatory function .
The results in both cases have been a political history devoid of coups , and financial savings that can be used for education , investment , and other good things .
? Two panels of technical experts are the ones to judge trends in copper prices and output , respectively , insulated from the political processes that can otherwise succumb to wishful thinking .
Perhaps its Labor Party should be given credit for pioneering the principle that center-left governments can sometimes achieve economic liberalization better than their center-right opponents .
In highlighting some very specific institutions that could be usefully adopted elsewhere , I do not mean to suggest that they can be effortlessly translated from one national context to another .
It takes liquidity to make a market successful , and it can be difficult to get a new one started until it achieves a certain critical mass .
This pooling function would be particularly important in cases where there are different grades or varieties of the product -LRB- as with oil or coffee -RRB- , and where prices can diverge enough to make an important difference to the exporters .
If the international financial wizards can get together and act on this idea now , commodity exporters might be able to avoid calamity the next time the world price of their product takes a plunge .
But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective : both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate .
In Afghanistan , where withdrawal dates have already been set , it is difficult to believe that a cohesive unified state can be established .
Only if the trans-Atlantic partnership proves effective , as it did to meet the demands of the Cold War and the end of Europe 's division , can the West contribute to realizing the hopes engendered by the Arab uprisings .
We Europeans can not afford to turn our backs on our Arab friends along the far shores of `` mare nostrum . ''
They are part of our collective history , and they deserve the better future that we can help them to build .
Even scientists who frowned upon the Swedish committees ' limitations and sometimes odd choices nevertheless still nominated and lobbied for candidates , knowing that if successful , a winner can draw attention and money to a research specialty , institution , or national scientific community .
Such ambitious goals , however unrealistic , can have a disciplining effect , leading some EU countries to increase their spending , while the EU itself has launched a number of promising schemes .
Although the core financial burden will be on the member states , the EU level can make an important contribution .
As the former Financial Times editor Richard Lambert , together with Nick Butler , commented in a report published by London 's Centre for European Reform entitled The future of European universities : Renaissance or decay ? , EU governments are stuck in a vicious circle : `` The universities will get no more money unless they reform , and they can not reform without more money '' .
Treatment with drugs , particularly those that target the neurotransmitter dopamine , can reduce the symptoms , but the mechanism of this effect is unknown and unfortunate side effects can and do occur .
The challenge for the neuropsychologist is to show how a disorder in the brain can lead to these bizarre experiences .
Normally , we have no trouble recognizing whether sensations are caused by our own actions , because those that are can be predicted .
Based on the motor commands that we send to our muscles , we can predict precisely the sensations that the action will cause .
The same phenomenon can be observed in the brain using functional magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- FMRI -RRB- .
This hypothesis can be tested experimentally .
But we can measure the strength of the connections between brain regions , and the strength of these connections seems to be reduced in patients with schizophrenia .
But at least we now have a promising framework for understanding how bizarre experiences in the mind can be linked to abnormal processes in the brain .
In contrast , `` behavioral economists '' acknowledge that currencies can depart from parity for a protracted period , but argue that this results not from traders ' attempts to interpret movements in macroeconomic fundamentals , but from market psychology and irrational trading .
Moreover , relating the riskiness of holding an open position in a currency market to the exchange rate 's divergence from parity levels suggests a novel way to think about how central banks can influence the market to limit departures from parity .
But currency swings , if too wide and protracted , can impede real economic activity , which is why intervention is sometimes necessary .
This approach implies that more can be done to reduce systemic risk , beyond reforming how risk is measured and capital buffers determined .
IKE acknowledges that , within a reasonable range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators can .
But it also recognizes that price swings can become excessive , in the sense that participants may bid asset prices far from levels that are consistent with their long-term values .
Today 's global crisis shows that we can no longer afford to ignore this vital factor .
Ten years ago , Samuel Huntington argued that the fault lines of world politics in the post-Cold War era are mainly cultural - a `` clash of civilizations '' defined by five or six major cultural zones that can sometimes co-exist but will never converge , because they lack shared values .
In many traditional societies , where life choices and opportunities are limited , the Western , individualistic view of rights is very jarring . This is because the Western conception can not be abstracted from the larger process of modernization .
For our commitment to the universality of human rights forms but one part of the complex context of a universal civilization , from which an understanding of the other elements of modern societies - economic justice and political democracy - can not be excluded .
This is something that can not be taken for granted in countries like Iraq .
Outside powers like the US can often help in this process by the example they set as politically and economically successful societies .
They can also provide funding , advice , technical assistance , and yes , occasionally military force to help the process along .
But it can not be the core of a general non-proliferation policy , whereby the United States intervenes militarily everywhere to prevent the development of nuclear weapons .
It is worth pondering why a country with more military power than any other in human history , and that spends as much on its military as virtually the rest of the world combined , can not bring security to a small country of 24 million people after more than three years of occupation .
At least part of the problem is that it is dealing with complex social forces that are not organized into centralized hierarchies that can enforce rules , and thus be deterred , coerced , or otherwise manipulated through conventional power .
At the same time , it is unreasonable to expect the increasing number of academics on short-term contracts to defend the integrity of an institution that can not promise them job security .
The two types of `` post-academic '' university that they represent -- the one a diploma mill , the other a patent factory -- share an overriding interest in benefiting those who can pay at the point of delivery .
It requires an increasingly controversial assumption : all human beings - whatever their achievements , competences , status , or health - are equally significant members of society , whose strength ultimately lies in what they can do together .
In his words , the human condition is not about `` survival of the fittest '' but `` the fitting of as many as can survive . ''
Wikipedia is an encyclopedia to which anyone with a modicum of time , articulateness , and computer skills can contribute .
Anyone can change any entry or add a new entry , and the results will immediately appear for all to see -- and potentially contest .
Any change to an entry automatically generates a historical trace , so entries can be read as what medieval scholars call a `` palimpsest , '' a text that has been successively overwritten .
Operating on the assumption that the government will back them -- or bail them out if they fail -- they can afford to be cavalier .
But China can best avoid similar tragedies not by flexing its muscles , but by building greater multilateral cooperation to combat transnational crime along the Mekong .
Post-socialist growth is a process that can not -LRB- and should not -RRB- be easily stopped .
Russia can then forget about attaining the fast , sustainable growth that China has achieved .
Of course , no one can predict when such a crisis might occur .
If there is no independent press able to caution against mistakes and a parliament that can do the same , then the mistakes will eventually manifest themselves on the streets .
When you open a Pandora 's box , nobody can predict what will happen .
In fact , when a country 's economic growth is continuously above 9 % , policymakers probably can not be too cautious .
Non-governmental observers from neutral states can be sought to monitor compliance with the terms of such an accord .
Whereas T5 can handle only 12,000 bags an hour -LRB- when it handles them at all -RRB- and 30 million passengers per year , T3 can handle 20,000 bags an hour and 50 million passengers .
After all , if China 's political system can still be called socialism , it is at best `` socialism with Chinese characteristics , '' which embodies an increasing amount of market-oriented economic activity and greater economic openness and transparency .
Moreover , only the regulators can examine the dossiers , which are highly confidential .
Some types of cancer -- for example , Hodgkin 's lymphoma , testicular cancer , and acute myeloid leukemia -- can be consistently cured using aggressive chemotherapy .
When a large number of sensitive cells are killed , say , by aggressive therapies , resistant types can proliferate unconstrained .
So , just as judicious use of pesticides can control invasive species , a therapeutic strategy designed to maintain a stable , tolerable tumor volume could improve a patient 's prospects for survival by allowing sensitive cells to suppress the growth of resistant ones .
But it may be time to temper our quest for magic bullets and recognize the cold reality of Darwin 's evolutionary dynamics . Medicine 's goal of a glorious victory over cancer may need to yield to our recognizing that an uneasy stalemate may be the best that can be achieved .
And , having run negative real interest rates , printed money , plowed in liquidity , and subsidized commercial banks , central bankers everywhere -- most recently US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- appear to have concluded that they , too , have reached the limit of what they can do .
Countries claiming to have reached the limit of what they can do really mean that they have reached the limit of what they can do on their own .
But , for now , America and Europe can not expand their consumer spending without increasing exports , while China and the emerging markets can not easily expand their production or consumption without the guarantee of strong Western markets .
But a broader and deeper agenda is needed : China should agree to raise household spending and consumer imports ; India should open its markets so that its poor can benefit from low-cost imports ; and Europe and America must boost competitiveness in order to increase their exports .
`` I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him -LRB- Putin -RRB- and be very frank about our concerns , '' Bush said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
As long as this combination of factors lasts , the governments of Latin America can maintain fiscal discipline , despite higher spending , as rapid growth translates into greater revenues .
As long as this is true , integration can not succeed .
By taking the model of a civilisation that puts man and his dignity in a central position , it can also be the starting point for a genuine discussion on the future of Europe .
They are also a failure of human beings : democratic values do not function without citizens ; there can be no democracy without democrats .
But no amount of finger pointing can obscure the fact that , 50 years after the European Community 's creation , Europe badly needs a new political framework , if not a new project , to shore up its unity .
Like the anti-globalization movement , the new anti-Europeanism can be regarded as a demand for a `` different world '' -- in this case , an `` alter-Europeanism . ''
Is enlargement the only effective policy for stabilization and peace , or can the EU 's `` neighborhood policy , '' falling short of full admission for some of the countries knocking at the door , become an instrument for supporting development and stabilization , much as the Marshall Plan once was for Western Europe ?
Which measures can ensure the EU 's global competitiveness ?
How can we narrow the existing differences in development and material welfare within Europe ?
Only a new European debate that includes both Europe 's citizens and its institutions can combat `` alter-Europeanism '' effectively .
Like the anti-globalization movement , the new anti-Europeanism can be regarded as a demand for a different European model -- an `` alter-Europeanism . ''
Or can the `` neighborhood policy '' become an instrument for supporting development and stabilization , much as the Marshall Plan once was for Western Europe ?
Which measures can ensure the EU 's global competitiveness ?
How can we narrow the existing differences in development and material welfare within Europe ?
Only a new European debate that embodies the common action of European citizens and institutions can combat `` alter-Europeanism '' effectively .
But democracy can not be delivered to Iraq by an outside power .
Only Iraqis , with international assistance , can transform their country .
One factor , however , may hold everything together : Bachelet can and may run again for president in 2013-2014 .
Rightly so , for Iraq 's transition can mark the start of the fall of the `` Arab Wall '' -- the invisible barrier of authoritarianism and rigidity that isolates the region as surely as the Berlin Wall once cut Europe in two .
Given the Middle East 's deep malaise , today 's Arab status quo can not long endure .
Egypt can reclaim Arab leadership only if it guides the region in the quest for cultural renaissance , liberalism , democracy , educational reform , and economic development .
As Mexico and postcommunist Europe demonstrated , nimble elites can re-invent themselves as they change their political system .
Reform can not succeed in the midst of a conflict that bolsters extremists and hatred .
As a result of globalization , the pace of development can be explosive .
Moreover , the long-held view that services are non-transportable , non-tradable , and non-scalable no longer holds for a host of modern impersonal services , which can now be produced and exported at low cost .
Developing countries can thus sustain service-led growth , given the huge room they have for catch-up and convergence .
The globalization of services , however , provides alternative opportunities for developing countries to find niches , beyond manufacturing , where they can specialize , scale up , and achieve explosive growth , just like the industrializers .
As the services produced and traded across the world expand with globalization , the possibilities for all countries to develop based on their comparative advantage expand . That comparative advantage can just as easily be in services as in manufacturing or agriculture .
Indeed growth can eliminate poverty in leading regions in a generation .
What can be done ?
A direct attack on poverty can yield a double dividend : in reducing human misery , it could spark growth , thereby creating more political space for direct poverty reduction .
Achieving equity through fiscal transfers can ensure a level playing field .
So a rising tide really can lift all boats , with growth trumping inequality when it comes to poverty reduction .
Tackling these challenges requires a clear understanding of how economic opportunities can be broadened to ensure faster poverty reduction , promote human development , and stimulate gender-inclusive growth .
Greater gender equality can contribute to economic growth and development , and major initiatives to increase opportunities for women can transform society .
The euro demonstrates that century old rivalries among nation states can be overcome and forgotten when citizens can move across borders to do business with one another more easily .
Much of the commentary about the case has centered on whether a patient 's wishes can be overridden , even by loving family members .
An implantable cardioverter defibrillator can jolt the heart back to normal if an irregular , life-threatening rhythm develops in patients who have had a heart attack .
Some of these therapies can provide additional months or even years of life to people in their prime .
Being obese can also be caused by disruption of normal growth caused by pathological changes -- ranging from tumors to aging -LRB- which is also understood as pathological -RRB- -- in the endocrine system .
Finally , obesity can be the result of infection by an agent that makes us get fat .
This is not an evil which I can decide once and for all to repudiate and never to embrace again , as I was able to do with fornication . ''
Flexibility allows NGOs to be innovative in ways that organizations like the UN often can not .
But there are few international rules on what an NGO actually is , and the lack of control can lead to unpredictable consequences .
CARE , as both a relief and development agency , can take a long-term approach to disasters , matching emergency relief with a rehabilitation and recovery phase .
Russia can not withstand another four years of plunder and destruction .
Many people can not buy the most basic medicines and have no access to modern medical services .
Cambodian authorities can help build their credibility by curbing the temptation to pad bills and inflate salaries .
With sufficient resources , and a determination not to compromise on quality , the Extraordinary Chambers can provide a measure of justice for the victims and an example of law 's power to serve the public good .
On the other hand , the Court can not charge -- or refrain from charging -- a senior political or military official responsible for grave crimes solely to avert negative political repercussions .
Only by demonstrating professionalism in its work , and willingness to hold senior government figures accountable where appropriate , can the ICC engender broad and lasting support .
For now , the Court can best address skeptics by more regularly and transparently explaining itself -- its decisions , its mandate , and its constraints -- to a global public to whom it ultimately must answer .
But without the support of these two ministries , Putin can not institutionalize his new foreign policy course .
But stereotypes can survive so long and be so influential only insofar as they serve the real interests of real people and institutions .
Indeed , only the continuance of a vast global threat can justify the existence of Russia 's armed forces at their current size of 1.2 million personnel , as well as the current conscription system -- deeply resented by oridinary Russians -- and a reserve of many millions .
Russian generals insist that conscription must be maintained so that , if necessary , a large-scale war can be waged .
They continue to think as they have always done , because it is in their direct self-interest to do all they can to preserve the militarized state of a decadent era .
Russia 's traditional army can not fight terrorists effectively because it disdains the ability of soldiers to work in small groups , and does not encourage individual initiative on the part of officers .
Belarus 's economy can function only if Russia subsidizes energy prices and allocates non-repayable credits .
Fine , the Americans can have one base in Kyrgyzstan , and Russia can have two .
Israelis can not dominate another people and live in a democratic state in keeping with Zionist ideals unless they `` free '' themselves of the territories and aim at the coexistence of two states with recognized borders and good neighborly relations .
The women and children whose limbs Taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality , and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in West Africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped .
Who can argue ?
They assume that many scientific conventions are accidents of history and new abstractions can be devised .
But it can also stifle development .
Some of those innovations will eventually trickle into the mainstream , so a glimpse at current experiments can reveal what the future of ordinary computer interaction could look like , and what would be gained .
Inside the computer screen is a virtual 1950 's office , with paper documents , filing cabinets , and a garbage can .
We 've seen hints of a new paradigm in Apple 's iPhone , which allows gestural finger motions , but in the intelligence community , concept visualization can be so radical that most ordinary users might barely recognize what it was .
Modern user interface scientists are interested in katachi because it can reveal how form facilitates human interaction .
Foreigners are often mystified as to why such a minimalist event can require years of training .
Those with high ability know how the guests ' experience can be improved with careful preparations of tools , reflective conversations , and natural yet well-controlled body motions .
Expressive icons represent thought , but can only communicate complex subtleties and situations if they allow multiple levels of understanding .
Production of the materials used to capture and store solar electricity , for example , can cause just as much environmental damage as conventional fuels , and existing wind and solar technology can not easily meet the needs of large populations .
Global deposits of methane clathrate contain more than twice the amount of energy of all known fossil fuels , and it can burn cleanly .
But siphoning the habits of one culture into another during a rebuilding process can trigger societal changes that are almost as damaging as the disaster itself , as happened in a small fishing villages in the Philippines in the late 1970 's .
Societal mechanisms simply can not be adjusted without a crisp , practiced understanding of a culture .
And this can not be merely intuitive . It must be scientific , that is , based on the best methods and models .
Even though many of them might not have studied the local culture , they can nonetheless provide guidance that has been informed by the world 's most expensive infrastructure .
`` Bird flu '' has already shown that it can jump from fowl to humans , and now even to cats , which indicates that it might be the next global killer .
Deadly mutations of any kind need to be identified urgently , so that an effective vaccine can be designed before the strain becomes comfortable in the human body .
Although local Muslim leaders have since criticized Hilaly 's attitude , the incident again raises the question of attitudes regarding sex in `` orthodox '' communities , and how they can be reconciled with prevailing norms in the West .
In fact , porn is so specifically tuned to the tastes of consumers that shifts can indicate changes in a society almost immediately .
Anyone privy to details of such activities can not comment on them , but one story circulating in the research community involved attempts to introduce condoms into African porn as part of an anti-AIDS effort .
Fragile treaties that cover this are enforced mostly by the fact that few nations can afford to place assets that high .
It can be shown that cells are able to detect these messages , but the extent to which they affect the body is unknown .
Dams -- provided they are adequately sized and designed -- can contribute to human development by fighting climate change and regulating water supply .
Official development assistance can create incentives to cooperate by financing data-collection , providing technical know-how , or , indeed , by conditioning loans on constructive negotiations .
Rural hydraulic projects , which ensure access to water for these populations over large stretches of land , can prove to be efficient conflict prevention tools .
In West Africa or the Middle East , Central Asia or India , this , too , can contribute to abating clashes over water .
Like 20 years ago , we face a threat to global security and our very existence that no one nation can deal with alone .
To avoid both the global hangover of no deal and the self-deception of a weak deal , a breakthrough is needed -- and can still be achieved in Copenhagen .
Indeed , today 's elite can not or will not solve the problem .
Only a serious presidential initiative , supported by civil society and brave new political forces , can do the job .
Barring preemptive war -LRB- which has proven counterproductive -RRB- or effective sanctions -LRB- which have thus far proven insufficient -RRB- , only sincere steps toward nuclear disarmament can furnish the mutual security needed to forge tough compromises on arms control and nonproliferation matters .
Only a serious program of universal nuclear disarmament can provide the reassurance and the credibility needed to build a global consensus that nuclear deterrence is a dead doctrine .
We can no longer afford , politically or financially , the discriminatory nature of the current system of nuclear `` haves '' and `` have-nots . ''
Our efforts 25 years ago can be vindicated only when the Bomb ends up beside the slave trader 's manacles and the Great War 's mustard gas in the museum of bygone savagery .
A country with such influence over a military superpower can not be considered weak .
Russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor . Yet many assume that world politics should be designed to bypass Russia .
A state that is involved in three global regions -LRB- Europe , Central Asia , and the Far East , not to mention the Arctic -RRB- and borders several others can not be considered `` regional . ''
They are not imported and can not be fixed merely by changing the dollar 's value .
The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country -- not even mighty America -- can devalue its way out of trouble .
Russian macroeconomic performance has greatly improved since the 1998 financial crisis , and this success can be attributed in part to improved monetary policy .
As a starting point , the RCB should be charged with projecting inflation , formulate policies to stabilize prices , and either implement those polices or explain why it can not and who could do so .
With employers unwilling to hire workers that they can not easily fire , French young people are right to feel uncertain about their future .
Slowdown in America can , indeed , mutate into global recession .
In any case , the blow to confidence from so horrific and unprecedented a terrorist act will undoubtedly have a sharp short-term impact on real demand as well as unsettle financial markets : but it can not in itself lead to long term recession or chronic destabilization of financial markets .
Monnet 's effort to rebuild France by mobilizing business , unions and government authorities at all levels mutated into France 's `` Great Organizational Myth '' - the idea that technocrats can allocate resources better than the market .
But `` Private France '' - despite its dynamism - can not continue to compete and innovate while carrying the dead weight of `` Public France '' on its shoulders .
Reaching consensus among the World Trade Organization 's 145 members , where one dissent can cause utter disarray , was difficult even before the world 's governments divided into pro- and anti-American camps .
In Japan , there seems little hope that the world 's second-largest economy can extricate itself from its homemade deflation trap to generate the demand needed to offset economic weakness elsewhere in the world .
Although China 's official growth rate reached 8 % in 2002 , its high budget deficit and large stock of non-performing loans -LRB- about 40 % of GDP -RRB- mean that it can not afford any slowdown if it is to keep people employed , especially in rural areas .
The test of whether multilateral cooperation can be put back on track , and reconciled with America 's war against terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction , may come with Iraq 's reconstruction .
But this can be ruled out in today 's Russia , because the instruments to implement it -- notably an army that would obey orders to mow people down in the streets -- are lacking .
Because share prices , therefore , can not possibly affect the macro-economy , Mr. Shang should be able to improve the quality of regulation without worrying about the effect on growth . # 2 .
China 's stock market can not be a vehicle for privatization . According to Changjiang Securities , 320 listed companies experienced a change in their controlling shareholder in 1996-2001 .
If a decent credit culture can be created , people can have access to tomorrow 's income today .
Many of the results of human studies are highly preliminary and do not actually identify a gene . In fact , they can not , for genetic experimentation on humans is impossible .
If the relationship between fruit fly genes and behavior is so complex , can it be any less so with humans ?
Optimists counter that China and Japan can cooperate , acting as the `` dual engines '' of Asian development .
But regional and sub-regional financial institutions owned by developing countries can and should play an important and valuable complementary role .
The war against terror and rogue dictatorships such as Saddam Hussein 's can be won only in part on the battlefield .
Success can be measured by miles of roads built , numbers of vaccinations , performance of children at schools , clean water -- all validated by independent auditors .
A `` special purpose vehicle '' -LRB- SPV -RRB- has been established in Luxembourg , and can already count on hundreds of billions of euros in guarantees from member states .
Europe can not escape the crisis in its financial markets until it fixes its banks .
The answer can be found in one word : `` coal '' -- or , rather , the fact that coal is cheap and abundant .
The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and can not be re-created overnight .
Most construction workers are rather low-skilled and thus can not be re-deployed to modern high-tech manufacturing .
Unfortunately , there is very little that economic policy can do to create a strong exporting sector in the short run , except alleviate the social pain .
Labor-market flexibility is always touted as a panacea , but even the highest degree of it can not transform unemployed realtors or construction workers into skilled manufacturing specialists .
Given that the IMF 's Articles of Agreement stipulate that there can be only 20 board members , this means that 40 % of all the IMF 's executive directors from the EU , with one-third coming from the eurozone .
Such a process , however , can not go on forever , because with each increase in size , the IMF 's board becomes less effective .
The troubled country could then rapidly obtain a large IMF loan , given that the eurozone countries ' quotas total about ¤ 60 billion -- and that IMF loans can easily reach multiples of the quota .
Today , the US Treasury can still borrow unlimited amounts at rock-bottom interest rates . Indeed , the interest rate on inflation-protected bonds has now become -0.5 % , even for a five-year maturity !
This is the price that the US must pay for its lunch : Americans can continue to consume a lot , but the jobs are elsewhere .
As the only major economy with capital controls , China has created its own `` exorbitant privilege '' : it can determine its exchange rate because no other big countries impose capital controls .
In developed economies , construction can add only a relatively small amount each year to the existing stock of housing .
The real danger arises when everyone is convinced that investing in real estate is the best way to secure one 's own future because house prices can only go up .
But when the bubble bursts , the NINJAs can not service their debt and builders go into bankruptcy .
In extreme cases , as in Ireland -LRB- one hopes not in Spain -RRB- , the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country .
Housing booms can last a long time , typically more than a decade .
The next bust can be avoided only if emerging markets manage the dream of homeownership better than the US and Europe .
After all , the claim that the risk of loss will arise only for debt issued after the new crisis-resolution mechanism starts in 2014 implies that all debt issued until then is safe , and that insolvency can occur only in some distant future , rather than now , as in Greece and Ireland .
The EFSF will also provide funds to ensure that Irish banks ' depositors can get their money back today .
So , if the exit is small , even the faintest whiff of smoke can trigger a stampede .
The official line so far has been `` no default , '' meaning no sovereign default or that of any bank can be considered .
But retail shop clerks and car dealers can not be easily transformed into the specialized and highly skilled workers needed in modern manufacturing .
But shops and showrooms can not be transformed into tourist attractions , whose capacity will remain limited until enough time has passed to build new hotels , recreational facilities , etc. .
Given that Greece had a current-account deficit close to 10 % of GDP in 2010 , a drop in imported consumption goods of that magnitude seems to be needed before the country 's external debt can be stabilized .
The import boom in the United States was much smaller than that on the EU periphery , but the recent downward revision of US GDP can be seen through the same lens .
But , because they now run current-account surpluses , they have fully adjusted and can resume growth , albeit naturally at a much slower pace than during the boom .
Labor-market liberalization would allow firms in the domestic sector to fire workers more rapidly , but would do little to encourage export-oriented firms to invest more and create more jobs , especially when the domestic banking system is under stress and can not provide new credit .
The EU remains a collection of sovereign states , and it therefore can not send an army or a police force to enforce its pacts or collect debt .
Any country can leave the EU -- and , of course , the eurozone -- when the burden of its obligations becomes too onerous .
As long as member states remain fully sovereign , investors can not be assured that if the eurozone breaks up , some states will not simply refuse to pay -- or will not refuse to pay for the others .
Financial markets have reacted so strongly because investors now comprehend that `` sovereign debt '' is the debt of a sovereign that can simply decide not to pay .
Nobody can know at this point whether Portugal or Italy might be the next stops on this road of resistance .
At this point , the common currency can be saved only if systemically important countries -- namely , Italy and Spain -- take concerted action to demonstrate that they are different from Greece .
In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than what can be expected in the US .
The IMF is the only candidate for this task , but experience has shown that the Fund can fulfill this role only if its governance is reformed .
This requisite independence of the IMF staff can be achieved by stipulating that the Board oversees only the work of the Fund 's analytical functions and , more importantly , that its composition and decision-making mode are overhauled in the following ways :
The disaster that followed illustrated the damage that an uncontrolled failure can produce .
A debtor 's strongest negotiating asset is always that creditors can not contemplate default , because default would bring down the entire financial system .
But market discipline can be established only if default is a true possibility .
The case of Greece has raised the simple but profound question : can a member state of the EU be allowed to fail ?
So long as EU leaders can not answer that question , financial markets will continue to harbor doubts about the euro 's long-term stability .
The eurozone can not stabilize in political and economic terms without a solid framework for crisis resolution and an ability to deal with sovereign default by a member state .
The view that member states can not be allowed to fail logically implies that a political or at least a fiscal union must underpin the euro .
This implies a fundamental reversal of the present approach , whereby social policies belong to member states and the Union has tightly circumscribed powers of intervention , which , in addition , can only be exercised with unanimity .
Conventional wisdom suggests that the EU 's inability to meet the challenges of integration is due to rigid economic structures and inadequate human capital -- weaknesses that can only be tackled effectively by national policies , where the Union has little role to play .
Those who lose their jobs can not find new ones because of barriers to entry , while high long-term unemployment makes those who do have jobs feel threatened .
If they can not reform , France or Italy eventually may be tempted to renege on free movement of goods , services and labor -- and perhaps even abandon the euro -- with disruptive consequences for all members .
Only then can one hope for full implementation of reforms and the virtuous circle of improved expectations and economic performance that should have been set in motion by the European Council 's Lisbon summit seven years ago .
The key to overcoming resistance is to give affected workers grounds to hope that they can find a new job .
Policy coordination can provide effective remedies to these negative spillovers .
Apparently , many Palestinian Arabs , and much of the Arab world , continue to think that they can do better than a two-state solution .
A permanent end to the conflict over Palestine will not be possible until the Palestinian Arabs and their allies become convinced that the failure of colonialism in countries like Algeria and South Africa is not a relevant lesson for them . In other words Arabs will have to become convinced that they can neither subjugate the Jews nor drive the Jews out of Palestine .
Unfortunately , the Israelis can show the Arabs that they can not destroy Israel only by enduring the violent war of attrition that the Arabs are pursuing .
We celebrate them as individuals who demonstrate how far we can travel in life , how beautiful human beings can actually be .
So tragic a ritual can have no good end .
But what can our hero do at this hour ?
Marriage and political partnership can , in any case , keep the tandem intact .
No one believes that such an edifice can be detached from the government , or that he will abstain from taking part in his wife 's decisions as president .
BUENOS AIRES -- Bolstered by Argentina 's economic stability and widespread sympathy for her widowhood , President Cristina Kirchner 's easy re-election has confirmed that she can , indeed , govern a complex , contentious , and at times self-destructive society without her husband , Néstor .
According to unofficial figures , subsidies already represent 5 % of GDP , and only painful adjustments can reduce them .
Retuning Europe 's Franco-German Engine BERLIN -- Whether or not the French presidency of the EU , which begins next month , is successful will depend in large part on whether Franco-German cooperation can be revived .
Of course , the Franco-German engine can not function as before .
So what can be done to generate a new sense of leadership around the Franco-German axis ?
Fortunately , Franco-German disputes , while often seemingly fierce , do not last long , and can even serve to refocus people 's attention on the importance of the relationship .
Europe has technology and provides a secure framework for investment , but it is the southern Mediterranean that increasingly can point to strong economic growth .
As we face the type of turning-point decisions not seen since the darkest days of the 1930 's , can we avoid such an outcome ?
The reason that not-for-profit providers can achieve higher quality care with better health outcomes at lower cost is evident .
These additional costs mean that approximately 20 % of the total income that not-for-profit providers can devote to patient care is unavailable .
If properly targeted and conditioned on reforms , international aid can make a positive difference .
The fact that so many problems persist despite tens of billions of dollars of assistance and years of effort is a sad reminder that aid can allow governments to undertake foolish investments that accomplish little , or can easily be siphoned off by corrupt officials .
Trade is the all-but-forgotten weapon in the battle against poverty , but it can provide more help to the poor than aid can .
At the same time , increased trade can help create and sustain a middle class -- precisely the social group that often stands at the forefront of movements for democratic reform .
Highly motivated minorities can and do overwhelm the general interests of majorities who are not seized with an issue .
Governments can take these steps if they introduce and expand programs designed to assist those who would lose their jobs as a result of trade liberalization .
There are limits to what Russia can accomplish in the world in any positive sense , although its capacity to be a spoiler or create problems is considerable .
Decisions made in Moscow can affect world energy prices , the future of the Iranian and North Korean nuclear programs , and the success of terrorists .
High energy prices are a boon to Russia 's economy , but , as is often the case in the Middle East and other oil - and gas-rich regions , they can be a burden as well , feeding corruption and discouraging real economic activity .
The outside world can and should support the strengthening of civil society , independent media , and a true transfer of political power in 2008 .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
States would be wise to weaken sovereignty in order to protect themselves , because they can not insulate themselves from what goes on elsewhere .
This reflects not simply scruples , but a view that state failure and genocide can lead to destabilizing refugee flows and create openings for terrorists to take root .
The odds also favor terrorists , in that one success can compensate for multiple failures .
Individuals growing up in mature democracies such as the United Kingdom can still become alienated and radicalized .
Terrorism can now be carried out with boxcutters and airplanes as easily as with explosives .
Terrorism can not be defeated by arms alone .
This translates into the United States and others spelling out the gains Palestinians can expect in a peace agreement with Israel and what Sunnis and Shia can reasonably expect in Iraq 's new political order .
Such a counter-terrorism policy will not eliminate the scourge of terrorism any more than modern medicine can eliminate disease .
He can not command .
The UN is comprised of sovereign states , but it is not sovereign itself and can not act as if it were .
When they are willing and able to do so , the UN can make a difference ; when they are not , the UN can act in only the most limited way , if at all , regardless of what the Secretary General wants .
Ban can not simply reform the Security Council to reflect better the realities of this era .
But he can make the case that countries such as Japan , India , Germany , and others deserve an enhanced position in the UN 's most important body , one more commensurate with their power and status .
Again , what is holding the UN back is not the UN itself , but its leading members , who can not agree on what change is needed .
Ban can also make the case that there is no justification in today 's world for terror -- defined here as the intentional harming of civilians for political purposes .
But providing incentives for governments to maintain such forces at a high level of alert and setting standards for equipment , training , and professionalism is something the UN can and should do .
What Ban chooses to say , and how and where he says it , can enhance his influence .
The US needs and benefits from effective multilateralism in a global world , one in which challenges can not be met by any single country acting by itself .
Trade and investment flows can and should be expanded , which is likely only if political relations improve .
Here , and elsewhere , the US will need to take the lead ; the parties can not be expected to reach consensus by themselves .
Third , diplomacy can not survive , much less thrive , amidst a deterioration of the day-to-day circumstances on the ground .
Fifth , the Palestinian leadership can not be expected to take risks for peace without political protection .
A great deal can and should be done to shape the non-polar world .
But this is a loser 's game unless something can be done to reduce recruitment .
Trade also can be a powerful force in a non-polar world by giving states a stake in avoiding conflict , generating greater wealth , and strengthening the foundations of domestic political order -- thereby decreasing the chance of state failure as well .
Communism and socialism do not command public support as they once did . Materialism and consumerism can not be a substitute for political and religious freedoms , which remain severely constrained .
Outsiders can and should make their views known , but mostly in private and without saying and doing things likely to stimulate the very nationalism we want to discourage .
The Democratic and Republican candidates are doing all they can to distinguish themselves from an unpopular incumbent president and from one another in the remaining weeks before Americans vote .
The Iranian people may well choose leaders in their June 2009 elections who can deliver a much higher standard of living over those who would run the country into the ground .
Much of this debate can be viewed through the lens of American involvement with Iraq .
Mature democracies do tend to act more responsibly , but immature democracies can easily succumb to populism and nationalism .
Today , the US and authoritarian China have mutually beneficial trade and financial ties , and have shown on occasion that they can work together on strategic issues , for example in shaping North Korea 's behavior .
Four hundred million Indians still lack electricity ; India can not be expected to rule out greater use of coal if that proves to be the best way to produce electricity for one-third of its citizens .
Regulatory policy can increase the efficiency of appliances , housing , and machinery .
Smaller steps , however , can and should be taken .
All three phases can be identified , and all three triggered intense debate .
The goal should be to limit what they can accomplish in the short term ; to get them to change their policies in the medium term ; and to set in motion forces that will bring about new and fundamentally different governments and societies in the long term .
Security is the absolute precondition for sustainable recovery from conflict ; without it , people can not rebuild their country or return to school or work .
Over the longer term , we must help Iraqis rebuild their police and military forces so that they can provide their own safety and security without threatening anyone .
The international community can realize this goal if it is prepared to stay the course and work with Iraqis until the fundamentals of a democratic society take hold .
The task now is to persuade Palestinians and Israelis to begin the process , to start taking steps to improve the situation on the ground so that they can tackle more far_reaching matters at the negotiating table .
Terrorists can not be allowed to forever frustrate the search for peace .
While the US remains the world 's most powerful single country , it can not maintain , much less expand , international peace and prosperity on its own .
Moreover , contemporary problems -- for example , thwarting the spread of materials and weapons of mass destruction , maintaining an open world economy , slowing climate change , and combating terrorism -- can not be managed , much less solved , by any single country .
Rising powers can neither insulate nor isolate themselves from what happens beyond their borders .
So the question naturally arises : what can we learn from the first Iraq war , one widely judged as a military and diplomatic success ?
But , regardless of one 's position on these questions , it can not be disputed that replacing a government with something better and lasting is a different and much more ambitious goal than changing a government 's behavior .
Another set of lessons from the first Iraq war -LRB- and the second as well -RRB- suggests a limit to what can be expected from economic sanctions .
Multilateral backing can help sustain domestic approval , or at least tolerance , in the US and other countries , including the one where the hostilities are taking place .
No one can predict or assume what a limited attack on Iran 's nuclear installations would accomplish , cost , or lead to .
Quick or easy Senate approval of the New START arms-control treaty is highly unlikely , given stated concerns about verification and the protection of US missile-defense programs ; instead , we can expect delays and , possibly , attempts to amend what the two governments already agreed upon .
One can anticipate the Republicans , now in control of the House of Representatives , exploiting their ability to convene hearings to question and review foreign policy .
Depending on how this power is used -LRB- or abused -RRB- , it can be beneficial -LRB- exercising needed oversight and increasing the transparency of policy and policy-making -RRB- or destructive -LRB- if , for example , hearings degenerate into politically motivated attacks on administration officials and policies -RRB- .
In many other areas , continuity can be expected to trump change .
-LRB- Republicans , however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . -RRB- But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
There is a fair chance that one or more of these bilateral accords will be approved -LRB- in part because the Obama administration seems finally to have recognized that trade can generate good jobs -RRB- , but it is far less certain that the president will gain the authority needed to negotiate a new global trade deal .
Neither soldiers nor equipment can sustain the performance that has been demanded of them .
And like these earlier technologies , social media are not decisive : they can be repressed by governments as well as employed by governments to motivate their supporters .
The history and political culture of Egypt suggest a natural limit to the Brotherhood 's appeal if Egyptians can bridge their most important differences , maintain order , and restore economic growth .
Outsiders can assist -- for example , with ideas for constitutional reform or voting procedures -- but this should be done privately and as suggestions , not demands .
The best parallel that I can think of when it comes to understanding terrorism and how to deal with it is disease .
There are steps that can and should be taken to attack or neutralize certain types of viruses or bacteria ; to reduce vulnerability to infection ; and to reduce the consequences of infection if , despite all of our efforts , we become ill .
Disease is not something that can be eliminated , but often it can be managed .
As we have recently witnessed , terrorists can be attacked and stopped before they can cause harm ; individuals and countries can be defended ; and societies can take steps to bolster their resilience when they are successfully attacked , as on occasion they inevitably will be .
These elements of a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy can reduce the threat to manageable , or at least tolerable , levels .
The outside world can and should continue to provide assistance to help Pakistan acquire the strength and skills required to tackle modern-day terrorists .
But no amount of external assistance can compensate for a lack of motivation and commitment .
They can destroy but not create .
International cooperation has increased markedly , in part because governments that can not agree on many things can agree on the need to cooperate in this area .
Weak governments can be made stronger ; governments that tolerate or support terrorism must be held accountable .
Terrorists and terrorism can not be eliminated any more than we can rid the world of disease .
The Internet , one of the great inventions of the modern Western world , has shown itself to be a weapon that can be used to incite and train those who wish to cause harm to that world .
Helping to make societies in the Middle East and elsewhere more democratic might reduce the alienation that can lead to radicalism and worse , but this is easier said than done .
The Arab world faces serious problems that can only be met by more flexible , democratic political systems .
Neither freedom nor prosperity can develop in such conditions .
Muslims can not blame the United States for their lack of democracy . Still , America does play a large role on the world stage ; and in many parts of the Muslim world , particularly in the Arab world , successive US administrations -- Republican and Democratic alike -- have not made democratization a priority .
Iran , Romania , and Liberia illustrate that rigid authoritarian systems can not withstand the shocks of social , political , or economic change , especially at the pace that characterizes today 's world .
`` Sixty years of Western nations excusing and accommodating the lack of freedom in the Middle East did nothing to make us safe -- because , in the long run , stability can not be purchased at the expense of liberty .
Many models of democracy exist ; and some models can not be exported .
Until such a balance exists , elections can threaten freedom by concentrating too much authority in one person or body without providing adequate checks and balances , including independent media .
No country can succeed if it denies itself the talents of half of its people .
True , democracy can only be built and maintained from within , by a country 's people and leaders .
Outsiders , however , can and should help .
Radicals can count on support from no more than 1 % of the population .
The difference between Muslim conservatives and reformists can be measured in two ways : their stance on the possibility of making personal judgments on religious matters -LRB- known in religious terms as `` diligence '' -RRB- and their attitude towards non-Muslims . Conservatives believe that the revealed law was settled during the glorious days of Islam , and that individual interpretation should therefore be restricted .
But this can not be the whole explanation , because a similar radicalization is occurring within German 's left , where the alliance of the post-communist PDS -- still powerful in the Länder of what was East Germany -- and SPD dissidents led by Oskar Lafontaine promotes equally radical proposals .
But it is a fundamental characteristic of utopias that they can not be implemented .
But such debates can be fruitful only if they recognize the economic and political constraints under which modern states operate .
In the United States , a country of huge immigration , communities can bring together a strong cultural identity and a deeply engrained patriotism .
Everywhere you look , from Buffalo to Beijing , you can see ballooning bellies .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
Goldman Sachs is bullish , believing that the bank can record 17 % loan growth this year , a 20-basis-point improvement in margins , and significant growth in fee income .
Nevertheless , some broad predictions can be made .
It is uncertain how far these adverse effects can be mitigated by preventive measures such as implementing roadside drug-testing programs , persuading users to use vaporizers rather than smoke joints , discouraging young people from using marijuana , and encouraging early treatment for problem users .
If they vote for legalization , it will probably be 20 years or more before anyone can say whether , on balance , they decided wisely .
Recall the beginnings of the crisis : the British bank Northern Rock , for example , is now seen as a notorious example of how poor communication and information sharing among just three national authorities can easily make matters worse .
How this can be reconciled with pan-European regulation is hard to say .
By contrast , banks and others can use European `` passports '' to provide financial services -- which do have significant public-finance implications -- throughout the EU .
This is why one can hear many voices opposing the idea of a harmonized EU-wide bank levy or tax .
Recently , it almost looked as if the EU had finally come to understand that , given a lack of will , no pact -- however commendable its purpose -- can ensure sound fiscal policies .
The EU can not let Cyprus stew in its own juice , not least because as a member state the island is proving an uncomfortable bedfellow .
While the EU must be present , it can not be a neutral mediator , since Greece and Cyprus are both members .
But sometimes we also hear the populist smears that have been applied to the Middle East for so long that nothing , it seems -- no amount of extraordinary change -- can silence them .
No matter how influential new media have been , they can not replace the need for a region-wide `` manifesto for change '' that all who seek freedom can embrace .
Cyber-activism has its limits ; it can not , in the end , deliver either democracy or prosperity .
The battle being fought for the soul of the Middle East can not be won online , nor can it be subdued through the cynical manipulation of trust and fear .
It can not be good for America if liberalism -LRB- in the original sense of political and economic freedom -RRB- becomes as much a dirty word in Europe or in the Middle East as `` liberalism '' in the American sense is nowadays for the American right .
The spectacular social and political polarization that these three elections expose can be seen as a revival of class-struggle politics , and of communist-style aspirations , if not Leninist doctrine .
It can be red or green , but also black or brown . It can be clothed in religious garb , Islamic or Protestant , so long as it is fundamentalist and Manichean .
It can act against evil in the name of God , or of the people , or of the nation .
One problem is that we can not , without lapsing into tautology , simultaneously say that God is good , and that he gave us our sense of good and bad .
A railroad worker is standing next to a switch that can turn the boxcar onto a side track , killing one person , but allowing the five to survive .
When asked to justify why some cases are permissible and others forbidden , subjects are either clueless or offer explanations that can not account for the relevant differences .
In this respect , it is important for us to be aware of the universal set of moral intuitions so that we can reflect on them and , if we choose , act contrary to them .
We can do this without blasphemy , because it is our own nature , not God , that is the source of our morality .
Both probably consist of feelings that a community can only be its true self when it can be so without hindrance -- in essence , when a community can decide its own fate .
Who -- quite inconspicuously -- is leading us to become ever more hardened in our sensibilities and toward becoming increasingly accustomed to the fact that everyone can lie about everything and anything ?
But it is also true that nobody can force anyone to take that course .
This can change only if the new ruling forces in Russia opt for realism rather than populism ; choose to nurture common sense rather than nationalist passions ; to look for friends rather than for enemies ; and to build an open democratic society rather than cling to Soviet-era resentments .
While many other countries now also profess these values , they belong to other geographical areas and therefore -- if only for this purely external reason -- can not be considered part of the West .
No single geographical and cultural territory can be considered a priori better than any other once and for all , or as a matter of principle .
They have lost faith that they can really influence political developments , much less influence the direction in which our civilization is evolving .
We were already certain then that if democracy is emptied of values and reduced to a competition of political parties that have `` guaranteed '' solutions to everything , it can be quite undemocratic .
All of its miracles , as well as its terrifying contradictions , can be explained as consequences of an ethos that is initially European .
I can not recall any occasion at that time when the West or any of its organizations -LRB- NATO , the European Community , etc. -RRB- issued some public appeal , recommendation , or edict stating that some specific group of independently-minded people -- however defined -- were not to be invited to diplomatic parties , celebrations , or receptions .
I can hardly think of a better way for the EU to dishonor the noble ideals of freedom , equality , and human rights that the Union espouses -- indeed , principles that it reiterates in its constitutional agreement .
Indeed , this could be the best contribution they can make to the common spiritual , moral , and political foundations of a united Europe .
This is understandable : the communist justice system was manipulated to serve the regime , and thousands of judges can not be replaced overnight .
But in principle , Ukraine can succeed as well .
Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans , who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys .
However , thousands of former political prisoners in central and eastern Europe can attest to the fact that a kick from a secret policeman on the street hurts just as much as a kick from a warden behind prison gates .
On a daily basis , at a great many international and scholarly conferences all over the world , we can hear learned debates about human rights and emotional proclamations in their defense .
For dozens of years , the international community has been arguing over how it should reform the United Nations so that it can better secure civic and human dignity in the face of conflicts such as those now taking place in Burma or Darfur , Sudan .
How else can they explain it than as a complete confirmation of the status quo and of their own ability to act with impunity ?
To speak of the conditions of human rights therefore can not be in violation of the Olympic Charter .
Although force sometimes has its uses , a stable and lasting peace can be delivered only by an integrative , compromise solution .
This diversion of the energy of war can take place at any stage of the cycle of escalation , but if preventive peace building is not launched at the first sign of trouble , and problems remain unaddressed as the conflict intensifies -LRB- especially if it turns violent -RRB- , some type of intervention will be needed .
Only then can conciliation , mediation , negotiation , arbitration , and collaborative problem-solving processes establish themselves .
In the end , reconstruction and reconciliation are the only viable means to bring stability , since it can not be imposed .
It is this lack of a coordinated attempt to structure an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians -- a structure based on an inclusive , interdisciplinary , and systemic approach that can shift the variables and lead to a peace that both peoples regard as equal and fair -- that most concerns those of us who work in international crisis resolution .
The Palestinians of Gaza -- indeed , all those across the region who lead blighted lives without hope -- can not wait for new administrations or international institutions to act .
Time and again , Europe paid a high price for policies of compromises with evil that were dictated by economic interests or the illusion that evil can be appeased and will disappear of its own accord .
Indeed , such solidarity , when expressed at times like this , can engender feelings of gratitude and trust that can last for generations .
Indeed , to cooperate in this way will require the emergence of a new global civil society , whose foundation can be built only with the type of international solidarity that Japan needs now .
Donations can be made online through the Nippon Foundation Web site .
It is our hope that all of us will reach out to this disaster 's victims with our whole hearts , and give , through the Nippon Foundation 's fund or through any other respected and recognized humanitarian organization , whatever we can to enable Japan 's thousands of victims to recover the simple dignity of normal life .
At the very least , the EU should demand that Tymoshenko and the other opposition leaders are set free on bail so that they can more vigorously defend themselves in court .
There is certainly a degree of envy for what others have accomplished and a sense of desperation about how Al Qaeda can capitalize on this change .
King Abdullah pledged large numbers of new housing units , an important gesture in a country where young people , especially young married couples , can not easily access the housing market .
Both research teams describe how the use of a chemical inhibitor can kill tumor cells that have either a BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene defect causing hereditary breast cancer .
The normal cells of women carrying the BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations can still recombine , because they retain one functional allele -- or alternative form -- of the gene .
We have shown that PARP inhibitors are effective at killing BRCA2-defective breast cancer cells , and that the tumors they cause can fully regress and disappear following treatment with a PARP inhibitor .
It will also take longer to validate a PARP inhibitor for use as a prophylactic treatment , because the treatment can not be proven effective in a short time .
Recession and depression can lead to exclusion and , at worst , persecution of societies ' most vulnerable groups .
Despite the seeming power of Germanys postwar Chancellors , the countrys political system can only be administered ; governance in the sense of addressing fundamental problems by enacting far-reaching reforms is usually impossible .
In domestic affairs , no German government can avoid the Bundestags powerful committees and commissions , or force them to behave as the government wishes .
The Bundestag Barons the long serving MPs who rule the legislative committees and enjoy enormous clout within their parties can not shape politics against the governments will , but they can impede almost everything .
As a result , all legislation can be threatened by the oppositions veto , blocking any reform that harms the opposition 's constituents .
In short , the parliamentary barons of the governing party buttressed by the ban on seeking opposition support can sabotage legislative projects they dont like .
References to it can be found on clay tablets from the royal library of Nineveh and Babylon , dating from before the sixth century BC , as well as in a collection of Chinese legends ascribed to Lieh Tzu dating from the fifth century BC .
With more than a thousand points still to be agreed , all the policymakers I 've spoken to recently say that they can not see how a meaningful deal can be reached by December in Copenhagen .
Although cuts in CO2 emissions and agreement on funding and finance are necessary goals , the geopolitical reality is that climate change can not be decoupled from trade or discussions on exchange rates , the IMF , reform of the UN , and so on . There is a quid pro quo that no one explicitly talks about but which must be addressed : trade-offs between these negotiations , not just within them .
Widening the scope of the next round of negotiations so that much more can be used as bargaining chips would make the job of the negotiators considerably harder .
In the coming weeks , South Korea 's government will confront one of the toughest choices that any government can face : whether the short-term cost in human lives is worth the potential long-term benefits -LRB- also in terms of human lives -RRB- that a famine-induced collapse of North Korea could bring .
Accurate analysis of what is taking place on the ground is essential , but this can prove difficult in an echo chamber of globalized cultural icons .
There is a considerable gap between offers of advice one can not refuse and the responsibility to deal with the consequences when that advice proves wrong or extremely difficult to implement .
How can we help ensure these movements ' sustainability in such fluid moments ?
In fact , there is a large body of literature that indicates that even countries in the aftermath of internal conflict can reach a higher level of compliance with these standards .
The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable .
A country that makes progress on human rights and commits to the change of behavior required to meet these international standards can also make a decisive turn toward a better future .
It is too early to assess the historical effect of the Arab Spring , but if there is one conclusion that can be drawn today , it is that Israel and its Palestinian neighbors had little to do with it .
In the months ahead , we can expect the region 's countries to remain focused on issues of governance and capacity building , human rights , and how to create economies that respond to their restive citizens ' demands for a better life .
Nor can it be an option today .
How can we understand differences between an inspired voice , an isolated instance of hearing one 's own name , and the voices of the mentally ill ?
Indeed , sensory deprivation can produce hallucinations in the sense mode that is deprived .
An example is Charles Bonnet Syndrome , where visual impairments in the elderly can produce visions of human figures .
This is Manicheanism of the left , and , like Manicheanism of the political right , it can distort reality to the point of becoming divorced from it .
Like natural gas , hydrogen can be used as a car fuel with engine modifications .
Since the US can not get directly at amorphous terrorist networks themselves , it should exert pressure against governments that tolerate terrorists on their territory as well as those that directly sponsor it .
Feared and loathed by its neighbors , Saddam 's regime not only tolerates , but also actively sponsors , terrorism and is working furiously to produce weapons of mass destruction that can be used against Israel and the West .
It is easy to imagine situations in which flexibility can be increased by curtailing individual rights and abandoning pre-established decision-making rules .
Just as adherence to rules can improve the performance of emergency-room personnel , so due process and constitutionalism can improve the performance , especially in a crisis , of law-enforcement officers and national-security policymakers .
Obligatory consultation with independent and informed people may be annoying , but it can avert misunderstandings and accelerate the painful process of correcting blunders .
It thereby inadvertently confirmed the jihadists ' vilest propaganda , suggesting that Muslims worldwide can , for no apparent reason , become targets of America 's lethal fury .
The surest way to rouse violent resistance is to communicate to people that there is nothing they can personally do to avoid being attacked .
However sudden the initial displacement , the impact can last for generations , together with a long-term need for clean water , shelter , health care , and other basic services , as victims of Hurricane Mitch in Central America in 1998 know from bitter experience .
On the preventive front , countless lives can be saved by simple actions such as flood-proofing coastlines , or strengthening earthquake codes for hospitals and schools . Countries like Bangladesh and Mozambique have proven that disaster risk reduction and preparedness can be a life-saving investment .
The international community can help . But national authorities must lead .
As the US backtracks on its liberal standards , it is flirting with what can be called the `` Beijing Consensus , '' which makes economic development a country 's paramount goal and prescribes that states should actively steer growth in a way that suits national stability .
Russia can have its Caucasus , and if the generals in Myanmar should go mad , it would become China 's and India 's problem to sort out .
One can have the most visible business summits possible , but if Western companies do not gain greater access to the Chinese market , or if they feel threatened by heavily subsidized state-owned enterprises , relations will continue to sour .
We can stage round-table after round-table to discuss the importance of our relations with China , but if issues like Iran , Africa , or other trouble spots are not managed better , the West will inevitably consider China a security threat .
`` We ought to do all we can to weaken the bad feeling , which has been called out through our growth to the position of a real great power .
Neither side can talk its way out of this predicament .
In large part , he can thank 9\/11 .
Even the armed bandits who waylay relief supplies -- making necessary a guard of soldiers with automatic weapons , standing every few hundred yards -- can not destroy this moment .
Musharraf can not permit the mullahs to become too strong .
This is a component of human well-being that can not be measured in GDP alone .
Programs to increase breastfeeding can be challenging in poor communities where mothers are typically engaged in agriculture and intensive work .
But promoting breastfeeding at the time of delivery can be effective .
Whether a condition was diagnosed as disordered depended not just on the symptoms , which might be similar in normal sadness , and not just on the condition 's severity , for normal sadness can be severe and disordered sadness moderate , but on the degree to which the symptoms were an understandable response to circumstances .
More recently , they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic -LRB- man-made -RRB- climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great , that we can `` wait and see , '' and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial .
The IEA also points out that the targets can be achieved without unacceptable economic damage .
What is required now is recognition that anthropogenic climate change will severely affect our children , grandchildren , the world 's ecosystems , and the world 's poorer communities , and that the severity of the impact can be substantially alleviated by taking action now .
Shame at the price the Iraqi people have paid for the false face of the Baathist regime can be detected everywhere .
It is becoming clear that no achievement , regardless of how great it may be , can justify the human cost that the Iraqi people paid over the last four decades .
A smart response to the crisis can perpetuate these trends .
If the US and China can find agreement on these issues in the midst of crisis , they will pave the way for success when climate negotiators meet again next year in Copenhagen .
If they work together , more progress can be made in tackling the world 's problems than if they see each global flashpoint as an opportunity to seek advantage at the other 's expense .
If the political will is there , the partnership can be preserved and sustained .
Of course , this can not always be decisive .
These precedents can be extended .
Instead of individual member states having fraught negotiations to opt-out of a new initiative , those that support it can simply opt-in .
Countries that want to integrate further can do so .
In this way we can break free of the institutionalised tug of war that has characterised EU relations .
Indeed , on some issues , shades of the old imperial strategy of `` divide and rule '' can be seen , with the OSCE pitting one Albanian institution or political party against another .
Likewise , in Morocco , Tunisia , Mauritania , Qatar , Oman , and Bahrain , where various low-level contacts and Israeli representations exist , undemocratic regimes can define whatever relationship with Israel they choose .
The allocated budget was just $ 29 million , but its rapid death can also be ascribed to its short-sighted design -- and to Barack Obama , who has shown little interest in the issue .
Add together all the trade-offs between the West and the Arab regimes , along with the Israeli and Islamist factor , and the conclusion at which one arrives is as inescapable as it is alarming : the West can not afford democracy in the region .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Al Thani clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum .
If an entire society believes that you can not depend on legal rights for protection - that one must instead rely on a web of relationships with those who have power and influence - questions about whether such a society is livable or desirable will remain .
Liu Liang may have been just a working-class kid , but there was wisdom in his words that there is still a `` silent majority '' who can affect the workings of China 's fragile society .
While pop music fans in China can listen to whatever they like , including Madonna singing `` I 'm gonna shake up the system , '' ordinary Chinese need courage to speak such messages aloud .
Nevertheless , although Twitter can be accessed in China only via proxy servers , it still plays a vital role in Chinese Internet life because of its ability to connect different news sources and social activists .
Indeed , Twitter is the only place where people can talk freely about Liu 's Nobel prize .
Twitter political activism in China challenges the simplistic yet widespread assumption that social media in the hands of activists can lead swiftly to mass mobilization and social change .
But if small units are well organized , they can greatly improve the well-being of society as a whole , bit by bit , by working at the micro level .
`` Micro-information '' and `` micro-exchange '' can push forward real change .
Today , highly motivated people can lower the threshold for action so that people with less passion join their efforts .
Finally , Twitter can be used as a mobilizing tool in China .
It can effectively link discourse and action , generate widespread campaigns , and forge common ground among rights activists , public intellectuals , and all kinds of Twitter users .
Several countries , including NATO allies , have imposed `` national caveats '' that limit where their troops can be deployed or the tasks they undertake .
So , before any operation , commanders must determine which troops can take part and in what capacity , hampering both efficiency and effectiveness .
Even if leaders balk at an extra half-day of meetings to address the most serious threat to NATO 's future , the Riga summit can issue a demand that its own 19 dual members , and the rest of the EU , agree to assume shared responsibility in Afghanistan .
But NATO is also acting because some European countries want to show Washington that they can pull their security weight even though they refuse to go near the war in Iraq .
If the Parliament in Baghdad , one of the best protected buildings in the country , can be attacked from within , then no Zone in Iraq is Green ; they are all Red .
Most Iraqis can not opt for local integration , either .
Iraqis can not become permanent residents , and they do not have work permits or access to public health services .
In Jordan , Iraqi children can not go to public schools .
It is not a matter of ill will on the part of these countries ; they simply can not afford to extend these services .
The Iraqi refugees are a crisis that can not be ignored : the international community must alleviate the burden on the countries in the region , while offering resettlement opportunities to many more of the most vulnerable Iraqis .
One incident in southern Somalia vividly demonstrated how insecurity can hamper humanitarian work .
So when aid workers are stopped at gunpoint and can not talk their way through , humanitarian agencies naturally turn to MONUC to guarantee access .
Humanitarian workers are not military strategists , so they can not judge what kind and what size of deployment of peacekeepers is adequate .
But the aid agencies that work on the ground have first-hand experience of the impact of peacekeepers ' presence , and we have the authority to say that protection of aid workers can be dangerously inadequate .
The televised tragedy , and the shortcomings that can be observed close up , can and must be stopped , lest -- as often happens with Congo -- the crisis disappears from the front pages , while the killing continues unseen .
But recent democratic trends worldwide have now reached the shores of this medieval desert kingdom and can no longer be ignored .
But can the Islamists be trusted ?
By contrast , it is a mistake to believe that force can eliminate Islamist movements .
Yet it is moral perfectionism to suppose that America can fight a war against terror without proxies .
A principal agent can win a war with proxies .
A durable peace , however , can not be built by remote control .
But their leaders can be drawn into a political process and , with luck , be turned from warriors into politicians .
That will be the test of this war : whether a warrior culture can be turned into a political one , and whether proxies can gradually become principal agents in their own right , rebuilding a country they once devastated .
Now that Estonia 's competitiveness can no longer count on a low-cost labor force , it needs to generate new technologies .
Nationalistic sentiment is strong , and politicians and interest groups can exploit it .
Anyone with a little funding and a few biological specimens in a refrigerator can make thousands of postulated `` discoveries . ''
Indeed , the number of research questions that we can pose is increasing exponentially .
Medical kits the size of a thumbnail can measure a million different biological factors on an individual with an infinitesimal amount of blood .
The increase in diabetes as a result of population fattening is causing an epidemic of chronic kidney disease in a country where only one in four can expect to receive treatment .
As negotiators and policymakers debate the costs of mitigating climate change , they can not afford to overlook these benefits ' immense value .
CJD belongs to the family of what are called prion diseases , a unique group of neurodegenerative diseases that can be transmitted .
One clue lies in the results of studies of the transmission of BSE and variant CJD in mice , which in many cases does not result in death from clinical disease , but instead can produce an asymptomatic `` carrier state , '' in which the disease has not yet manifested itself .
Some companies have easier access to capital , whereas their competitors can not get access to finance at reasonable interest rates .
In reality , what they do n't like is competition itself , and they fight it by deploying an instrument that can inflict even greater damage on themselves .
Thus the ECB needed to rely on the few robust results theory and experience can provide .
One can only hope that the world does not have to go through the same process of pathological learning via high inflation which followed the neglect of money during the fifties and sixties of the last century .
In the wake of the euro 's performance during this year 's global financial crisis , even its strongest critics can not deny that the euro is an astounding success .
The main idea is to reduce the risk premia paid by debtors with lower fiscal credibility . But this can be achieved only by implicit or explicit guarantees from EMU countries with sound public finances .
No one can possibly know in advance exactly how big this `` bill '' might be , though that question -- important as that is -- misses the crucial point : a common bond would be the first step down a slippery slope to bail-outs , and thus to the end of the euro area as a zone of stability .
At long last , it can be said that an Iraqi legislature understood that it was constrained by constitutional principals and the rule of law .
Changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes .
Indeed , the Democratic plan -LRB- if it can be called one -RRB- ignores Iran 's ongoing subversion of Iraq 's state institutions , which will continue unless and until they become strong enough to resist such machinations .
Nor can one be buoyed by Joseph Biden 's repeated calls for a `` soft partition '' of Iraq , even though the entire Iraqi political class has rejected the notion .
Only such a presence can consolidate the palpable , but still reversible , gains made over the past year .
Ending US involvement before the Iraqis can achieve these goals on their own would be disastrous for both US and Iraqi interests .
They can not forget that Maliki was in charge during the ethnic cleansing of Baghdad 's Sunni Muslims .
Moreover , a common monetary policy combined with independent fiscal policy is bound to fail : the former increases unemployment in weaker economies because the interest rate reflects average eurozone indicators -LRB- with large weights on Germany and France -RRB- , but keeps borrowing costs low enough that weak economies ' governments can finance fiscal profligacy .
Moreover , all of Greece 's structural problems -- a thin tax base , large numbers of government employees who receive bonus payments , and generous pension benefits -- can not be sustained within the eurozone .
So , as `` euroland '' risks breaking up over the Greek crisis , musically-versed economists recall the cryptic last line of that 1970 's pop song `` Hotel California '' by the Eagles : `` You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave . ''
How the situation will develop in the near future can be gleaned from the recent past .
He claimed that the `` Winds of war are blowing , '' and that the announcement of the military agreement `` can transform itself into a tragedy . ''
America wants to conclude as many free-trade agreements in the region as it can , while Brazil favors expanding its custom union , Mercosul\/Mercosur .
The construction of a major egalitarian , free , and democratic society that respects and works with the international institutions is the best thing that Brazil can give to the world right now .
But where can I go ?
I am one of several dozen of the Guantánamo who can not return to our native countries because we would likely be tortured and abused .
Many generations of selection in a particular direction -- say , for moving efficiently through the air -- can give rise to complicated structures like wings and the coordinated processes of flying .
Epigenetic inheritance occurs not only within individuals during their development ; it also occurs between generations : individual yeast cells or bacterial cells can transmit epigenetic variations from one generation to the next , and multi-cellular organisms can transmit them through their sperm and eggs .
If the epigenetic state of its germ cells is altered during an organism 's development , this variation can be transmitted to its descendants .
In addition to cellular epigenetic inheritance , there are other non-genetic ways in which variations can be transmitted from generation to generation .
For example , we know that some environmental insults and stresses , such as temporary starvation , can affect future generations .
But new analysis by a team from six leading European universities and institutes casts new light on this debate , and shows that Europe can make choices that are in its own best economic and environmental interest .
Obviously , the fossil-fuel sector would shrink by 2020 as the energy system decarbonizes , with coal being partly displaced by lower-carbon fuels , mainly gas and renewables -LRB- carbon capture and storage and nuclear power can not make much of a difference by 2020 -RRB- .
These countries can no longer afford to wait .
In economic terms , the negligible level of intra-Maghreb trade can be explained by factors such as small market size and low trade complementarity -- the weak match , in other words , between exports and imports .
After all , the same Chinese leaders who reject Liu 's calls for political reform argue that what Chinese citizens really want are not `` Western-style '' rights , but basic necessities -- clean water , economic opportunities , safe food -- that allow their families to prosper , and which China 's own homegrown political system can adequately protect .
For , if Mugabe can be let off the hook , will NEPAD 's peer review process ever work ?
The protectionist anti-globalization impetuses of the left are less visible in political parties than in labor movements , but these can shape political programs .
In short , the large states still have illusions , encouraged by their political elites , about what the state can do to guide economic development .
Politics can offer all kinds of goods that voters find very attractive : tax breaks , subsidies , and social benefits .
But small states are less likely to think that they can create the rules of the game , and accordingly they are more willing and able to make adjustments .
But that can scarcely explain European nervousness and the protectionist reaction .
These two scenarios of the origins of economic nationalism , one irrational and the other not , are not real alternatives , but describe responses that intertwine : the more rational the fear , the more that fear can be used as an instrument of politics .
But Fujiwara 's book has also revived an old debate about capitalism and the values that are needed to sustain it . That debate stems from the fact that capitalism , or the market economy , can not simply go on forever , driven by an internal momentum or dynamic .
Similarly , capitalism depends on competition , but competition can be brutal and destructive .
So 1907 became a comforting mantra in times of financial stress : a crisis can not happen as long as the central bank understands the problem of liquidity .
Government stabilization of the banking system can either be international , provoking complaints by outraged taxpayers about subsidizing others , or national , but only at the cost of greatly extended regulation of capital movements .
Competition policy , however , faces great difficulty in dealing with industries in which technical breakthroughs can create apparently instant monopolies .
By contrast , on the face of it , there can not be anything wrong with offering services or products for free , and then simply using the resulting advertising possibilities .
Insolvent businesses close , bad loans are written off , and lenders can lend with new confidence again .
The second question is what kind of government can do the job ?
Not just any government will do . Mid-sized European governments can possibly rescue mid-sized European institutions , but in the case of really major financial conglomerates at the heart of the world 's financial system , there are probably only two governments that have the fire power : the US and China .
The recent era of global finance -- maybe we can already possibly speak of it as being past -- differed from the financial surge of a century ago .
Who can say the same for the products of Damien Hirst ?
Algorithms that authorize or prohibit transactions can redress conflicts of interest .
In the same way as trading floors are now mostly obsolete , most banking functions can and will be handled by machines .
Everyone thinks of the horse that can be led to water , but can not be made to drink .
The latest financial crisis powerfully highlights this vulnerability , as it destroys any sense that we can put an accurate price on assets .
The size of the calamity raises the question of whether small countries can really afford bank bailouts .
But larger banks can get into trouble when these two principles get mixed up .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
Many European countries can not afford a stimulus package , owing to overstretched public finances , and instead want to make progress on the international regulation of banking .
In practice , it is only banks that have access to cheap borrowing , so they can reconstitute their balance sheets by borrowing cheaply and lending expensively .
Purchases of these relatively low-cost items can be regarded as the withdrawal symptoms of the world 's consumer binge .
China can handle its large banks , even if they have large portfolios of poor credits .
By contrast , in the US , the government pushed big banks into buying up smaller and vulnerable banks , and is now doing everything it can to press them to lend more .
Such large banks are needed because small players alone can not make a market .
The answers to a global problem of this kind can not be found on a European level .
What can they do ? '' The point was clear : `` So the other countries do n't like it .
But the rest of the world can threaten a dollar sell-off .
Now , too , as borrowers find credit increasingly difficult to obtain , and as resentment toward banks -- and those responsible for regulating them -- grows accordingly , we can expect demands for political intervention to alter the distribution of credit .
When anyone wants an example of how effective a Keynesian counter-cyclical strategy can be , internationally as well as domestically , they need look no further than China 's four-trillion-renminbi stimulus of 2008-2009 .
The most extraordinary contribution to this debate has come from the International Monetary Fund , whose April 2010 World Economic Outlook contains a chapter on how adjustment by surplus countries can be generally beneficial .
The debate about room for fiscal maneuver in practice soon becomes a debate about whether countries that have easily financed debt in the past can automatically continue to do so .
That precedent should serve as a warning of how vulnerable governments and their finances can rapidly become , and of how fiscal policy can stand in the way of a monetary approach oriented toward stability .
Recognizing this problem , banks can hold their host governments to ransom .
The OED etymology ignores the non-English origins of the term , which can be found in the inventive linguistic terminology of continental European student radicalism .
The economic variant of Machiavellianism is as powerful as the claim that political untruth can be virtuous .
Lying or hiding the truth in some circumstances can , it appears , make people better off .
Most people can easily see why .
Indeed , misrepresentation by governments -- driven by the belief that political ingenuity can stabilize expectations -- is actually at the root of many financial crises .
Still , no economic crisis or political revolution is likely to change governments ' inherent proclivity to think that they can know better .
Any organization is always much more than simply the person who happens to lead it , but a weak or politicized figure at its head can do great damage .
The IMF needs a managing director who transcends political logic and can lay out the economics of the new global order .
Because of low interest rates in the United States , major financial institutions can borrow cheaply in dollars and then chase much higher returns in the major emerging-market countries .
It frequently depends on very complex corporate structures , with multiple layers of holding companies , as well as privileged shares that can guarantee the continuation of control .
In addition , succession planning can become complicated by the emergence of `` substitute children '' from the company 's management .
Can Europe 's common currency survive ? No less a figure than former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has now declared that it can not .
Market turbulence demonstrates a need for some institutional mechanism that can ensure greater currency stability .
Such a policy is fraught with danger ; indeed , it is inherently self-defeating , as the establishment of a peg or a band provides an obvious target against which speculators can take huge positions .
In a stable world of confident markets , small countries can rest easy with their own monetary regimes .
By being less concerned with preventing default , we can make risk and reward more congruent with each other .
The threat posed by Europe 's current policy impasse can hardly be overestimated .
But it can -- and has -- been done , and it can be remarkably successful at satisfying peak demand for stability .
The two styles of capitalism can be contrasted as the family firm versus the post-modern firm .
The US-style post-modern firm sees market dominance in terms of branding , or a manipulation of images that gives intellectual hegemony and can lead to market dominance .
New brands can assert themselves by acquiring symbolic capital .
China can already see considerable problems in the medium term .
Because tuberculosis affects working-age people , it can be a trigger of household poverty .
But there is an important exception : strengthening surgical capacity , particularly in local hospitals , can inexpensively -LRB- and often decisively -RRB- address abdominal conditions .
If IDUs inject heroin or related opiates -- as is primarily the case in Eastern Europe -- establishing opiate substitution programs with methadone or buprenorphine can dramatically slow HIV transmission .
The people infected by IDUs also can infect others sexually , further fortifying the bridge into the `` general '' population .
Judging by their governments ' indifference , the remaining 99.982 % of the HIV-infected people in Eastern Europe -- and all those they place at risk of harm -- can just rot .
Now that the main combat in the Iraq war is over , the final environmental toll of the fighting can be uncovered through comprehensive on-the-ground analyses and the release of previously privileged information .
The extent of destruction of Iraqi tanks during this war is not yet public information , but the same ground pollution can be expected .
However , whichever administration governs Iraq in the future must be prepared to face up to an environmental debt -- the cost of restoring what can be restored -- that will be a substantial liability for years to come .
Now the story can be told .
But whether anything can and will be done to belatedly help the victims is very much an open question .
Equally important , how can science see any meaning of life in the reconciliation of that apparent contradiction ?
Vegetation in large stretches of lowland can be hurt substantially as saltwater-tolerant mangroves and grasses take over from other species .
But whereas the damage to the environment on land can be seen , the ravages imposed on the marine environment are hidden .
For example , freezers that require CFC 's can be freely exported from , say , Sweden , where they can no longer legally be refilled when required , to Egypt , where refilling is allowed .
Most people find it easy to understand that being especially strong or fast , or able to withstand hunger , heat , or cold , can increase the chances of survival .
The very fact , he reasoned , that these features make life harder signals to prospective partners that individuals who can do reasonably well with them have an especially good genetic set-up and are thus likely to produce strong offspring .
If someone can do difficult things , not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lion mane , but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival , and yet stay alive , that individual must have especially good genes .
Most sports certainly contribute to physical fitness -- as do some other expressions of culture , such as ballet -- but what we admire in a player who can do extraordinary things with a ball is a technique that is utterly useless outside the playing field and has taken thousands of hours of practice to bring to perfection .
Of course , infrastructure can be rebuilt much more quickly than the environment can be restored or recover on its own .
One has only to recall `` Gulf War Syndrome , '' which emerged after the 1991 conflict , and the controversy surrounding the issue of what , if anything , affected US soldiers , to understand how difficult it can be to answer such questions until well after the fact .
When pulverized by bombs and missiles , asbestos fibers are freed and can be inhaled with the rest of the dust .
Lebanon can not afford to pay anything close to such a sum .
But governments can counter it in several ways : local language warnings with a prominent tax stamp on cigarette packs are one example .
Recently , no less than William F Buckley has argued that nicotine addiction can not be dismissed as free choice .
The Gates Foundation can fund action and research .
Because control policies deter children from starting , even greater benefits can be expected beyond 2050 .
Benjamin Franklin once said , `` In this world , nothing can be said to be certain , except death and taxes . ''
Publishing articles on the Internet can amount to `` committing an offense , '' and `` radical views '' may result in imprisonment .
Human rights and freedom can be made to disappear not only from Web sites , but also from reality .
Any Chinese can become another Liu Xiaobo if they choose to see through the lies of the regime 's `` Materialism\/Leninism . ''
It is heavily in debt , but can not stop spending and borrowing .
Rather , it is how China intends to use its newly acquired economic and military strength in pursuing its domestic and foreign-policy goals -- and how the world 's leading powers can ensure that they do not end up harming each other by accident or misunderstanding .
A Cold War-style confrontation and containment policy from the West will be met with strong resistance from the Chinese , whose global leverage , particularly in finance , can not be ignored .
Why are these antitrust tools not used against today 's megabanks , which have become so powerful that they can sway legislation and regulation massively in their favor , while also receiving generous taxpayer-financed bailouts as needed ?
Regulators can do a great deal , but they need political direction from the highest level in order to make genuine progress .
The US can finance these deficits in the short term -- in fact , interest rates on US Treasuries have recently fallen to record low levels .
To be sure , a simple VAT is regressive , though it can be made progressive by combining it with a partial rebate or by exempting necessities .
Yet their new proposals , which bizarrely imply that defaults can happen only after mid-2013 , defy the basic economics of debt defaults .
How long does default last before the country can reach an agreement with its creditors ?
The benefits of default are the savings on future payments by the government -- especially payments to non-residents , who can not vote .
Countries that are near the point where `` ca n't pay '' becomes `` wo n't pay '' have high interest rates relative to benchmark `` safe '' debt issued by other governments , because even small shocks can shift the balance for decision-makers towards default .
But these interest-rate spreads make the benefits of non-payment greater , so the same shocks can send a country quickly into default .
If a country can support debt totaling 80 % of GNP -LRB- a rough but reasonable rule of thumb -RRB- , then we need approximately 50 % `` haircuts '' on this existing and forthcoming debt -LRB- reducing it to 75 % of its nominal value -RRB- .
Perhaps Italy can survive , because most of its debt is held domestically , which makes default less likely .
But , as European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet likes to point out , market participants are good at thinking backwards : if they can see where a Ponzi-type scheme ends , everything unravels .
The market is nervous -- mostly about the prospect of large fiscal deficits as far as the eye can see .
The US current-account deficit can persist above roughly 3 % of GDP only if unrealistic assumptions are made about the share of US assets that the rest of the world is willing to hold .
America 's ability to export would also be undermined , because foreign markets would likely be affected , and because , in any case , if export firms can not get credit , they most likely can not produce .
The only law that Congress can not repeal is the law of unintended consequences .
But , with Greece and other troubled euro-zone economies -LRB- known to their detractors as the PIIGS : Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- having surrendered monetary policy to the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- in Frankfurt , their currencies can not fall in this fashion .
We can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from EU sources for excluding the IMF : `` the Fund is too American , '' `` Europe must resolve its own problems , '' and `` the IMF is not appropriate to our circumstances . ''
European leaders are wrong if they believe that Greece can achieve a solution through a resumption of normal market lending .
Greece simply can not afford to repay its debt at interest rates that reflect the inherent risk .
In this context , `` resolution '' means that a bank 's managers are fired , shareholders are wiped out , and unsecured creditors can suffer losses .
And of course the credit markets know this , so they lend more cheaply to JP Morgan Chase and other megabanks than to smaller banks that really can fail .
As you can infer from the title of my new book , 13 Bankers : The Wall Street Takeover and the Next Financial Meltdown -LRB- co-authored with James Kwak -RRB- , the global consequences will be dire .
We can not merely rely on regulators to do the right thing .
In particular , regulators have no chance to look over the horizon and act preventively when markets are opaque , and when powerful Wall Street interests -LRB- and their Capitol Hill allies -RRB- can circle the wagons and claim that there is no problem .
This can end only one way : badly .
With a clear commitment to the low-carbon industrial revolution , businesses around the world , large or small , can compete with confidence , invest with certainty , and drive the scale and innovation necessary to make the changes we need to make .
Fundamentally , this is changing the way we invest and changing the direction of the economy , so that we can grow sustainably on the low-carbon path .
For example , in the US , energy efficiency measures alone can save over a trillion dollars , while driving job creation and growth in the short-term , aiding the economic recovery and providing the economic stimulus required to accelerate investment in low-carbon energy generation and use .
Specifically , a global agreement at Copenhagen can deliver three things for business :
With these three straightforward principles at its core , a global deal signed in Copenhagen can fire the starting pistol for the new industrial revolution , the low-carbon revolution , creating significant growth , job creation and economic development throughout the world .
Alternatively , the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased .
Besides the generosity of benefits , there is the issue of when one can first claim them .
The implicit tax from working another year and forgoing pension benefits can sometimes be close to a person 's net earnings during that year .
Once that 's done , any nation -- or even a sophisticated terrorist group -- can do the rest .
The remaining step -- slamming two pieces of HEU together to create a critical mass and an explosion -- is easy : the blueprints can be downloaded from the Internet .
In light of the technical realities , it would have been more accurate to designate the difficult and openly acknowledged enrichment activity as the nuclear weapons program , for this is what can supply the guts of an atomic bomb .
Leaflets dropped on villages announced , `` The Vietcong hide among innocent women and children in your villages ... If the Vietcong in this area use you or your village for this purpose , you can expect death from the sky . ''
I can name only one : Robert McNamara .
Obama 's Vietnam Syndrome NEW HAVEN -- There can be no military resolution to the war in Afghanistan , only a political one .
Is there anyone on earth who does not know that a guerilla war can not be won without winning the `` hearts and minds '' of the people ?
Whoever can answer these questions will have discovered one of the keys to a half-century of American history -- and the forces that , even now , bear down on Obama over Afghanistan .
Of all this we can say what the political thinker Hannah Arendt said of the anti-Semitic forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion .
Peace in the region , and within Pakistan , depends on the answer to this question , which only Pakistani civil society -- not the US , NATO , or any `` surge '' -- can provide .
Indeed , the question in this region is not whether the war on terror can be wound down , but whether Pakistan , which in many ways has become Islamic terrorism 's nexus , is doing all that it can to fight it .
Russia proposed this kind of swap earlier , but Iran declined the offer , and the version agreed with Brazil and Turkey was likewise intended to forestall Iran 's ability to produce highly enriched uranium -LRB- HEU -RRB- , which can be used for nuclear warheads .
Moreover , India is not China ; it can not be -- indeed , it must not be .
Only such `` just '' growth can eventually be converted into high GNC : `` Gross National Contentment , '' a truer index of economic well-being .
Only an inclusive approach to reform can meet peoples ' expectations , and in turn spread contentment .
India 's economy must be freed from the organizing principle of state control , so that individual enterprise and creativity can become its main engine .
But I also believe that the fundamentalist approach that can be sensed in certain circles is skirting the limits of the acceptable .
How can fundamentalists advocate limiting economic growth as a solution to the problem of global warming when there are men , women , and children in their hundreds of millions , all over the world , who still lead lives of abject poverty and are in desperate need of help ?
People in poor parts of the world have a right to economic development so that they can produce their own food , gain access to clean water , live in adequate shelter , and have all the benefits represented by hospitals and schools .
These are essential human rights , and they can be realized only through economic growth , not stagnation .
As cities continue to grow and spread across the world , reducing energy consumption and improving our quality of life require us to ensure that their inhabitants can travel relatively short distances to work
As the South African example shows , such agreements can even promote a country 's development .
Even so , while informal institutions can improve people 's lives , they can also be detrimental to development .
The very resources that form the basis of informal security systems -- solidarity , social capital , and collective action , for example , can have perverse effects .
For example , trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good , and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources .
More attention should also be given to regional and inter-regional power initiatives , which can help smooth out the uneven distribution of energy resources across countries .
On the other hand , we can be confident that the longer-term gains of social and political change will be positive , as the drag of predatory corruption and limitations on individual and economic liberties are eliminated .
With the emerging democratic dispensation , we have partners with whom we can engage on governance issues .
No country or region can truly aspire to full , broad-based economic growth without pulling along all segments of its population and without giving a voice to all .
A recent study has shown that the anti-depressant Citalopram can change the responses of individuals to hypothetical moral dilemma scenarios .
We could all be morally better , but it is clear that this traditional approach can not take us much further .
Any night , the military 's agents can come for you , take you away , and make sure you are never heard from again .
Subsistence farming of traditional food grains , fruits , and vegetables is giving way to cash crops and monocultures dependent on high-priced inputs that small farmers can not afford and water that they ca n't provide .
At the same time , in the face of an alarming increase in the number of terrorist attacks , Manmohan Singh 's government has also indulged in a heavy-handed response to suspected Islamist terrorists , who are hauled off on flimsy evidence and killed before they can be convicted of any crime .
Japan 's warships can help with sanctions monitoring and minesweeping .
Its ships and aircraft can rescue stranded nationals .
But these incremental changes in Japan 's military capacity and policies , though necessary and effective , can be sustained only with a clear national consensus on the country 's defense interests .
Only a truly popular political mandate can assure that the Japanese people are fully aware of their international responsibilities as an influential nation in the international community .
A rich and powerful Japan in a region as dangerous as East Asia can not go on playing military bit parts forever .
That Prime Minister Abe and Chinese President Hu Jintao agreed that a North Korean nuclear test `` can not be tolerated '' suggests that this new activism may help to stabilize Asian security .
Furthermore , Abe will seek to reorganize the prime minister 's office to reinforce its ability to function as a political headquarters that can make quick decisions on national strategy concerning diplomatic and security issues .
But high expectations , both domestically and internationally , can lead to huge disappointments .
For example , while the likelihood of an invasion threat is judged to be low , the Defense White Paper of 2004 argues that the SDF 's `` most fundamental function '' is to prepare for the worst , because sufficient defensive power can not be developed overnight .
Of course , defense capability can not be judged solely according to force levels .
But dialogue with the Kim regime can not be an end in itself .
Yet the pressure for fundamental change -- particularly of Article 9 , which putatively pledges that Japan will never maintain armed forces -- is such that there is a real chance that these obstacles can and will be overcome .
Across Japan , there is a growing view that some of these policies can not wait for constitutional amendment .
In the past , such a combination of countries was almost unthinkable , and these exercises can not be explained away as simple `` one-off '' affairs with little resonance .
Whenever complaints come up in the United Nations ' Human Rights Committee , China can count on the support of many African countries that have their own human rights problems .
By granting him political asylum , we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within Europe 's borders .
But I think the crisis is deeper , reflecting a lack of awareness of the paths and goals of human development -- an ignorance that can not be reduced to Western-style democracy or liberal ideas .
`` Preservation of the people '' requires nothing less than that our men take care of themselves so that they can take proper care of our children .
Meanwhile , it can use its $ 2 trillion of reserves as a cushion when the US and global economy sag .
Yet no clear Russian `` footprint '' on these issues can be discerned .
For example , there is talk of installing anti-missile defense systems in Poland in proximity to the Russian border , supposedly to prevent terrorist missile strikes , which by definition can not reach Poland .
Nobody can afford so seriously dangerous an expansion of NATO into Ukraine .
The return of strategic nuclear weapons to the center of world politics increases Russia 's political weight and highlights the field in which Russia can still assert itself as a superpower .
So far , only the US and Russia -- with the assistance , one hopes , of China , India , and EU -- can hope to address these problems more or less effectively .
They can offer security guarantees to responsible countries in the region .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
A struggle for preserving the vestiges of greatness may be a worthy goal ; perhaps France , a country richer than Russia , can afford these objectives .
Russia will both derive large revenues from oil for many decades and can also play the role of an `` energy stabilizer '' that will be important for maintaining world peace .
The UN can not be preserved and reformed without cooperation from the US , however distressful this may be to some .
The war on terrorism can not be fought in Afghan villages .
If we can all work together -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies -- I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs extremism as an instrument of policy .
Only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act .
We must rescue these people by giving them a better future , which only more education and new opportunities can bring .
ASEAN can not afford to stand by idly . Neither can the international community .
But the Obama administration can still help -- for example , by asking the Federal Reserve to expand the currency swap arrangements that it recently offered to Singapore , South Korea , and Brazil to other developing countries .
We can measure the discrepancy between what we think we know and what we actually know by simply asking people , after they have given their initial ratings , to tell us how some things work in as much detail as they can and then to rate their knowledge again in light of their attempt to explain .
Similarly , we can ask them to answer critical diagnostic questions -LRB- for example , `` How does a helicopter go from hovering in place to flying forward ? '' -RRB-
Or we can simply provide them with a concise but meaty expert explanation .
We can be appropriately modest about our knowledge of other things , but not so about our ability to explain the workings of the world .
One important factor underlying the illusion of explanatory depth arises from the richly hierarchical nature of most complex systems , which means that they can be understood at several levels of analysis .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
The more parts you can see , the more you think you know how those parts actually work .
We can not wait for that to happen .
Qaddafi can not be allowed to think that he can massacre his people with impunity .
And he can not be free to make those attacks more lethal by using his airpower .
If the UN can not approve a resolution for implementing a no-fly zone , then the US and its allies in NATO and the Arab world must be prepared to prevent a massacre like the one that occurred in Srebrenica in 1995 , when more than 8,000 Bosnian men and boys were slaughtered .
No candidate can be elected president of Iran without significant support among younger voters .
Standing in the wings is one possible candidate who might take up where Khatami left off and address the economic and cultural concerns of young Iranians . Though he has not announced his candidacy , Mohammad Baquer Qalibaf , now Mayor of Tehran and formerly the country 's chief of police , has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done .
Nor can it exercise its traditional functions in the religious sphere to provide support to civil society in the country .
At a time when the Islamic Republic has failed in its economic and political promises to the Iranian people , the regime 's most glaring weakness may prove to be the absence of a credible religious authority that can justify its shortcomings .
His foremost rival , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a former president who Ahmedinejad defeated to win the post , has had a remarkable reversal of fortune , reemerging as leader of the Assembly of Experts , the powerful body that elects Iran 's Supreme Leader and that can even remove a Supreme Leader from office .
Indeed , only a military confrontation with the US can bring him back to the center of decision-making . American policymakers should bear that in mind .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have uniforms bearing a Koranic verse that reads , `` Make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can , to terrify thereby the enemy of God and your enemy , and others besides them that you know not ; God knows them . ''
It does not believe that sanctions can bring about its collapse .
In this sense , the Iranian people can be regarded as a strategic ally of the West , not only because they want democracy at home and peace in the region , but because their continued protests offer the West the most effective leverage against the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program .
The Supreme Leader has absolute authority and can veto decisions made by the executive , legislative , and judicial branches of government .
Thus , Khamenei can present himself as a defender of the clergy , which , given widespread doubt about his clerical credentials since he took power 21 years ago , enhances his position .
Clerics know that if Khamenei weakens , Ahmadinejad 's circle can manipulate widespread anti-clerical resentment and exclude them from power .
It is likely that the Guardian Council , which can veto legislation and bar candidates from standing in elections , will use its power to shift the balance in favor of Ahmadinejad 's conservative critics .
But , since Khamenei can not accept a single , united political faction , it is extremely unlikely that he will let the Larijani camp -LRB- which includes Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf and former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati -RRB- become powerful enough to win the next presidential election .
We demanded an independent judiciary , because we believed that democracy and prosperity are impossible without the rule of law , and that the rule of law requires a judiciary that can act as a constraint on the government .
If the judges are not reinstated , how can there be free and fair elections ?
If the Chief Justice and the judges are reinstated , we can move toward a genuine democratic system .
After all , how can the party of a man who has less than 5 % support win the election now without rigging it ?
But in the last 16 years it has begun to reap the fruits of genuine democratic competition , because an independent judiciary and electoral commission gives people confidence that their vote can make a difference .
Until we have the same in Pakistan , no election can be free and fair .
But , more importantly , no military dictator can succeed where Musharraf has so clearly failed .
The Olam and Wilmar joint venture is , in a sense , symptomatic of the combination of assets from across Asia that can catalyze productive change in Africa .
If these lessons are implemented , market forces can pick up where industrial policy leaves off .
As a result , commercial providers of debt or equity can not get the high returns and quick exits that they seek .
When both governments and markets fail , impact investors can stimulate change .
Credit histories can not be shared , because a credit bureau is just getting started .
The lesson is that markets simply can not work without accompanying public goods and high-quality government supervision .
Although impact investors can lay the groundwork for commercial investors , they must also work in unison with government authorities to ensure well-functioning market systems .
Everyone , to some degree , has nostalgia for the past , some bleary idea of how the past can -LRB- rather than can not -RRB- work in the future .
What makes a market economy a market economy , I thought , is the fact that you can always find a Texaco or a BP , Elf or Statoil petrol station , or a Seven Eleven store in Alaska , South Carolina or Tokyo .
America under President Bush seems to think that international diplomacy is some type of smorgasbord , and can pick and choose which international rules it will play by and which it will ignore .
That combination of maladies is usually only associated with despotism , which can be described as the anarchy of lawless rulers .
Previously spurned by America in its attempts to use its longstanding contacts in Asia , this assistance appears to have convinced America that Russia can be of real help in its diplomacy with North Korea .
The looming succession of Ilam Aliyev to replace his dying father , Haider Aliyev , as Azerbaijan 's ruler marks a triumph of nepotism on a scale other postcommunist leaders can only dream about .
By its nature communism -- whose bureaucracy still exists in almost unadulterated form in the countries of the former Soviet Union -- spawned lobbies and clans with a combined might that even the closest-knit family can scarcely expect to overcome .
As a result , postcommunists prefer to place their offspring in lucrative commercial jobs where they can pile up foreign-currency fortunes .
A glimpse of what it meant to be the child of a very top leader can be found in Svetlana Stalin 's account of her brother , Vasily . `` He lived in a big government dacha with an enormous staff , a stable and kennels , all of course at government expense ...
Relatives can work at jobs which it would be improper or inconvenient for the family 's head to be seen doing himself .
If and when communism collapses in China , the piling-up of fortunes within leading families will probably have played a crucial role by persuading those leaders that life can offer pursuits even more rewarding than the struggle for socialism .
Two practical questions can be asked of any political system : First , what distinguishes the political parties ?
Because Putin can not stomach opposition , he stifles the growth of parties .
Historically , attempts at modernization in Russia , even when they look real , as with Stalin 's industrialization or Yeltsin 's market reforms , ultimately result in a Potemkin village-like state of affairs , because Russian society can not change fast enough or with the patience necessary to see the changes through .
By blending the Soviet past with the Tsarist past and a few shards of Yeltsin-era democracy , Putin seems to think that he can neutralize the extremes of Russian history .
Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer , Putin , like his predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration .
Everyone can now see the gross and historic failures of the Bush presidency .
Weak neighbors are states that the Kremlin can control , so why not expand Russian power by letting Ukraine slide into protest and anarchy if by doing so it brings that country back under Putin 's thumb ?
For the lesson of the years of communist misrule is this : no one man or party can know enough to manage a modern economy .
But this seems to be too much to ask of ex-KGB man Putin , for whom there can be no distinction between losing power and leaving it gracefully .
And from what I know of the man and his history , particularly his work in Hungary after 1989 , I can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him .
Today , for the first time in our history , we have a chance to prove to ourselves and the world that Russia can develop democratically .
And , just this October , remembering the victims of Stalin , Medvedev wrote in his blog -LRB- itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date he is -RRB- , `` We can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state .
I am convinced that no development of a country , no success or ambitions , can be achieved through human grief and losses .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions . ''
But , since Putin put Medvedev in his job and can remove him anytime he pleases , Russia 's president is not opposed to the ways of the Putin regime .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
Likewise , instead of welcoming the sort of foreign investors who can modernize the economy , the regime continues to wage its judicial war against Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev of Yukos Oil .
Indeed , it is patently clear from his own words that Yanukovich does not accept the legitimacy of the Orange Revolution , which means that he does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you can not cheat your way to power .
In the tragedy that claimed the lives of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 other Polish leaders , we can answer that question with certainty in at least one respect : history is to blame .
Perhaps so , but as the Polish essayist Stanislaw Jerzy Lec said : `` You can close your eyes to reality , but not to memories . ''
But , to sustain the charade of a strong and prosperous Russia , standing against the predations and hypocrisy of the West , the regime can not be as authoritarian as Putin himself might wish .
If he does n't step down or aside so that Russia can move forward , the system he has created may turn his own methods against him .
Power in Russia is a product of inertia and personal willfulness , and a generally apathetic public has traditionally surrendered to the country 's paradox of tyranny : a weak state believes that it can function as a strong state by depriving citizens of basic liberties and the ability to make their own decisions .
With the presidential term now extended to six years , we can expect an encore lasting up to 12 years -- longer than Putin 's original performance .
After 12 years in power , and grasping for 12 more , Putin can no longer sustain the pretense of adhering to democracy and promoting modernization .
Indeed , Russia 's elites know that things are going wrong , and are voting the only way they can -- with their feet and by bank transfer , moving their families and their wealth out of the country .
You expect nothing . You can only keep trying , keep pushing .
But even as I push my brand of `` Asian '' diplomacy , it can sometimes feel a bit lonely to be an Asian at the international community 's diplomatic roundtable .
I also know how difficult reconciliation can be .
The United Nations is in Cyprus to help however it can . UN Peacekeepers have stood watch for more than 45 years .
A settlement would also send a message to the world that disputes as long-standing and complex as that in Cyprus can be resolved peacefully . That is why , despite all the obstacles , the negotiators must persevere along the road to peace .
Becoming a mother -- the rite of passage that Mothers ' Day celebrates -- can carry a terrible burden of fear , anxiety , and loss for many women and their families .
Simple blood tests , a doctor 's consultation , and someone qualified to help with the birth can make a huge difference .
Add some basic antibiotics , blood transfusions , and a safe operating room , and the risk of death can almost be eliminated .
On Mothers ' Day , let us honor mothers around the world by pledging to do everything we can to make motherhood safer for all .
Compounding the problem : donors have also been shifting their focus from AIDS to other diseases , because there is a sense that more lives can be saved more cheaply .
Surely we can do better .
This will not be a short-term crisis , so we can not think only in the short term in formulating our response .
But , at the end of the day , Haitians can stand only on their own .
No single country or group , however powerful , can deal with them alone .
But there is profound skepticism that we can do so .
The conventional wisdom is , however , wrong ; worse , it is dangerous , for we have all seen how quickly it can take hold , distort reality , and then harden like cement .
Let us work , instead , to build on many smaller advances , wherever we can make them -- by mobilizing support , creating broad alliances , building coalitions , and taking into account a web of moving parts and complex issues -- because that will set the stage for the eventual breakthroughs of tomorrow .
These trends link the fate and future of today 's seven billion people as never before . No nation alone can solve the great global challenges of the twenty-first century . International cooperation is a universal need .
At a time when all nations are experiencing individual challenges , we need to forge a worldwide common agenda that can help to ensure that the seven billionth baby and future generations grow up in a world characterized by sustainable peace , prosperity , freedom , and justice .
Both want peace . A negotiated settlement can produce these outcomes , and the UN is a platform for forging such a peace .
Nations can no longer protect their interests , or advance the well-being of their people , without the partnership of the rest .
Wealthy countries worry about recession , while the poor can no longer afford to eat .
In Georgia , the UN can help ease the tensions resulting from the recent conflict .
But it is dangerous to think that the UN can address today 's complex problems without the full backing of its member states .
Despite the real political difficulties , we can not let crimes against humanity go unpunished .
Resolutions mandating peace operations can not continue to be passed without the necessary troops , money , and materiel .
We can not send brave UN staff -- 25 of whom died this year -- around the world without assuring their security .
We can not reform this organization without the required resources .
The Millennium Village Project , a partnership of academia , business , and UN agencies , aims to show how these goals can be achieved in even the poorest communities in the world .
Regardless of whether we are rich , poor , or in between , we share an overwhelming interest in the MDGs ' success , so that every region trapped in extreme poverty can break free , grow , and prosper .
Big Green Jobs Machine NEW YORK -- Amid the pressures of the global financial crisis , some ask how we can afford to tackle climate change .
The better question is : how can we afford not to ?
We can already see its practical expression .
With the right policies and a global framework , we can generate economic growth and steer it in a low-carbon direction .
Handled properly , our efforts to cope with the financial crisis can reinforce our efforts to combat climate change .
When the next American president takes office , voters and elected officials alike should be reassured by studies showing that the US can fight climate change by cutting emissions at low or even no cost , using only existing technologies .
But the UN has important roles to play . We provide a central forum in which states can agree on norms to serve their common interests .
Third , unilateral moratoria on nuclear tests and the production of fissile materials can go only so far .
Nor can we allow the financial crisis to become a reason for neglecting other critical issues : unacceptable levels of poverty and hunger , the food crisis , climate change .
Second , these financial rescue and assistance packages can not stop at the borders of the richest countries .
In our interdependent world , these tasks can be met only through reinvigorated multilateralism -- one that is fair , flexible and responsive , with leaders coming from all quarters .
We have one year until they meet in Copenhagen -- one year to reach an agreement that all nations can embrace .
We need a new treaty for the twenty-first century that is balanced , inclusive , and comprehensive -- one that all nations can embrace .
Some argued that , amid our current difficulties , we can not afford to tackle climate change .
I say we can not afford not to . The future of the planet is at stake .
But they also know that green investment can produce jobs and spur growth in the here and now .
When a new disease sweeps the world , access to vaccines and anti-viral medicines can not be limited to those who can pay for them .
Wealthy nations can not hope to remain healthy if poorer nations do not .
Just as we once eliminated smallpox , so can we eliminate others .
Studies have shown that investments in health care can yield a six-fold economic return .
Only by doing so can we truly protect our people , our countries , our economy , and our global society .
In poor Muslim countries like Pakistan , Yemen , and Morocco , single-sex schooling is the norm , but many rural areas can afford only one public school , which is usually set aside for boys .
Making reproductive services available to women who can not afford to pay their way can help prevent these deaths .
Other tools , aside from schooling , can help women improve their income-earning ability .
No one -- not the US , the EU , Turkey , Greece , or the two Cypriot communities -- can afford to waste it .
The isolation of the Turkish Cypriots , who opted in favor of an internationally acceptable solution , can not be sustained any longer .
Neither the US nor the EU can afford another failure in Cyprus . There is simply too much at stake .
As someone who was present when Davuto?lu made his presentation to the parliamentary faction of Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , I can attest to the fact that he did not use such terminology .
Moreover , the benefits of Turkey 's influence in its immediate neighborhood can be realized only if the EU proceeds in a more honest and robust way with the accession process , and if the US begins to treat Turkey as an indispensable partner in the region .
Turkey 's improved standing in the Middle East can also help the US with democracy assistance in the region .
But this change can not be taken for granted and requires support from the EU and the US .
So I am amazed to see people going along with the currently fashionable political argument that policies like cap-and-trade , government mandates , and subsidies for renewable energy can actually benefit an economy .
Profits can be made when energy is rationed or subsidized , but only within an economy operating at lower , or even negative , growth rates .
It is anathema to the concept of a free society to segregate people solely on the basis of mental disability , to ignore their most-basic human rights , to bar them from access to education and employment , to deny them the freedom to choose where and how they live and with whom they can associate .
I am with her nearly all the time to protect her from injuring herself , because she can neither see nor navigate safely on the street or in our own home .
I give you this personal sketch because it is the best I can do to illustrate what care-giving entails , and why it is so crucial to everyone 's life -- and to the human condition more generally .
In the broader system of healthcare , students can readily discern that medicine largely leaves the practical and emotional tasks of care-giving to nurses , social workers , and the patient and his or her network of support .
The structure of service delivery and the funding of health services work to discourage professionals from the art of care-giving , and can , in fact , undermine the practitioner 's efforts .
Simply put , governments can no longer afford to drain precious time and money that could be better spent elsewhere by locking up people for drug-related offenses .
Finally , at the European level , EU policymakers can help by encouraging member states to decriminalize possession of small amounts of drugs .
By freeing up resources devoted to enforcing policies against low-level users , countries can better tackle serious drug-supply issues and provide people with the effective treatment that they need and deserve .
Ali Ben Bongo 's accession in Gabon showed that even sizeable challenges posed by a largely unplanned transition can be overcome , but in Cameroon the succession is likely to be less smooth .
But it remains questionable whether the region 's new faces can end the old patterns of mismanagement and abuse .
As America 's former chief human rights official , I can testify that these are not minor diplomatic irritants .
President Bush can not sit on the fence .
Instead , his successor , Naoto Kan , continues to believe that Japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region .
But China has another motive for tightening the noose on rare-earth exports : it wants to force high-tech firms to operate in China , so that local companies can absorb their technologies .
A senior official of a Chinese company has said that , even though rare-earth exports have been restricted , Japanese companies can secure their supply by launching operations in China .
Trying to understand the `` Hermit Kingdom '' can be like staring into a black hole .
As with the Church or the divine right of kings , the system can not be challenged without undermining the infallibility of its perfect leaders .
Because North Korea does not repay loans , it can not borrow money ; because it reneges on deals , it drives away potential partners ; and , because it aims for autarky , it can not specialize or exploit its comparative advantages .
President Lee 's allies have rallied , rightly , to his cause , but even we recognize that his restraint can not be unending .
Kim 's hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime 's domestic crises .
The only way to increase transparency from outside is to shine a light on North Korea 's external activities , which means exposing as many connections and links between North Korea and Iran as can be found .
Similar scenes can be found throughout the T?hoku region , along Japan 's northeastern Sanriku Coast .
And , while they did bring nuclear safety to the fore and agreed to cooperate and share information with each other , efforts to meet this region-wide challenge can not succeed without bringing Taiwan into the discussions .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
But only a strong regional consensus on Afghanistan 's future can avert the prospect of a renewed struggle for mastery there .
If such a consensus can be forged , however , it will provide a foundation for further collaboration in building a pan-Asian order based on consent , not military might .
The fact that Suzuki is now practically synonymous with automobile in India suggests how close the relationship between the two countries can be .
Today , however , Japanese driving schools suffer from a fall-off in students , which can not be explained solely by declining population .
In November , US President Barack Obama can begin to redress this imbalance when he hosts the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in his native state of Hawaii .
At the Hawaii summit , Obama must orchestrate the first steps toward constructing an effective multilateral framework within which the complications posed by China 's rise can be addressed .
Of course , no textbook can provide all the answers a finance minister needs in today 's post-crisis world , particularly to meet Japan 's daunting challenges .
As a member of the European Union , Greece at least can hope for assistance from other EU members . Japan , however , stands alone with its massive debt .
Japan , however , can not afford to waste time building a new apparatus to prevent party-financing scandals .
The country simply can not keep on piling debt upon debt .
Because a mere 137 votes can get a town council member elected , a large number of foreigners with a particular interest in moving onto the island could nominate a winning candidate .
Forcing Ozawa to step down with him can perhaps be said to be Hatoyama 's only meaningful decision as prime minister , for Ozawa 's departure from the political scene -- if it sticks -- is the far more important event .
Of course , serious leaders like former prime ministers Yasahiro Nakasone and Junichiro Koizumi were able to overcome this `` shadow shogun '' system over the years , but no democracy can depend on great leaders being elected every time there is a vote .
Ozawa 's fall can -- but may not -- return Japanese politics to where it belongs : in the hands of its elected leaders .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
And , if a shock can be said to be reassuring , this one certainly soothed Asian concerns about America 's enduring commitment to regional security .
Indeed , Kim Jong-il is quoted as saying : `` When my sister turns violent , no one can stop her .
Even I can do nothing . ''
Kim Jong-il , who is known to have had a powerful attachment to his birth mother , can not help but have been psychologically affected by witnessing his mother 's killing .
The EU can not alter the international coalition 's strategy alone .
But a united EU can act as a powerful advocate for a better and more coordinated international approach .
All of this will require leadership that cuts across institutional boundaries , which can be provided only by the UN and a strong-willed individual .
The US , even under a new president , can not succeed in the region without a united front with Europe .
And Europe can not hope to achieve its aims with technical programs alone .
Argentina requires a comprehensive program to demonstrate that , in addition to the ability to generate wealth that it has shown over the past eight years , it can sustain economic growth and not revert to the volatility of the past .
Only then can Argentina achieve greater social equality and boost economic competitiveness .
The Chinese can delay , but they ca n't hide from a fundamental economic law : if the exchange rate between the currencies of two countries is fixed and capital flows between them are unrestricted , the economically dominant one will exercise control over the monetary policy of the other .
Because the dollar is the dominant world reserve currency , and America 's Fed controls the supply of US dollars , as long as China sticks to a fixed exchange rate , it can not control its own money supply .
So China can not stabilize its economy by relying on US monetary policy .
Although China will eventually lose its ability to control the supply of renminbi , because capital controls remain in place , China -- unlike Germany 's government in the early 1970 's -- can still control the supply of credit and inflow of foreign capital .
So , for now , China can bring monetary expansion under control while keeping the exchange rate fixed .
Floating the renmimbi can -- and should -- wait until China 's bank balance sheet problems have been addressed and its monetary system and capital markets become more developed and ready to play a stable role in global finance .
Everybody who has studied nuclear decay processes has been struck by the myriad possible ways in which energy can be produced .
The waste can be substantially , or even completely , reduced if we could use an alternative form of nuclear decay that is triggered by externally accelerated particles .
But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology .
Mini-powers and even terrorist groups can adopt mass blackmail as their policy .
But with its gigantic financial , economic , and technological resources , America can be an exceptional partner for Russia as well as a nemesis .
Today , due to American cooperation , Russia can do things in space that only yesterday seemed impossible .
As strange as `` space tourism '' seemed two months ago , what seems like a fairy-tale today - cooperation with America to develop systems to prevent nuclear and missile terrorism - can become a reality tomorrow if Russia acts in its own interests .
US\/Russian diplomacy can either create difficulties that will cost both countries huge sums , or the conditions in which Russian industries can develop into world class competitors .
But breaking with the policies of the 1990 's also presents grave risks , because the EU is not , and can not be , a traditional great power , and because the West 's weakness may end up rewarding -- and encouraging -- Russian revanchism .
The EU can not act as guardian of the post-Cold War status quo without risking a collapse of Europe 's current institutional infrastructure .
Russia is ready and willing to confront Europe and the West , but it can not afford and does not want to turn its back on Europe .
The EU and the United States must stop pretending that they can transform Russia , or that they can simply ignore it .
The impact of the EU 's current crisis in the Balkans can be best understood as a crisis of political imagination .
How can institutional arrangements established to stop the war be transformed into an effective guarantee for a common future that includes EU membership ?
Perhaps Maroni wants to go back to the lira so that Italy can de-value it .
Social redistribution can be effected through fiscal measures rather than by direct intervention in the labor market .
Indeed , a case even can be made that with the new leadership at the Federal Reserve expected to embrace European-style `` inflation targeting , '' we may be entering a period in which the Fed follows the ECB on critical monetary matters rather than the other way round .
Of course , not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro .
This proposal illustrates how the reform gap , and the unbalanced growth that results from it , can debilitate the European fabric by setting one partner against the other .
Both the success of the euro and the smooth functioning of the common monetary policy show that important `` European '' projects can be accomplished even without the benefit of full political union .
But with Europe enjoying an unprecedented level of economic prosperity as a result of the EU 's dramatic accomplishments during its first 50 years , further political unification clearly can wait .
But Europe can fight back .
Some on the left , motivated in part by revulsion against financial types who are thought to reap unjustified incomes , have joined forces with conventional economists , whose almost religious belief in their models has blinded them to the harm their dubious economic theory can do to the real economy and the interests of ordinary people .
No bailouts can mean no college for the kids -- or , for many , no house .
Reduced European dependence on the US export market can hardly protect Europe from the effects of the US economic slowdown if the euro appreciates as much against the key Asian currencies as it has against the dollar .
Thus , the US slowdown affects European exports in two ways . It has an indirect effect on European exports to Asia , which can be sizeable because the US market is so important for Asian exports .
Even in the case where the direct effect is small -- the decoupling assumption -- the US slowdown still can have a substantial net impact on European exports because of its indirect effect on Asian imports from Europe .
Everyone knows that the ECB can not raise interest rates now , and for some time to come .
The US Federal Reserve can cut 100 basis points from the federal funds rate and not lose control over US inflationary expectations . Yet , the ECB can not cut interest rates 1 basis point because it fears euro-zone inflationary expectations are becoming unglued .
Of course , with an augmented supply of euros , China can be expected to make substantial investments in Europe , which also is a good thing , especially since , in the United States at least , China has demonstrated a preference for investments in financial institutions rocked by the sub-prime crisis .
German exports are not being substantially damaged by the strong euro -- indeed , German costs are so competitive that exporters are confident they can cope with the euro at 1.50 dollars and even higher .
In the final analysis , cutting costs is all the Europeans can do if they want to preserve the competitiveness of their exports .
How can President Sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
Now it can be told that the central bank had 25 to 30 disaster scenarios ready in case things went badly .
Time can solve Europe 's problem .
Even though the big countries are trying to marginalize them at almost every turn , the small countries can not unite to fight the common enemy .
Therefore it can not be dull for long periods because people will then begin to doubt democracy itself .
Like stealing . Boris Yeltsin 's post-1996 government , indeed , showed that stealing can be a full-time job for ministers .
Governments who allow their political muscles to atrophy can not cope with such issues .
Yet everyone thinks that the country 's independence will be lost in an instant when farms can be sold to other Europeans , a condition of EU membership .
You can deplore such social feelings , as I do , but the myth of the Polish peasant hero standing against communist collectivization on his small private plot seems ineradicable , even if it is undeserved .
John Paul II was undoubtedly conservative when he commented on Catholic dogma , but the institution of the Catholic Church is based on the Ten Commandments and dogmas which can not be changed .
Being truthful and faithful to what is the bedrock of Church teaching can not be deemed conservative .
If we believe , as the Catholic Church believes , that human beings bear the burden of original sin , but are perfectible ; that human beings can understand what is good and bad and can choose between them because we have free will , then approval of the free market is understandable and not naive .
Indeed , as things now stand , Kosovo can not join the EU , NATO , or the UN , two-thirds of whose members , including two permanent Security Council members -LRB- Russia and China -RRB- , do not recognize its independence .
Kosovo 's apparent unwillingness to compromise until now can be partly blamed on its unstable political landscape -LRB- the government collapsed in late October and fresh elections were called -RRB- .
To be sure , a political crisis can bring the coalition down , but this can happen only if Poland 's `` wandering '' electorate decides that the PiS has let it down .
But there is a risk that developing countries , already burdened by dealing with numerous donors , will face an even greater fragmentation of aid efforts . New donors can lessen the load on the world 's poorest and increase effectiveness by working together through multilateral channels .
Russia recognizes that newer donors have experiences , ideas , and resources that can help all countries climb up the ladder of opportunity .
The risks of changing course can not be overstated .
The on-again , off-again talks on North Korea can fluster even the most experienced of negotiators .
The Globalization of Ethics Many Europeans doubt that Asia can catch up with Europe in terms of regional integration .
Ethnically homogeneous Japan is an example of how three different religions -- Shinto , Confucianism , and Buddhism -- can coexist peacefully and , in many cases , intermingle .
If Asia focuses on its trans-cultural ethical core , an entirely new spirit of unity can be developed that uses soft power instead of military force and does not know enemies , but only partners and competitors .
The point is rather to integrate values , standards , and attitudes of ethical-religious traditions that , while appearing in each culture in a specific form , are common to all , and that can be supported by non-religious people as well .
Back then , I was already venturing what is , for economists , a heretical presumption : that chaos theory should be applied to the economy ; that devastating effects can follow from the smallest causes .
The fatal human instincts of greed and hubris can be tamed only with some elementary ethical norms .
Of course , Obama is not the Messiah ; he can not work miracles .
The idea that either side can crush the other and declare victory has proven to be a seductive and dangerous mirage , leaving behind only a trail of blood and hate .
If the Americans can get Israel to agree to these straightforward requests , the situation could be ripe for a ceasefire , which in turn would be the prelude to a genuine peace process .
No serious negotiations can take place and no results can last if one party vetoes the representatives of the other side .
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
Only such an understanding can permit a start to the groundwork needed for a political resolution that can permanently end both the siege of Gaza and the occupation of Palestinian lands .
After 60 years of failures , and as the generation that lived through the Nakbeh passes from the scene , a political settlement that can provide Palestinians with freedom in an independent state alongside a secure Israel and a fair solution of the refugee problem is more necessary -- but also appears less possible -- than ever .
Under the leadership of US General Keith Dayton -LRB- Mitchell 's security deputy -RRB- , the most vigorous security checks can be made to allow such travel .
This pattern can be traced to 1967 .
You can practically see the blood of US officials boil when they discuss it .
Abbas can not resign from his post for the foreseeable future , lest the Hamas-backed speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council take over .
Whoever emerges on top will have to present an effective strategy to end four decades of military occupation and bring about a truly independent state that a majority of Palestinians can embrace .
Nevertheless , for both sides , the process can be as important as the results .
Israel insists that any serious progress will happen only if both sides can sit at the negotiating table face to face .
Of course , the public can and should be included through a national referendum in assessing the results once the talks have reached fruition and a comprehensive settlement is reached that both leaders say they can live with .
Peace between the conflicting parties east of the Mediterranean and west of the Jordan river can and must be achieved through negotiations .
It is precisely the failure to apply these values in areas such as Palestine or Iraq that has made -- and can still make -- countless Arabs vehemently anti-American .
Speaking at the UN General Assembly on September 23 , 2010 , Obama said that he hoped that `` when we come back here next year , we can have an agreement that will lead to a new member of the United Nations -- an independent , sovereign state of Palestine , living in peace with Israel . ''
The UN General Assembly , unlike the Security Council , can not declare a state , and the US has vowed to veto any Security Council resolution that recognizes Palestine 's independence .
But , if two-thirds of its members agree , the General Assembly can recognize Palestine as a state with observer status , similar to the Vatican .
Palestinians ' desire to obtain a UN vote on statehood -LRB- in whatever form -RRB- does not mean that they can not have direct negotiations with Israel .
Palestinian spokesmen , including Abbas , have said that they see no reason why representatives of the newly recognized state can not negotiate with representatives of Israel . If the UN vote succeeds , however , it will not be a people talking with their occupiers , but two states negotiating about how to manage their relations in peace and harmony .
While I understand that you are an Israeli patriot , I believe that much can be done to reduce the tensions between our two peoples , eventually leading to genuine reconciliation and peace .
Contrary to territorial withdrawal , cessation of violence can be achieved only bilaterally .
At the same time , the atmosphere among Palestinians and their attitude towards Israel must be improved , so that we can have a political environment that supports negotiations .
In any case , Hamas can not be blamed for using America 's push for democracy to attain popular goals .
Only when elected representatives deal with the day-to-day issues that face their people can they begin to tackle external negotiations .
Although ordinary Lebanese have paid a huge human , economic , and infrastructural price , Hezbollah has made it clear to the Israelis that they can no longer take their military predominance for granted .
The question now is whether this determination can bring about the type of surprising breakthrough to peace that Sadat 's newfound prestige in 1973 yielded .
Given that both conflicts were triggered by the kidnapping of Israeli soldiers to be traded for Arab prisoners , Israel must now realize that holding Arabs indefinitely in prison can only beget violence .
The unilateralism that Israelis overwhelmingly voted for in their recent election is based on the idea that security can somehow be achieved by erecting physical walls and barriers .
They need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply can not and should not be solved by brute force .
So , as Al Jazeera moves into media adolescence , it must begin to think about how it can become a social pioneer in the Arab and Islamic world .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
He can allow himself to be wooed back by his former party , the United Malays National Organization -LRB- UMNO -RRB- , the National Front 's leading member .
Arguably , the best legacy Anwar might eventually leave Malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the UMNO and the National Front , but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into Malaysian politics -- a project he has shown himself keen to promote .
The practice of politics not only can but must be reconciled with the imperatives of honesty .
Our ordinary standards of decency and righteousness can not always be applied - but not because cynicism and hypocrisy are all that matter in politics .
This does not mean that we can not identify honest politicians when we see them .
In democratic countries , if politicians who are critical of others while in opposition prove to be ineffective when in government , voters can - and often do - punish their dishonesty at the ballot box .
Only when politicians support one another 's decency can they be confident that in critical moments for the state , they can rise above their political divisions .
I am a political practitioner , first and foremost . So I know that no theory , no amount of analysis , can free a politician from bouts of soul-searching , from troubling his or her conscience with questions about what is and what is not honest when confronting political choices .
But , despite these achievements , European integration is far from complete , and it will remain so until all European countries can follow the same development path .
Doing Good Efficiently COPENHAGEN -- Policymakers can concoct many excuses not to invest in global aid and development projects .
Three weeks ago , I joined a group of five Nobel laureates and three distinguished economists to undermine one of those excuses , by providing information about where money can achieve the most good .
Even accounting for the costs to short-term losers -LRB- say , particular industries or workers with certain skills -RRB- , the overall long-term benefits can be large .
It can not be subject to a third party veto or geopolitical factors .
Lucrative business opportunities can be allocated to soothe the successor 's political adversaries , while renegades can be targeted to discourage others -- for example , by being stripped of property or dismissed from positions of influence .
But Ellwanger 's appeal , which took almost a year for Brazil 's Supreme Court to hear and decide , put Brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as Jews in Brazil - can not be allowed in the name of freedom of speech .
The Ellwanger case arose because many believe that anti-racism laws can be effective in reassuring minorities of their safety and place in the community .
The Court made short shrift of Ellwanger 's claim , because all human beings can be the victims of racism .
That principle can be captured in just a few words : `` Everyone must play by the rules . ''
France , the United Kingdom , Australia , Sweden , Norway , and Switzerland all support this urgent agenda , and agree that impunity for this type of global crime can no longer be tolerated .
But consolidating too quickly can hurt the recovery and worsen job prospects .
Our policy advice can help shine a light on the pressing issues of the day -- growth , core vulnerabilities , and interconnectedness .
Our lending can provide breathing space for countries in difficulty .
And , looking beyond the crisis horizon , the IMF can also help construct a safer and more stable international financial system .
If we seize the moment , we can navigate our way out of this crisis and restore strong , sustainable , and balanced global growth .
Everyone nowadays seems obsessed about the question as to whether or not Islam can be reconciled with modernization .
If India can now complete the unfinished business of fully integrating into the global economy , there is no reason why it can not improve upon its impressive recent growth performance .
The same story can be told about kala-azar , which is spread by the sand fly .
The notion of sustainability asserts that natural capital , such as forests , wildlife , and other natural resources can not be substituted by manmade capital .
Will anything be lost if it turns out later that we can support a much larger population than seems possible today ? ''
A strong yen can not prevent this .
It is a brave politician who can propose that a year 's economic output be lost !
As Maurice Scott shows in his book A New View of Growth , Japan 's 9.2 % annual growth rate during the peak `` miracle '' years , 1960-73 , can be explained by the investment rate , the growth in the quality-adjusted labor force , and the push that comes from `` catching up '' with the most developed economies .
So it is hardly surprising that India 's ancient past can be manipulated to fit alternative ideological preconceptions .
I can personally disprove this premise .
Aside from such examples , an economic rationale can also be provided for the origins of the Indian caste system as for European feudalism .
He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state-sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold China 's disparate groups together .
It allows countries that can produce food efficiently to ship it to those which face resource limitations that hinder food production .
Globally , more food would be produced where it can be produced more efficiently , thereby creating a more equitable , level international playing field .
Arm some of these manufactured minority structures so that they can demand autonomy at the barrel of a gun , and you get the kind of chaos the Kremlin can use to reassert its control .
Who can doubt that the hand of Russia is behind this ?
In Brazil , Chile and Uruguay , social democracy is proving that it can work .
Vázquez 's term ends in March 2010 . He can not run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close .
Unlike the Iraq operation , the planned missile defense deployment will almost certainly require approval by the Polish parliament . This approval can not be taken for granted .
The US can still win the missile debate in Europe , but only if it stops treating missile defense primarily as a technological issue and addresses the broader political concerns that are driving the debate among European publics , including those in Eastern Europe .
In a recent interview , Erdo?an noted that Turkey could be a `` source of inspiration '' for countries in the Middle East , because it has shown that Islam and democracy can coexist harmoniously .
But Turkey 's historical experience and political evolution differ in important ways from Arab countries ' . As a result , its model can not easily be transplanted .
After all , officials can not easily devalue a currency whose exchange rate is set by law , as with currency boards -- much less one that , through official dollarization , no longer exists .
If a country 's monetary policy can not be trusted , the best remedy , this logic suggests , is to limit or eliminate its capacity to have one . Yet the hard-money cure can not withstand scrutiny .
Because this arrangement requires the central bank to back the entire monetary base with foreign reserves , it can not act as lender of last resort to the domestic banking sector when crisis strikes .
Currency boards , with their strict rules governing monetary policy , make sense only where governments adhere to their own laws and can not change them by fiat .
For their part , the populists can rouse the masses but fail to offer alternatives .
Bolivia needs leaders who can move the country beyond social wars that translate into stagnation .
So expectations outpace reality , with politicians contributing to this by promising more than they can deliver -- and thus losing the trust of their constituents .
Blaming the Spanish conquerors or the economic empires of the twentieth century can not hide the fact that huge amounts of money financed corrupt governments , inefficient bureaucracies , big and useless `` development '' projects such as industrial plants or mineral mills , or a wide variety of subsidies to buy off powerful interest groups .
None of them can currently be found in Bolivia , which means that the money concentrated in the state will surely be redistributed by patrimonial and clientelistic means , siphoned off by corruption , and subjected to social pressures of all sorts .
These can and must be changed before it will be possible to expand opportunities for everyone in Bolivia to become a dignified citizen , a respected worker , and a satisfied consumer .
First , because it is , above all , a form of political representation , it can have its own local particularities .
Whereas representation in democratic countries is based on people 's confidence that they can achieve a better future under their elected leaders , in countries like Venezuela and Bolivia nowadays , representation is based on a simple identification with the leader : `` He 's one of us . ''
Concentration of resources is probably the key factor , because it increases both the discretionary power of whoever controls them and the population 's social expectations , which in the end can not ever be met , because the caudillo 's power depends on maintaining that concentration of resources . Caudillismo will be weakened only if profits are not captured by the state , but directly shared with citizens in a stable and continuous manner .
A decline in extreme poverty and inequality , and the creation of trustworthy institutions , can be achieved in the country 's beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains his rule .
Convinced that he can increase production and employment , Morales has forced the central bank to give credit on favorable terms to state-owned companies .
A caudillo can make key decisions alone , because popular support is personalized : only he is indispensable .
How has such a state of affairs arisen , and what can be done to address it ?
In fact , first attempts at spawning can be relatively unsuccessful , so a fisheries policy that depends for the most part just on first-time spawners -LRB- which is what we are approaching now -RRB- , could be especially flawed .
A bad year for recruitment in a fished-down stock means losing both the new cohort and most of the spawners , because the latter are caught before they can spawn again .
Yet the precautionary principle places some responsibility on us to hand down the living resources of the marine realm in a form that can be used as much by future generations as by us .
Ninth-grade physics , unlike ninth-grade biology , illustrates the grand sweep of the laws of nature , and the power of an equation to describe a vast number of different phenomena can be taught at this level .
The fall of a weight -LRB- or an apple ! -RRB- can be connected to the moon 's orbit around the earth and even to the structure of galaxies holding billions of solar systems .
Indeed , we can study , on a convenient classroom scale , the same forces that move atoms and planets .
Damaged by the sun , but not quite able to commit suicide , the mutated cell continues to proliferate at the expense of normal surrounding cells , resulting in a pre-cancerous growth that can progress to a full-blown squamous cell carcinoma .
The Greening of Bush The United States is usually regarded as an environmental laggard , with President George W. Bush perceived as being little better than the head of a gang of willful polluters who do everything they can to obstruct global action to protect the environment .
Many Americans can only shake their heads at the energy lobbyists who surround Bush and Vice-President Dick Cheney , and for a long time now a majority has been in favor of signing multilateral agreements , particularly in the area of climate protection .
For starters , until 2050 , only a total of around 700 gigatons of carbon dioxide can be emitted into the atmosphere .
The rich North can not continue as before , emerging industrial countries must leave the old industrial-based path to prosperity , and the rest of the world may not even embark upon it .
In this framework , the old G-7 \/ 8 can no longer function as a hegemonic center , but rather as a kind of broker and preparatory body .
This flexible -LRB- and , alas , fragile -RRB- architecture of multi-level negotiation can function only as long as it is oriented towards clear moral bases for negotiation , has sufficient democratic legitimacy , and is supported in national and local arenas of action .
The Case for Opening Europe 's Borders It is time for Europe 's politicians to admit to voters that governments can not stop people moving across borders .
Even if Europe became a police state , migrants could get through : documents can be forged or stolen , visas overstayed , people smuggled , officials bribed .
While draconian policies can curb migration somewhat , they mostly drive it underground .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
Many services can not readily be mechanized or imported -- old people can not be cared for by a robot or from abroad -- while people increasingly pay others to perform tasks that they once did themselves , freeing up their own time for more productive work or leisure .
Indeed , just as it is often mutually beneficial to import computers from China , IT services from India , and investment-banking services from Americans , it can also make sense to import Filipino care workers , Congolese cleaners , and Brazilian bar staff .
Of course , problems may arise ; learning to live together can be tough . But Europe would thrive on the cosmopolitan dynamism that results from treating immigration as an opportunity rather than as a threat .
But appearances can deceive . Despite improvements and reforms , many of Japan 's fundamentals remain woeful .
No such assumption can be made about Japan , where an aging population will intensify the closed and intellectually arid nature of its society .
A sclerotic , atavistic , nationalist , and inward-looking Japan can only aggravate the situation .
No institution , society , or civilization can survive purely on autopilot .
Her boss , Nicolas Sarkozy , is vehemently opposed , but Sarkozy -LRB- who can not speak English and is computer illiterate -RRB- can hardly be described as a twenty-first-century role model .
This can not be accomplished overnight .
But now that America and its coalition have proven themselves to be incapable of bringing stability to Iraq on their own , the French and German governments can no longer rest and smugly say , `` I told you so , '' as the situation deteriorates even further .
A UN staff protected by US marines simply can not do that job .
Precisely because they opposed the war , they are now the only countries that can restore Europe 's unity of action in promoting stability .
But France and Germany can also block European responsibility for international order and for solidarity with a US facing possible defeat in Iraq .
The opinion also included the following remark : '' modern biotechnology , as a technique used in food production , can not be regarded in itself as ethical or unethical . ''
Europeans need to recognize that strength lies in unity , and that Europe 's integration can not be guaranteed without a common constitutional framework that promotes a common identity .
Until we think in terms of European sovereignty , rather than fret over risks to national sovereignty , the present crisis can not be overcome .
Today , Europeans can not even agree on the nature of the Russian regime , let alone what policy to adopt towards it .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
Member states are divided between those that view Russia as a potential partner which can be drawn into the EU 's orbit through a process of `` creeping integration , '' and those that view Russia as a threat whose expansionism and contempt for democracy must be rolled back through a policy of `` soft containment . ''
`` Lance beat cancer and then he went on to win 5 Tour de Frances , '' a computer programmer wrote on his blog in 2003 . `` That pretty much means I can overcome whatever ills I have in my life so I can keep going after that . ''
Anecdotally , clinicians can recall `` fighters '' with cancer who die and others who `` give up '' but live .
Work can give structure and meaning to life .
But working conditions can also trigger or accelerate the symptoms of ill health - physical and mental - that feed back into our productivity and earning capacity , as well as into our social and family relationships .
But stress is worrisome precisely because even misinterpretations can add to , or result in , a wide variety of health problems , including heart disease , stroke , cancer , musculoskeletal and gastrointestinal diseases , anxiety and depression , accidents , and suicides .
They can be emotional -LRB- anxiety , depression , hypochondria , and alienation -RRB- , cognitive -LRB- loss of concentration or recall , inability to learn new things , be creative , make decisions -RRB- , behavioural -LRB- abuse of drugs , alcohol , and tobacco , refusal to seek or accept treatment -RRB- , or physiological -LRB- neuroendocrine and immunological dysfunction -RRB- .
These practices can have a positive impact on profits through increased productivity , lower staff turnover , greater amenability to change , more innovation , and better , more reliable output .
No Arab ruler can claim a mass following outside his country of the sort that Gamel Nasser , the Egyptian president who was also the acknowledged leader of pan-Arab aspirations , once did .
In Russia , the only legal option in these cases is `` total guardianship , '' which is applied indefinitely and can not be challenged by the adult in question .
Sensible macroeconomic policies , coupled with non-violent resolution of political or racial conflicts , as in , say , Namibia , Botswana , or South Africa , can set the groundwork for highly constructive partnerships .
Currently , non-EU members of NATO that contribute troops to an operation can not vote -- or even be present at votes -- when the Athena Special Committee sets the mission budget , even though their troops will fight and possibly die . This is discriminatory , undemocratic , and no way to treat important allies like Norway and Turkey .
And , although Hu can barely hide his mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned . After all , they do n't want someone controlling them who is both able and serious .
He used television and his outstanding performance to prove that modern media and information tools can curb China 's bureaucracy .
That may be true , but I also believe that a new generation of political leaders can grow up in a more open information environment .
In fact , the Central Propaganda Department 's ideological control can be maintained only through internal notices and telephone calls , which are widely scorned .
Whether most media outlet can survive is thus solely dependent on their market success .
Sooner or later , readers will start to buy newspapers that can truly inform them and give voice to their opinions .
But there are obvious limits to what can be achieved .
Decisions taken by a NATO country can have implications for other allies .
Solidarity can not be achieved when our most important institutions are excluded .
But Europe can succeed in this task only if its various constituent cultures do not seal themselves off from one another .
Within a mobile and open Europe , there can be no fencing off of foreign cultures ; contact can not be avoided .
A thirst for knowledge , a delight in engaging with the world , and empathy with people from different cultures are qualities that can ensure diversity in unity , and unity in diversity .
Of course , multilingualism , empathy , tolerance , and the acquisition of knowledge about foreign cultures can not be decreed like taxes .
But the state can and should organize a good ethical and political education that affords young people the opportunity to interact with others and recognize and accept their equality .
Liberal democracy , in its search for civic-mindedness , depends on people and institutions that can guide the way by their example , beliefs , or worldview .
You ca n't help being a prisoner within your own mind , but the least you can do is ensure that the cell is decently furnished . ''
Indeed , while closing an economy may insulate it from shocks , it can also result in stagnation and even severe homegrown crises .
Firms in such a context will have incentives to enter industries that can use their relatively abundant labor to replace relatively scarce capital , or vice versa , thereby reducing costs and enhancing competitiveness .
Government compensation for such pioneering firms can speed the process .
In such chicken-and-egg situations , in which the market alone fails to overcome externalities and essential investments go lacking , the government can play a vital facilitating role .
For developing countries , Célestin Monga and I have recently developed an approach -- called the growth identification and facilitation framework -- that can help developing-country governments increase the probability of success in supporting new industries .
In countries with a poor business environment , special economic zones or industrial parks can facilitate firm entry , foreign direct investment , and the formation of industrial clusters .
Only time can tell to what extent , and how fast , such promises will be fulfilled .
This can partly be explained by the `` catch up '' mechanism , as technologically less advanced countries imported technology from more advanced countries .
After all , a currency can appreciate while an economy is sluggish , or depreciate despite robust growth .
We can only know that once all economic players have the opportunity to decide freely on where they wish to place their financial assets .
One can only hope that Uribe has learned the lessons of doomed third-term experiments in the region -- Peru 's Alberto Fujimori and Argentina 's Carlos Menem spring to mind -- and leave the presidency on a high note .
If he does , he will probably be remembered as one of Colombia 's most successful and influential presidents , and can look forward to a continuing career as a regional and international statesman .
Yet , although some of the Kremlin 's moves seem clear and reasonable , others can scarcely be described as rational or forward-looking .
We can do what we like because we 're strong again . ''
No one can say , but Russia 's history in this regard is not a source of hope .
Polls routinely indicate that more than 80 % of Russians believe that they can make no difference in national or even regional affairs .
If historical truth is not restored , the lessons can not be learned .
No amount of material prosperity can make China a healthy society without this necessary reckoning with the past .
The first response can be described as realist : no matter who governs in America , concrete results need to be achieved .
The same can be said of Uruguay 's interest in a Free Trade Treaty with the US , as it is seeking alternatives outside of the region 's Mercosur group , and Bush remains keen on bilateral trade deals .
Only in these privileged sectors can some reforms be seen .
For the rest of the economy , the Party 's position recalls the famous line from Lampedusa 's Il Gattopardo -LRB- The Leopard -RRB- : something must change so that everything else can remain the same .
As a result , Cuba will continue to import a lot of food , most of it at a price that the population can not afford .
Cuba can not remain isolated , dependent on Venezuelan petrodollars and penalized by America 's ill-conceived trade embargo .
For this month 's election , Hong Kong 's 3.2 million registered voters can elect only 30 of the 60 seats .
If the government can influence 16 of the 30 functional votes , it can thwart proposals from the directly elected legislators .
Pollution from Hong Kong 's own power generation plants , growing number of vehicles , and burgeoning shipping industry can certainly be reduced .
It will not be easy for leaders on either side of the border to reverse gears , but there is still chance that people and companies can make a difference .
This can be done by refitting households with high-efficiency light bulbs and other technological improvements , and by retrofitting industrial plants with energy-saving technologies .
To help industries in the region upgrade environmentally , firms can now obtain special loans for which the Asian Development Bank assumes the risk -- a program made possible by Hong Kong 's sound banking practices .
But existing climate models show we can do little about it .
Yet the reality is that we can choose to make climate change our first priority , or we can choose to do a lot more good first .
Thousands died in Haiti during recent hurricanes , but not in Florida , because Haitians are poor and can not take preventive measures .
If we have a moral obligation , it is to spend each dollar doing the most good that we possibly can .
They believe that societies can be transformed by pouring money into raising educational standards .
This policy can be very affordable : providing porridge in Guatemala cost just $ 23.25 per child per year , while the monetary value of the increase in the children 's future wages is between two and four times higher .
Similarly , mistaken beliefs are often a problem : for example , diabetes is referred to colloquially as `` sugar , '' and diabetics can erroneously believe that curbing sugar intake is the only thing they need to do .
These three countries ' experiences make it clear that there are different paths to universal insurance , and that a serious attempt to enroll the uninsured can have dramatic results .
But it does mean that we can quit panicking and start thinking calmly to ensure that we focus on the right issues .
A third of the world 's mammal species and more than a quarter of all known reptiles and bird species can be found there .
If we can unlock the hidden potential in Latin America 's forests -- without destroying them -- then we could provide a solution to the problem of habitat destruction .
We can easily tally the costs of individual conservation efforts like saving the northern spotted owl .
Simply put , by controlling deforestation we can significantly affect the carbon emissions that cause climate change .
This requires developing a payment culture , as well as providing a safety net for those citizens who can not afford to pay .
Deregulation can be a big help .
Regions then can be turned into engines of growth .
The real challenge is to establish how Latin America can generate the political consensus needed to adopt the best policies to remove its infrastructure logjams .
Looking at a fast-growing city like Houston , Texas , we can see the real effect of the urban heat island .
Simple solutions can make a vast difference to temperatures .
By increasing reflection and shade , a great deal of heat build-up can be avoided .
Likewise , global warming will probably slightly increase malaria , but CO2 reductions will be far less effective at fighting this disease than mosquito nets and medication , which can cheaply save 850,000 lives every year .
We need to ask if we can do more for the world by investing differently .
They can not take preventive measures .
We can prevent HIV by handing out condoms and improving health education .
We can prevent millions from dying from malnutrition simply by distributing vitamin supplements .
Few of this region 's most important challenges can be tackled successfully unless the state can administer complex public programs .
This figure suggests that going to court can be a thankless exercise , and that many disputes probably never reach court .
Government can also reduce corruption by limiting the reach of its activities .
Under this system , voters can only vote for political parties as a whole , and thus have no influence on the order in which candidates are elected .
Developed countries generally increase their forested areas , because they can afford to do so .
To encourage less deforestation -- and more reforestation -- the best thing we can do is help undeveloped nations get richer , faster .
The book also allows readers to set their own priorities : leading economists sketch out solutions and provide cost-benefit ratios so that different policy options can be compared side-by-side , and the best ones identified and prioritized .
It would be wrong to pretend that we can do everything at once .
Candles can easily create indoor air pollution that is 10-100 times the level of outdoor air pollution caused by cars , industry , and electricity production .
A cap-and-trade system can seem like a neat market solution .
We can achieve this by spending dramatically more researching and developing low-carbon energy .
The Copenhagen Consensus gives us great hope because it shows us that there are so many good things that we can do .
Instead of helping richer people inefficiently far into the future , we can do immense good right now .
We have a moral obligation to do the most good that we possibly can with what we spend , so we must focus our resources where we can accomplish the most first .
Having more open economies allows more trade in innovation , so that new companies can almost instantly use smart ideas from around the globe .
Moreover , if we could stop global warming -LRB- which we ca n't -RRB- , the benefit for future generations would be one-tenth or less of the benefit of freer trade -LRB- which we certainly can achieve -RRB- .
Indeed , one can argue that if the models constantly get something wrong , it is probably because the models are wrong .
And if we can not trust our models , we can not know what policy action to take if we want to make a difference .
Whereas energy in terms of temperature can disappear relatively easily from the light atmosphere , it is unclear where the heat from global warming should have gone -- and certainly this is again much better than expected .
Such a statement is now commonplace for most political leaders around the world , even though it neglects to address the question of how much we can do to help America and the world through climate policies versus other policies .
In that period , many coastlines increased , most obviously in Holland , because rich countries can easily protect and even expand their territory .
Many people -- including America 's new president -- believe that global warming is the preeminent issue of our time , and that cutting CO2 emissions is one of the most virtuous things we can do .
The other option is simply to prioritize eradication of malaria today . It would be relatively cheap and simple , involving expanded distribution of insecticide-treated bed nets , more preventive treatment for pregnant women , increased use of the maligned pesticide DDT , and support for poor nations that can not afford the best new therapies .
Thus , everybody , including the poor , pays taxes so that mostly wealthier beneficiaries can feel greener .
India 's External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee recently said , `` India is very concerned about climate change , but we have to see the issue in the perspective of our imperative to remove poverty so that all Indians can live a life of dignity . ''
We need to make emission cuts much cheaper so that countries like China and India can afford to help the environment .
Coal contributes strongly to global warming , but no amount of political theater can alter the inescapable fact that it also provides benefits that we can not yet replicate with renewable energy .
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
Regardless of whether we agree with the economists , everybody must admit that we can not do everything at once .
It will produce a `` to do '' list that will demonstrate how to achieve the most that we can for humanity , which could lead , in turn , to more transparent decision-making .
Kyoto-style policies can only ever be an expensive distraction from the real business of weaning us off fossil fuels .
We can do better .
Likewise , reasonable people can differ on their interpretation of the Waxman-Markey bill .
Everybody involved in this discussion should spend more time building and acknowledging good arguments , and less time telling others what they can not say .
Everybody wants to prevent global warming , and the real question is : How can we do that best ?
And because methane is a much shorter-lived gas than CO2 , we can prevent some of the worst of short-term warming through its mitigation .
It can be eliminated with cleaner fuels and new cooking technologies .
According to the conventional wisdom of many environmental campaigners , we should first do everything we can to mitigate global warming , and only then focus on adaptation strategies .
Moreover , it is inconsistent with the inescapable fact that , whatever we do , we can not prevent all of global warming 's effects .
There has been a huge amount of research into the ways that humans cause climate change , and how we can reduce it .
The most critical issue is n't any rise or fall in emissions . It is how much climate damage we can avoid .
How much of the planet can we help by dealing with rising sea levels ?
How many lives can we spare from heat , starvation , or malaria ?
We can not rely on private enterprise alone .
But it is a basic fact that no dollar can be spent twice .
On Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania -- where the effects of global warming can already be felt -- our researcher encountered 28-year-old Rehema Ibrahim .
Climate economists widely acknowledge that there are only four policy levers that can be used in an attempt to lower carbon emissions and rein in climate change : reducing the world 's population , shrinking the global economy , increasing the efficiency of energy consumption , and decreasing carbon intensity -LRB- meaning that we create less carbon for each unit of energy that we produce -RRB- .
At the same time , the group adds , we must recognize that we wo n't make any real progress in cutting CO2 emissions until we can provide developing economies with affordable alternatives to the fossil fuels on which they currently depend . `` In short , '' the report notes , `` we need to ignite ... an energy technology revolution . ''
The point is n't that we can or should ignore global warming .
The UN tells us that there is virtually nothing we can do that would affect climate change before 2030 .
So we have to ask the hard question of whether we could do better by focusing on other issues first -- helping real people improve their lives and resilience so they can better deal with the world 's challenges .
The Swedish bank cleanup in the early 1990 's is often cited as an example of how successful this idea can be .
· A bad bank can be an effective instrument in the recovery of losses and the revival of banks .
Yet there are a number of areas of consensus where the EU can push ahead .
The motivation to implement further reforms of the internal market has weakened , leading to a situation in which even decisions by EU leaders at their European Council meetings can go ignored .
Europe 's citizens are unlikely to support measures to strengthen the EU if this means that working conditions can no longer be decided locally .
In fact , the analogy of holding victims at gunpoint is misleading , because in public decision-making we can hardly claim that everything is all right as long as we do n't pull the trigger .
Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they can not pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets .
While Russia is not as politically or economically appealing as the EU , it can fall back on reliance on its natural resources to achieve its political objectives in adjacent territories .
Such clinics can be found in many countries , including Iran , Pakistan , Ukraine , South Africa , and the Philippines .
Expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy , Saddam Hussein thinks that he can fight and win .
A sullen passivity is the most that Saddam can expect from Iraqis .
Of course , the troops may be made invulnerable to bombing by being billeted among the civilian population , but armored vehicles and artillery can not be hidden in apartment houses .
It is not clear how many street-fighters Saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces -LRB- the 5,000-man Al Amn al-Khas Special Security Service , the 4,000-man , al-Mukhabarat al-Amma General Intelligence Directorate , the 5,000-man Al-Istikhbarat al-Askariyya Military Intelligence , the 5,000 man Al Amn al-Askariyya Military Security Service , and the 8,000-man Mudiriyat al-Amn al-Amma General Security Service -RRB- whose 25,000-30 ,000 men are distributed throughout Iraq .
If it is numbers Saddam wants , he can get them from the `` Fedayeen Saddam , '' which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes . For really big numbers , there is the Jaysh al-Sha ` abi Popular Army , a party militia with 150,000 men and women in Baghdad alone .
Of course , US forces had better equipment , but well-trained forces can sometimes offset technical disadvantages to score kills if not to win .
Half of the Guard 's divisions are lighter forces with more foot soldiers for street-fighting , but the rest are armored or mechanized and thus depend on tanks and combat carriers that can be easily targeted with precision weapons .
The US and Europe are united this time , and can effectively cut off Iran from world banking , bar Iranian leaders from traveling to the West , and stop exports to Iran of everything but food and medicine .
Their aim is to discourage the US and the Europeans from starting another crisis -- financial markets and everyday politics in Europe can tolerate only so much conflict .
If Lebanon 's political forces and Nasrallah 's followers can not get him to revert to a truce , Israel will bomb more targets , including Nasrallah 's offices in south Beirut .
No one should be surprised the latest anti-tank missiles can penetrate even the heaviest and best protected of battle tanks .
He can hardly afford to start another round of fighting that would destroy everything again .
All you can find are newsreaders from national television covering the smiling faces of people who come back to Hongdong to seek their roots and pay homage to their ancestors .
They can not leave their homes to find their children .
And the corrupt officials ? You can be sure that , this time next year , they will be paying homage to their ancestors , as they tramp over the ground where child slaves were buried alive for daring to proclaim their humanity .
In today 's Internet age , moreover , no prison or censorship can destroy an idea whose time has come .
In its current fight with Google , for example , China 's government appears to think that its technologists can provide the means to maintain the old thought control .
But those who think that China 's mutant political authoritarianism and mighty economy can long prevail are guilty as well .
He always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand .
That is the other lesson that Ai wanted his audiences to understand , and it is why his spirit and message can not be crushed : there are 1.3 billion seeds with him .
When resources are scarce , or so degraded that they can no longer sustain livelihoods , or inequitably distributed , conflict invariably ensues .
It provides governments additional resources to invest in initiatives that can empower their people .
Since there is no attribution in countries ' fiscal accounts of income from products linked to natural resources , we can only hazard a reasonably informed guess about how that spending was allocated .
We live in an age of science in which people can see around corners , hear and see things happening in outer space , and clone animals .
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
The age of the universe and its size measured in light years -- these are things that the purely religiously trained ulamas can not comprehend .
We can feel victimized and criticize the oppressors , but to stop them we need to look at ourselves .
We can not ask our detractors to change , so that Muslims benefit .
With modern technology , Indonesian Muslims can see clearly the plight of the Palestinians in Gaza , the disastrous results of the American invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan , and America 's silence when Lebanon was bombed in July 2006 .
If relatively secular Turkish society could be swept by a surge of anti-American sentiment , so , too , can Indonesia society .
Today , the same industrialists , convinced that India can compete with the best , support Singh 's reforms .
At the current stage of development of many Asian economies , a 10 % increase in the median income can lead to a doubling of the middle class . And such an increase is eminently achievable .
There can be no doubt that Singh has the right instincts . He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
But these instincts can be bolstered by wise long-term policies .
The Pakistani population can easily work with the political moderation of Singh 's government .
So there is real hope that Iran can change , modernize , and open up as the rest of Asia has .
But while we can not close the gulf between us , we can try to bridge it so that we may be able to talk across it . ''
The West industrialized rapidly without worrying about climate change , contributing mightily to the stock of greenhouse gases that has led the world ever closer to the tipping point at which global warming can no longer be halted .
Both China and India can learn a lot from Japan , and both governments , fortunately , are firmly committed to increasing their energy efficiency and use of green technology .
In Singapore , regulators are developing an innovative Electricity Vending System to give 1.2 million consumers real-time price signals so that they can learn to conserve electricity during peak periods .
In these circumstances , Asians can not afford to sit back and moralize .
On the other hand , the desire to avoid confrontation can prevent meaningful agreements from being reached in a reasonable timeframe , and the appearance of consensus may merely mask the true politics at work .
Here are a few areas in which Asia -- or , more properly , Asians -- can contribute to solving some key global challenges :
A major rule in international relations is never to make a demand that can not be met .
Its preamble , which opens with the phrase `` We , the Egyptian people , '' can be read as a scathing attack on Egypt 's current political order , and calls for an end to fear and despotism .
The dominant National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- takes a different view , arguing that political change can be achieved without constitutional reform .
They can do so by speeding up reconstruction efforts and increasing humanitarian assistance .
So neither money nor military power alone can end the bloodshed , and diplomacy with the less militant Chechen leader Aslan Maskhadov seems unlikely , for three reasons . First , contacts between Maskhadov and a few Russian politicians have n't - at least as of yet - influenced the Kremlin 's position .
But he must act now , for public support can be no substitute for resolute and effective action .
It can choose to lead the Middle East into vibrant multi-sectarian democracy or slump back into corrupt local politics under foreign tutelage .
We Lebanese can already claim victory in our year-long non-violent fight for independence and democracy .
This can only be reversed by violence , which is unlikely , so strong is the consensus that Lebanon needs a new president , and so ingrained is the rejection of force by all Lebanese .
We can not always afford to wait for gatherings of world leaders and financial pledges from donor nations .
As I stressed in remarks to the Security Council last week , the UN can not respond quickly and substantially if people and money are not standing by , ready to go .
The relevant institutions can not be built quickly and can not be imported , ready-made , from abroad .
In Europe , Germany can be confident that the US would help to contain an aggressive Russia , while Russia knows that Germany will remain tied to , and thus restrained by , the US .
In the Middle East , the US confronts Iran , which seeks to expand its power by any means it can , to oust neighboring countries ' governments in favor of ideologically sympathetic forces , and ultimately to evict America from the region .
They would help to ensure that , even in an era of retrenchment in American foreign policy , the world would continue to enjoy the most important benefits of the expansive foreign policy that the US can no longer afford .
The political sentiments of many of the hundreds of thousands of people who gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over the last three weeks leave little doubt that they do want democracy , and are willing to work and even to sacrifice for it . Whether they are numerous enough , resourceful enough , patient enough , wise enough , and brave enough -- and whether they will be lucky enough -- to achieve it is a question that only the people of Egypt can answer .
Just as important for non-Americans , only robust economic growth can ensure that the US sustains its expansive role in the world , which supports the global economy and contributes to stability in Europe , East Asia , and the Middle East .
I can grasp - even at my age - my childish enduring self .
An artist who has lived under tyranny -LRB- and even one who has n't -RRB- can not ignore the barrier that separates the two roles .
I do n't dare to believe , as Dostoevsky did , that beauty can save our world .
Thus he can continue his never-ending adventure and humanize his shipwreck wherever he may be .
Cervantes ' political parody can be read in many twentieth-century East European stories .
All faces , ages , and events , sooner or later , can be found here .
You pursue your business here as only New Yorkers can , but every once in a while you look up and wonder , `` How did I get here ? '' Or , rather , `` How on earth did mankind come so far ? ''
Like America itself , although so utterly different , New York can only be comprehended `` synthetically . ''
At best you can grab a mere crumb of this frenetic global kaleidoscope .
These wounds can not be instantly healed .
This is n't , of course , an excuse for this crime or for any crime , but it can not be ignored .
Although we can not expect a miraculous reincarnation of the criminal Mailat , we can and must ask for a radical review of the situation that marginalized people like him face .
Residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like Adam Michnik or Václav Havel , both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge , as the totalitarian state did , but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society .
As far as we know , Kundera never was an informer before or after this incident , and we can not ignore that he later freed himself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated .
But can we justifiably defend morally compromised artists and intellectuals on the basis of their work 's merit , yet condemn ordinary people for often less grave offenses ?
By hijacking `` rationality '' in the belief that human behavior can be predicted -LRB- and thus potentially controlled -RRB- , today 's arrogant General Staff of economists , bankers , and bureaucrats have compromised not only themselves , but the basic notion of freedom .
But it does extend to what economists ' can know about human behavior and the market .
In this regard , the most important lesson of 1989 and its aftermath is that society 's evolution can never be perfectly prophesied .
Of course , art and culture can offer a respite from the oversimplifications of our age -- a respite that we need more than ever if we are to reckon with the destiny behind and before us .
How can you go home again if the sea has been sucked down a vast drain that opened up beneath it , emptying it who knows where , into a void ?
How can a country be expected to prosper if the majority of its citizens harbor only a secondary allegiance to the state ?
How can it progress if , as the noted author M.J. Akbar wrote , `` the idea of Pakistan is weaker than the Pakistani . ''
The point is that eventually , despite strong regional loyalties and various cultural and religious differences , the majority can identify as being simply `` Pakistani '' -- even though they may harbor radical differences about what this might mean .
This helps explain the intense corruption present in Afghan courts , where `` honor '' can be redeemed by bribing a judge to have a rapist or murderer released .
But Afghanistan can not begin to solve its many problems until it criminalizes the privatized violence of this antiquated code .
We can not succeed on one without succeeding on the other .
With international collaboration and sound policies , we can achieve that success by launching a new era of low-carbon economic growth while adapting to the climate change that is on the way .
The new proposals in this week 's report by the High-Level Advisory Group on Climate Change Financing , commissioned by the United Nations Secretary-General in February , can help make progress towards agreement at the UN climate-change conference in Cancun , Mexico , later this month .
The measures described can be scaled up if a bigger target becomes necessary .
Sound policies in developing countries , a price for carbon , and risk-sharing and co-financing with MDBs and other national and international institutions can yield private flows that are many times the public resources involved in fostering them .
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria has shown how much can be achieved through adopting a results-oriented approach to financial support .
Yet we can not decide whether this build-up is menacing .
One aspect often over-looked in foreign assessments of the PLA is its political indoctrination and the level of fanaticism this can create for an actual battlefield scenario .
The supposition that China can not become a threat in the near future , or in the next twenty years , is simplistic , because it ignores basic aspects of China 's political system .
The `` black '' economy has , by some estimates , reached 10 % of GDP in advanced countries and can top 70 % in developing countries .
But the results often fall short of the potential benefits , because VAT has helped inspire tax evaders to create even stronger networks that can hide an entire chain of transactions .
Moreover , the method is vulnerable to illicit practices , such as collecting receipts issued to foreigners and students , who can not claim their own refunds .
As typically happens in these cases , once a critical mass of tax evasion is reached , it can jump to much larger values .
Yet these violent acts can be viewed as a political conflict in the sense that young people are directly challenging the state by attacking its representatives .
There is no newly emerging Great Power that can assume responsibility for global finance , as there was in 1914 .
So fear of a panic can create a panic .
The main conclusion of my work is that policies aimed at ensuring liquidity can not only prevent bank panics , but also avoid the excess risk-taking that deposit insurance encourages .
The central bank can help with familiar tools .
In contrast to deposit insurance , however , liquidity provision can avoid moral hazard by helping only those banks that are solvent . Depositors still have a strong incentive to monitor their banks .
It can ask the central bank for help and sell some of its assets for cash .
Reaching a national consensus will be a formidable task for the Constituent Assembly , and meanwhile the Nepali people can not be expected to wait patiently until a new constitution is drafted to see real improvement in their daily lives .
If an internal EU imbalance is to be corrected , deficit countries must accept real output losses , while surplus countries can maintain or even boost their growth rates .
In principle , deficit countries may not have to go through further recession to promote external adjustment if they can generate sufficient income from exports to service their external debts .
Africa 's towns and cities have been growing at some of the world 's fastest rates , but their absolute size is so small that they can absorb only a fraction of all new workers .
The DPJ , now temporarily aligned with low-profile bureaucrats behind the scene , can now either obstruct any bill in the Upper House that is sponsored by Abe 's administration , thereby cornering him into dissolving the Lower House , or they can engage in meticulous deliberations in the Diet in the hope of demonstrating to the electorate their fitness to govern .
And , for a year , the opposition Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- and other mini-parties control Upper House , which can veto legislation .
Given Japan 's huge accumulated national debts , the LDP can no longer appease the electorate through pork-barrel spending .
Yet the LDP 's position is not hopeless , because the public remains highly skeptical that the amateurish DPJ can control the bureaucracy , either .
The mandarins have maintained their privileged position in this regard , owing partly to the tax system , which prevents the emergence of non-profit institutions , especially think tanks , where independent policy expertise can be forged .
The birth of the DPJ government can yet be a turning point .
If the DPJ can break free of mandarin control by centralizing policy formation in the office of the prime minister , as it intends , Japan can emerge as a more resilient democracy with a full-fledged two-party system and greater willingness to assume an international leadership role .
Hatoyama can not please everyone all the time , least of all the US .
If this approach does not work , and if the existing Marine base on Okinawa remains , Hatoyama can pass the buck to the US , thereby deflecting anti-base pressure from local residents .
But Ozawa remains combative , hinting that the two sides are engaged in a grudge match -- and knowing that his faction can intervene through the ruling DPJ to shake up the personnel , budget , and operations of the prosecutor 's office .
Sumo , as a traditional spectacle , can not survive without respectable patrons .
Japan and America can now agree only on what will not be implemented .
In order to ride out the hung Diet , Kan will have to reconstruct party unity by replacing at least the incumbent anti-Ozawa party chief or Chief Cabinet Secretary , and , possibly , by appointing a pro-Ozawa Justice Minister -- i.e. , someone who can block Ozawa 's prosecution in the financing scandal .
A better approach would be to ensure that digital information , like its offline variants of yesteryear , can disappear over time .
Building a Safe Nanotechnology Future We are living -- according to some -- on the brink of a nanotechnology revolution , where matter is engineered at a scale thousands of times smaller than the eye can see , and familiar materials behave in unexpected ways .
In the same way that iron can be made into products as different as skillets and swords , the usefulness or harmfulness of nanotechnology products depends on how they are crafted at the nanometer scale .
As a result , we can no longer rely on conventional ways of managing risk that are based on the raw materials alone .
We can not afford to drive blind into the nanotechnology future .
Of course , Europe 's labor immobility is partly caused by linguistic and cultural differences -- barriers that can not easily be removed .
But other barriers can be overcome by reforming housing policies , reducing the cost of moving , and revising social-welfare policies in order to end fears of losing long-term benefits .
How can we avoid the Americanization of Pax Africana ?
Unlike the EU , African unity can not be built on the will of the elites alone ;
That makes it all the more important that African countries , many of which have laid a strong groundwork for sustainable growth , have a financial system in place that can leverage remittances effectively as the global economy recovers .
Of course , numerous downside risks -- adverse weather shocks , military conflict , and political turmoil -- still can undermine the hard-earned benefits of this social and economic record .
African states must now recognize that modernizing their informal sectors by integrating them into the modern economy can be a major development tool . Yet only a few countries have started moving in that direction .
Abraham Lincoln once said that a house divided can not stand . There is an economic corollary to this : an economic house divided can not prosper .
Yet the truth can not be denied .
If Africans want to change this , they can not spare themselves a collective debate about their elites ' complicity in widespread impoverishment .
Although China 's trade , foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- , and aid may broaden Africa 's growth options , they also promote what can only be called a win-lose situation .
Now the only change he wants to make is to the constitution , so that he can retain his hold on power .
Annual growth of 1.2 % in the agricultural sector , which employs 60 % of the population , can not provide for a population that is growing at more than twice that rate .
France has secured a vast market for its products , a steady supply of cheap raw materials , repatriation of the lion 's share of local savings , unrivaled political influence , a strategic presence with military bases occupied free of charge , and the certainty that it can rely on its African allies ' diplomatic support .
The success that US President George W. Bush and his special envoy , former Secretary of State James Baker , had in getting Iraq 's foreign debts canceled or rescheduled shows what can be done when a policy is backed by political will .
Litigation can be costly and hazardous .
Only openness and accountability can reverse this trend .
It is customary to link Africa 's failures to slavery and colonization , and no one can deny such claims .
Their fecklessness and recklessness are what convince much of the world that Africans can do nothing but dance , slaughter each other , and beg .
No one , least of all impoverished Africans , can afford to repeat that mistake .
But only policies that privilege social justice and economic development can win the fight against terrorism definitively .
The IMF can cut off not only its own credit , but also most loans from the larger World Bank , other multilateral lenders , rich country governments , and even much of the private sector .
Similarly , sub-Saharan Africa 's development can not not be delegated to others .
Fortunately , there is hope that the region can resist the West 's destructive neo-liberal agenda .
Africa is the world 's only remaining `` soft target '' where outside powers can battle it out for access to mineral resources .
They derive their powers from the fragmentation of the continent , and one can not expect them to renounce that stance for the sake of the well-being of the masses .
Conflict has also communicated the unequivocal message that unity can not be secured and maintained by force alone .
Rather , it is only by respecting our diversity -- ensuring that each social group enjoys a shared sense of belonging , rather than feeling marginalized and excluded -- that the state 's unity and peace can be guaranteed .
Proof positive that proportional representation can produce strange outcomes .
It can also raise or lower the basic rate of income tax -- though by no more than 3 % -- and levy charges , such as road tolls .
Yet , despite such alarming levels of bloodshed , the insurgency has been under-reported and under-researched , barely registering on the international community 's radar screen , largely because the conflict can not be reduced to a sound bite-friendly narrative of identifiable bad guys and good guys .
Many Thai military and police officials now privately admit that the insurgency can not be defeated through security measures .
As is always the case , however , resources alone can not solve problems rooted in weak policies .
Lending large sums before assessing root causes and determining appropriate policy responses can undermine the IFIs ' credibility and reduce the capital available to assist other countries in need .
Fourth , governments and the IFIs can not solve this crisis alone , and they can not and should not crowd out the private sector .
In situations where government intervention is necessary , we must consider specific ways in which the private sector can assist in the recovery .
We can not continue to commit ourselves to delivering a more competitive Europe while denying ourselves the means to achieve it .
I appreciate that close cooperation and partnership with member states are required , and I am ready to work with them in whatever way I can to help them to transpose and apply EU law correctly .
A modern single market should reflect modern needs , and we should concentrate our efforts where they can have most effect .
We need to accept that not everything can be run from the center , which means more trust and more partnership , but also more willingness to shoulder responsibility further down the line .
If successful , they will impair the revival of a transparent , responsible , and vibrant securitization market -- a market that , if properly managed , can contribute meaningfully to sustainable , long-term economic growth .
A system that requires banks to accumulate more substantial buffers in good times so that they can let them run down in bad times makes sense both from a micro viewpoint and from a macro viewpoint .
Nor can we afford to become captives of those with the best-paid and most persuasive lobbyists .
Advances in robotics will continue to occur , with automated spacecraft that can dig and swim , and telescopes that can look for earth-like planets around nearby stars .
Over time , if uncorrected , major depression can cause such conditions as progressive mineral loss from bones , accumulation of abdominal fat , increased blood platelet reactivity , and increased risk of cardiovascular disease .
Nevertheless , one of the most interesting features of these structural changes is that they can be prevented , and potentially reversed , with medication .
This encourages the belief that structural changes in the brain that are associated with major depression can be prevented or even reversed with the right medications and other treatments .
Psychosocial stress of this type not only alters cognitive function in lower-ranking animals , but it can also promote disease -LRB- for example , atherosclerosis -RRB- among those vying for the dominant position .
And , because the social environment has powerful effects through the brain on the rest of the body , public and private-sector policies can have a positive impact on health , providing a top-down benefit to brain and body function .
Moreover , the cure can be worse than the disease .
Thus , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- can not rely on observed domestic money growth or interest rates to indicate whether monetary policy is too tight or too loose .
Thus , the market can establish the necessary interest differential only if interest rates on yuan assets fall below their dollar equivalents .
Others disagree , arguing that the mind can protect itself by banishing memories of trauma from awareness , making it difficult for victims to remember their most horrific experiences until it is safe to do so many years later .
Whether individuals can repress and recover memories of traumatic sexual abuse has been especially contentious .
Two serious conclusions follow from all this : first , any change to the voting rules of the ECB 's Governing Council should minimize the potential for regional bias , which can only grow with expansion eastward .
The sometimes intolerable withdrawal symptoms that can make it difficult and hazardous to stop taking anti-depressants also expose many users to severe and depressing side effects : substantial weight gain , loss of libido , and mood changes , to name just the most common complaints .
If and when this crisis is ever properly investigated , it will not so much open a can of pharmacological worms , as expose questions about what medicine is and should be .
But this crisis revealed these reports ' fundamental inadequacies , such that users ' experiences with drugs can never credibly be ignored again .
You can see that on the streets and squares of Kiev .
Kiev now possesses a lively cafe life , and bright public places where people can relax and enjoy life .
Only radicals and populists -- of which we retain too many -- can afford a devil-may-care attitude toward making the state function more efficiently .
The provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
What can Russians be proud of in the 15 years of postcommunism ?
Victory Day this year will likely be the last `` round '' anniversary of 1945 that Russia can commemorate while many thousands of veterans are alive and able to participate .
Only by understanding that first event , however , can we understand the others .
In New York City , one can get help during the weekends to prepare meals for the coming week , with a culinary expert to advise you on the recipes , buy the groceries , and do part of the cooking .
After all , women professionals do not have to choose between a career and children , but can enjoy both .
Europe can not afford to waste valuable human capital at a time when China and India are on the rise and its own population is aging .
Not only can and must fathers assume a greater role in child rearing ; a large part of homemaking is perfectly suitable to be met by the market .
Such exclusionary group dynamics can be overcome only by attaining a critical mass of women in high-ranking positions .
Evidence for this can be found in Western Europe .
One ca n't get a manicure in Amsterdam without booking an appointment two weeks in advance , but men can buy sex anytime -- and at an attractive price .
It is incomprehensible that their clients are not prosecuted for rape , but Dutch politicians argue that it can not be established whether or not a prostitute works voluntarily .
The desirability of generous public pensions , on the other hand , can not be dissociated from their cost to taxpayers .
These protections have no place in a constitution , particularly one that can not be easily amended .
Fortunately , this fault line in the British safeguards can be corrected without jeopardizing the document .
For even if we believe that buyers and sellers of organs can in principle enter the transaction on the basis of free choice , none of them has chosen to face the underlying dilemma in the first place .
Her style since arriving in Brussels as the EU 's foreign-policy chief has been distinctly unassuming , but that does not mean that she can not now show her mettle and seize the initiative .
But the EU can make a much more positive and important contribution to the Arab awakening by launching an economic strategy along the lines laid out by Italy 's foreign minister , Franco Frattini , and Britain 's deputy prime minister , Nick Clegg .
The question , therefore , is whether Europe and Russia can establish a new framework for talking to one another .
This uncertainty is beginning to focus attention on the fundamental question of whether the EU can continue to choose its leaders in such a strange and furtive manner .
Others believe the EU can not continue being run along the same lines as in Beijing or even Pyongyang . It 's an issue that will confront any new team chosen by the old methods .
If he is to reassure EU national leaders that they should re-appoint him , then he needs to signal that his second term can hold out fresh promise .
As the global financial crisis transforms itself inexorably into economic crisis and now industrial crisis , the cry `` where 's Europe ? '' can be heard across the EU .
Unless the EU 's internal-market rules can be made more flexible , member governments will flout them .
The European elections are themselves curious and unsatisfactory ; there are no obvious EU-wide issues that people can vote for or against , and , with the average MEP 's constituency numbering well over half a million people , the vote is not a test of personal popularity , either .
It ca n't raise taxes , declare war , or sack a government -LRB- even though in theory it can dismiss all the members of the European Commission en masse , the so-called `` nuclear option '' that is unlikely ever to be used -RRB- .
The country can no longer play the role of transatlantic mediator between France and America .
It can forget about US support in its campaign to gain a permanent seat in the UN Security Council .
At long last , they say , German leaders can use the unrestricted sovereignty Germany acquired with reunification in 1990 .
Together , these three countries represent the complete diversity of foreign policy traditions that one can find in the future 25-member EU .
In practical terms , the West must increase its direct support for local NGOs and campaigners -LRB- although in countries like Egypt it will first need to get the Government to change the law so that they can receive foreign funding -RRB- .
Second , the US and its European allies need to help create the external security environment and regional context in which democratic change can occur .
Working with moderate Arab states , we can create a new regional security regime for the Greater Middle East , modeled on the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe .
Meanwhile , NATO can provide the peacekeeping capabilities needed to help rebuild Afghanistan and Iraq .
It can also promote more democratic practices in peacetime by extending cooperation under a Middle East version of NATO 's Partnership-for-Peace program .
I have forgotten the details of their conversation , but I can still hear my grandmother 's sigh of relief when she said `` Thank God we lost that war ! ''
A violent conflict in the past may survive as a war of memories in the present , as can be observed in the current dispute between China and South Korea on one side , and Japan on the other .
Although it is true that thousands of the civilians killed in Dresden and other German cities were innocent at an individual level , there can be no doubt it was morally imperative that Germany be defeated collectively .
Similar exceptions will probably be made for other countries that can not reconcile aspects of the new pact with their national circumstances .
Organized purely as an intergovernmental policy program , the pact can not work , because EU member states can not be trusted to monitor their own performance and enforce sanctions on their peers -- or on themselves .
It is hard to imagine how Europe 's policy differences can be overcome by the leaders ' self-imposed March deadline , when the next summit will take place .
The good news for those who desire stability and democracy in Iraq is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can not `` win '' in the traditional sense of replacing the government and forming a new regime .
The bad news is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can eventually evolve into a coherent , efficient , and purposeful one .
This would obviously pose a much more serious threat , but even an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can survive and block stability , democratization , and prosperity for many years .
To return to the analogy , urban street gangs can not seize political power , but they can certainly keep their neighborhoods dangerous , backward , and grim .
The goal is to keep most of the force stationed at home in the US , with a network of lightly-manned bases abroad that can serve as forward operating locations during a crisis or war .
One school believes that modern terrorism can not be eradicated , or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high .
The second school of thought contends that terrorism can be eradicated by addressing its root causes .
But the ultimate solution , according to Bush , is the creation of fair and open political and economic systems that can eliminate anger and frustration through peaceful means .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
The Bush position also assumes that fundamental political and economic change is feasible and affordable -- that open political and economic systems can be sustained with only modest effort -- because the desire for freedom and prosperity is universal .
But history suggests that new , fragile democracies are more likely to attempt to placate radicals than to eliminate them , and that terrorists can exploit democratic governments ' respect for civil rights and the rule of law .
The horrible truth is that failure to eradicate the root causes of terrorism is almost certain to extend the Age of Terrorism , it is not clear that they really can be eradicated .
Unfortunately , the world is at a point where it can see the danger from terrorism but not the cure .
Until China decides that it has more to gain from a more legitimate government in Burma than it does from the current incompetent military regime , little can happen .
To encourage China to take the lead in fostering national reconciliation in Burma , the international community must convince China that pushing for reform and change can be a win-win proposition .
Such an international process simply can not happen without China .
Countries must commit not to withhold exports of key natural resources for political reasons , and to doing all they can to maintain and promote open markets based on principles of reciprocity and long-term sustainability .
All economies must address the domestic dislocations that can accompany the freeing up of markets .
Although the proliferation of bilateral trade agreements around the world is a positive development , the global economy will suffer enormously if these deals end up coming at the expense of comprehensive agreements , which can do exponentially more to foster global growth .
The G-20 can also play a stronger role in enhancing the skills of regulators in a globally interconnected environment , and should develop a mutually agreed regulatory framework for evolving financial markets .
Educating and empowering poor and disadvantaged groups around the world , including women , is not only a moral imperative , it is also one of the best investments in long-term , sustainable growth that world leaders can possibly make .
With America less able to play the leading role in managing the world economy , in some ways responsibility has now shifted to the G-20 , with the US and China in the forefront , to set a course of collaboration and coordination , in word and in deed , that can guide global economic growth for the twenty-first century .
Russia 's message to other West-leaning countries in the former Soviet world was clear : America can not protect you .
The world is not ready for the post-American era , and countries like China and India must play a far greater role in strengthening the existing institutions of world peace and , where appropriate , building new ones that can promote a positive agenda of security , dignity , rights , and prosperity across the globe .
But America can make it so only by recognizing the great challenges it faces and taking bold steps towards addressing them , at home and with allies abroad .
It is impossible to overestimate how significant a step Barack Obama 's election is in this direction , but America 's actions over the coming years will be the ultimate determinant of whether the power of America 's model can be restored .
Until this happens , let us all hope that America can get back on track as the global champion of collaborative action to address the world 's greatest challenges and work with as many other countries as possible to move collectively in the right direction .
It is equally clear that Asian states are not yet ready to assume the more meaningful leadership in global affairs that will be necessary to ensure that this tectonic shift can make the world more stable and secure than it has been .
Moreover , if China , India , and the ASEAN states take the lead in promoting a just resolution for the people of Burma\/Myanmar , or if China proves more willing to press North Korea on nuclear weapons , these states will demonstrate that a world with multiple leading stakeholders can be safer than a world led by a single superpower .
Until this structure emerges , let us hope that America can lead wisely and that other countries , particularly Asia 's new powers , will assume more meaningful responsibilities in managing global crises .
The United States and its allies can not succeed in Afghanistan unless the Afghan government itself succeeds .
Today , many parts of the Afghan state are rotting from within . Systemic corruption can be found at all levels .
Whatever the causes , official corruption is creating a situation in which many Afghans fear the rapaciousness of the government nearly as much as they dislike the Taliban , which can now credibly claim the ability to provide security and swift justice in the areas they control , albeit at a very high price .
Democracy and the rule of law could conceivably be an effective alternative to what the Taliban offer , but the government can not credibly claim to provide either , not to mention basic services , on a consistent basis .
Corruption can be addressed only if the Afghan government itself takes primary responsibility for addressing it .
Internally generated reform is the only reform that can work , and it can not occur if Afghan officials take international assistance for granted or see themselves as subordinate actors in their own reform process .
As was the case in South Africa , this approach can lay an essential foundation for a sustainable and effective reconciliation process .
If these grievances can not be addressed through legitimate means , they will find other far less healthy outlets over time .
Sri Lanka must do far more to ensure minority rights and protections not just because it is the right thing to do , but because it is the best possible investment the country can make in its future .
The `` what if '' game can be played out endlessly .
We often think of history as something inevitable , a culmination of great , grinding forces that can only lead to one destination .
Twenty years later , we can only marvel at how brilliantly they performed .
To this day , I can hardly remember it without tears .
As has been made clear from the ethical debates on stem-cell research , a global policy can not easily be adopted or enforced , nor should it be .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
Governments must establish an enabling environment for the private sector to create jobs , and officials can not consider the public purse to be a private bank account .
But the argument should not be about whether to provide aid -- no one can question the many successes that aid has brought , or its importance in providing a safety net for those who would otherwise be left to suffer .
Although this is largely the case , no one can claim that Africans have a monopoly on governance failures .
Scientists can not feed toxic chemicals to people , for example , to see what doses cause cancer .
This can delay for years the expenditures required to protect people 's health and the environment .
At this crucial moment , we call on Europe to open itself toward Ukraine , a great European country whose needs and aspirations can not be forgotten in the process of constructing the new Europe .
In the years since it regained its independence , Ukraine has proved that it can play an important and constructive role in the region .
Today I can see Bronis?aw Geremek , who died in a car crash a few weeks ago , in jail in Bia?o??ka and hear his hoarse shouts from behind the bars of the prison on Rakowiecka Street .
He believed that everyone can change for the better , and that we must nurse the spirit of dialogue , tolerance , and the ability to forgive and to reconcile .
If a bank can not be recapitalized , it should be resolved and liquidated .
Now , all can see these income differences .
But they can not fail to notice that the processes they support undercut their own position by rendering the wealth gap more obvious and the fairness of the actual global distribution more questionable .
Poorer or smaller countries can hardly dream of winning a European championship , as Steaua -LRB- Romania -RRB- , Red Star -LRB- Serbia -RRB- , or Nottingham Forest -LRB- now languishing in the English third division -RRB- once did .
Eto'o can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon .
As soon as people can not move , there will be little to stop governments from limiting the free movement of goods or other factors of production .
After all , if over-populated countries with high unemployment can not export people , why not reach for higher tariff barriers to protect the jobs they have ?
The war on terror has shown us the dangers that can arise from the social frustrations that often result .
People nowadays know much more about conditions in different countries than they did in the past , and if moving across a border means that their income can be multiplied several-fold , they will try to do it .
Nearly three years later , there is only stalemate -- to match the wider stalemate in the search for a Palestinian state that can live alongside Israel .
Indeed , the UN 's wanton sacrifice of science and technology to its own bureaucratic self-interest creates significant obstacles to innovation that can help the poorest of the poor .
During the past decade , delegates to the UN-sponsored Convention on Biological Diversity negotiated a `` bio-safety protocol '' to regulate the international movement of GM organisms . It was based on the bogus `` precautionary principle '' which dictates that every new technology -- including , in the case of GM , an improvement over less precise technologies -- must be proven utterly safe before it can be used .
An ounce of prevention is certainly desirable , but because nothing can be proved totally safe -- at least , not to the standard demanded by many regulators -- the precautionary principle has become a self-defeating impediment to the development of new products .
`` If there is a Codex standard , '' she points out , `` one country can not file a challenge -LRB- for unfair trade practices -RRB- against another country which is following the Codex standard .
But when there is no Codex standard , countries can challenge each other on anything . ''
But the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health , stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity , help clean up toxic wastes , conserve water , and supplant agricultural chemicals .
I find this to be a rational strategy , given the heavy toll that infections take , and that many can be prevented and treated at a relatively modest cost .
Another example is cervical cancers , many of which can be prevented by vaccines against human papilloma virus .
And acetic acid can be used to visualize cervical cancers , which can then be treated with cryotherapy -LRB- freezing -RRB- .
However , the study can not conclude that long work hours cause cardiac disease .
The European Medicines Agency was more measured , saying in a statement , `` Based on this observational study alone , the risk can not be associated with certainty to the growth hormone treatment .
Genetic engineering can be dated from man 's recognition that animals and crop plants can be selected and bred to enhance desired characteristics .
An authoritative 1989 analysis of genetic technologies by the US National Research Council summarized the scientific consensus : `` With classical techniques of gene transfer , a variable number of genes can be transferred , the number depending on the mechanism of transfer ; but predicting the precise number or the traits that have been transferred is difficult , and we can not always predict the -LRB- traits -RRB- that will result .
To be sure , good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of H5N1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected , so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures , including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain .
Intensive animal husbandry procedures that place billions of poultry and swine in close proximity to humans , combined with unsanitary conditions , poverty , and grossly inadequate public health infrastructure of all kinds , make it unlikely that a pandemic can be prevented or contained at the source .
However , a strategy can be `` cost-effective '' only if it is feasible .
In developing countries , 200-300 million children of preschool age are at risk of vitamin A deficiency , which can be devastating and even fatal .
But for someone as smart as Gates , who can afford to hire experts on any subject under the sun , some of his foundation 's strategies are baffling .
How can we drain the public-policy swamp ?
The goal of `` synthetic biology , '' as the field is known , is to move microbiology and cell biology closer to the approach of engineering , so that standardized parts can be mixed , matched , and assembled -- just as off-the-shelf chassis , engines , transmissions , and so on can be combined to build a hot-rod .
Nobody can be sure about the consequences of making new forms of life , and we must expect the unexpected and the unintended .
But its potential can be fulfilled only if regulatory oversight is based on science , sound risk analysis , and an appreciation of the mistakes of history .
In short , despite rosy appearances , Brazil clearly faces a complex and , in some respects , daunting agenda , which newly elected President Dilma Roussef can not be expected to accomplish within her current mandate .
I visited Ghana recently and like many others left asking : how can a `` developing '' country be developed ?
My hosts , the Kweku Hutchful Foundation , invited me with a different question in mind : How can Ghanaian leaders be developed ?
Of course , Annan can hardly control the UN by imposing great strategies on everyone else , as American corporate CEOs do .
This self-respect is fostered by organizations and institutions that can likewise stand on their own feet , building on the best of their own cultural traditions .
Micro-financing -- small loans to self-employed craftspeople and the like -- can help .
To be sure , foreign corporations can do good things : bring in fresh ideas , techniques , and processes , as well as capital and the scale required in some contemporary forms of manufacturing .
Pride , dignity , and self-confidence do not figure in economic theory : they can not be measured .
So a company that fires all its workers and then ships from stock can look very productive -- until it runs outs of stock .
Of course , no company can do that , but many US companies have been shedding workers and middle managers in great numbers -- the figures for January 2008 were up 19 % from a year earlier .
No one can determine how much of America 's productivity gains in recent years have resulted from squeezing human capital , because such things are not measured .
And , in fact , much of the US productivity increase in the 1980 's and 1990 's can likely be attributed to large-scale investment in information and communications technology .
This shift to `` heroic '' leadership can be seen in ballooning CEO compensation .
To the extent that China 's authoritarian regime is by nature exclusionary -LRB- it can only incorporate a limited number of elites -RRB- , the co-optation strategy will soon run up against its limits , and the Party will no longer have the resources to buy off the intelligentsia or keep private entrepreneurs happy .
At the same time , selective repression can contain social frustrations and discontent only temporarily .
Incidentally , I think it would be far more revealing to draw up a list of those states that have destroyed or damaged the relationship of trust with their citizens to such an extent that they can only secure their tax revenues by criminalizing tax evasion and trampling on privacy .
Moreover , reliance on the Nehru\/Gandhi name prevents the party from addressing its malaise because many party leaders still think that they can rely on the old magic to win .
Only such decisive actions can break India 's cycle of divide and misrule .
The nearly perennial flooding of the Tisa River in Hungary -LRB- a new EU member state -RRB- can not be controlled if the water management practices in upstream countries Ukraine -LRB- a new neighbor -RRB- and Romania -LRB- a next-wave accession country -RRB- are not addressed .
The EU can not reduce carbon emissions within its borders if it does not cooperate with Ukraine and Russia : carbon dioxide emissions per capita in these two countries rival that of many West European states , even though their per capita income is 15 to 30 times lower .
Inflows of skilled labor from the east and south can offset Europe 's growing demographic imbalances .
Intelligence and military analysts debate how much of the violence is due to the presence of foreigners , though it is widely conceded that most of the attacks can be attributed to what American officials call `` former regime elements , '' with the Iraqi Sunni community the main pillar of the resistance .
The most radical differences in opinion can be found in communal perceptions of control of the future -- the possibility of building a better life in post-Saddam Iraq -- and security .
The American-led coalition can help by taking more steps that would reinforce a message of hope and optimism for the exhausted and demoralized Sunnis of Iraq .
The key question , of course , remains whether these values can be translated into a peaceful reality .
Should Mousavi persuade Khamenei to reconsider his position , the Supreme Leader 's hold on power will be shaken . If Khamenei holds fast , Mousavi can not gain the presidency , but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of Iranians who differ dramatically with their government .
What can be done to break this pattern ?
This change in relative costs can release a country from the trap of poverty , setting the stage for a demographic transition and economic advancement .
Public schooling , too , can release people from the poverty trap , because highly educated people have a comparative advantage in raising quality children .
They used a chair as a mock target , leaving him satisfied that Islamic caning can be appropriately used as a punishment for women .
Her sentence was roundly supported by modernist Muslim intellectuals , who insisted that the punishment was justly applied and can not be questioned because it has divine sanction .
As a result , the UMNO finds itself squeezed between an Islamic lobby that presses for greater `` Talibanization '' of the country and the rising voices of international critics , who can not be ignored , because the party needs both radical supporters and foreign investors to stay in power .
In foreign policy , one can only guess what her priorities would be .
For the Socialist Party , which is eager to return to power but has not yet recovered from the humiliating defeat of Lionel Jospin in the first round of the presidential election in 2002 , the question is whether it can afford to resist the wave of favorable public opinion behind Royal .
But the same criticism can be directed at Sarkozy .
To a large extent , Sarkozy can be seen as Chirac with more , whereas Royal is clearly Mitterrand with less .
Energy wealth gives them a sense of unique opportunity , the conviction that time is playing in their favor , and that they can now redress the humiliations they have suffered from the outside world .
Are Russians so different from us in the western democratic world , or is democracy a luxury that only old , stable , prosperous , and satisfied societies can afford ?
The multiplication of assassinations of political opponents and economic rivals , the mafia practice of contract murders , can not be seen as signs of a regained stability . Nor can the Putin regime 's manipulation of popular xenophobia against citizens of the former Soviet empire , such as Georgians .
Eventually , they will have to recognize that modern nations can not live by power alone .
They intuitively sense that they can no longer rely only on the absolute security guarantee represented by the United States ' combination of active and passive support .
All these developments subtly indicate a deep trend that can be formalized in one sentence : America 's unipolar moment , which began in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Empire , is over .
It is the EU that can make multi-polarity work if it plays its role positively .
Europe has a unique chance to demonstrate that it can make a difference in America 's post-unipolar moment . It starts right now in the Middle-East .
The world that Europe has called for is coming closer , and it can fail abysmally without the EU or improve at the margin thanks to it .
That diplomatic project is far from absurd . The rise of Hamas in Palestine and Hezbollah in Lebanon as instruments of Iranian ambitions can only worry moderate Arab regimes .
But can today 's Iran be compared to the Soviet Union ?
The dilemma concerning Iran is whether a power imbued with an `` absolute '' ideology can be allowed to be in control of an `` absolute '' weapon .
The combination of respect and interest they see in the way the world now views China can only reinforce their sense of confidence .
The resounding success of the Africa-China summit , which was attended by more African leaders than purely African gatherings ; the diplomatic rapprochement between India and Japan ; and the democratic alliance in the making between India , Japan , and Australia can only be interpreted as signs of China 's newly regained position .
The new consensus can be described as follows : Ségolène Royal can not defeat Nicolas Sarkozy , but Sarkozy can defeat himself .
Whereas Sarkozy has managed to impose himself on the right without the support of Jacques Chirac , the Socialist heavyweights can not fully convince themselves to come out behind Royal .
Voters like to be consulted , and citizens love to express themselves , but at the end of the day , they want a leader , someone they can trust .
So it is too early to say whether Bayrou can reach the second round .
But the world 's interest in the French presidential campaign is greater than ever , and can be compared only with the attention generated by Mitterrand 's election in 1981 .
In a classical Left-Right contest she can only lose .
Segolène . Royal has done well , but probably not well enough , unless in a face to face debate with Nicolas Sarkozy she can rally a majority of viewers to the radical modernity of electing a woman to the highest French position .
His votes are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between Left and Right , for he can not commit himself to clearly support one candidate over the other .
One can nearly detect a kind of `` North-South divide , '' with south Europe -LRB- pre dominantly Spain and Italy standing behind Segolène Royal , and northern Europe , predominantly Germany and Britain -LRB- the US as well -RRB- aligning themselves behind Nicolas Sarkozy .
Watching the celebration of patriotism behind the raising of the French flag and the singing of the national anthem during the first round of the campaign , one can easily believe that the British vision of a Europe of independent nation states has won already , if only by default .
At this particular juncture in time and given the condition of their economy can the French reject the candidate that incarnates by far the best hope for change and `` Renaissance . ''
China and Russia in the New World Disorder Can Kosovo achieve independence without the tacit consent of Russia , and can there be a humanitarian and political solution to the tragedy in Darfur without the active goodwill of China ?
Less than 20 years ago , the Czech Republic and Poland were part of their sphere of influence , so Russians understandably can not accept the US unilaterally implanting its security system there .
It comes from within , but can be reinforced or weakened by the way others perceive you .
At the same time , lack of confidence on the part of a country , a culture , or a civilization can be just as dangerous .
The deep conviction that reform can only lead to revolution and chaos results in a stultification of reality that can lead to immobility and despair -- and thus become a dangerous and self-fulfilling prophecy .
And if overconfidence is so dangerous , can restraint and modesty be taught to those who do not have it ?
Confidence can come from three things : hope , pride , and progress .
Only the self-correcting mechanisms of truly democratic regimes can ensure the right balance .
As always , words are important , because they can easily be turned into weapons that boomerang on those who use them inappropriately .
That plot , which included a young German convert to Islam , showed once again that terrorists can threaten us from both without and within .
The nihilistic and destructive instincts that some young Germans of the Baader\/Meinhof generation acquired from extreme leftist ideology in the 1970 's , it seems , can be transformed into a `` romanticization '' of al-Qaeda .
The paranoid reaction of neoconservatives in America to the terrorist threat can only accelerate that process , if not render it inevitable , by endangering our democratic values and thereby weakening the `` soft power '' of the United States , while giving fuel to the terrorist cause .
With a nod to Wall Street , we can say that the Alliance is up , Europe is flat , and the United States is clearly down .
Second , one can not speak of NATO without noting that the Alliance 's twin pillars -- Europe and the US -- are not in great shape .
One can not simultaneously defend the Alliance in the name of Europe and weaken Europe with fits of populism and economic nationalism .
Moreover , financial and human resources for military affairs are scarce and can not be duplicated , while France and Britain want to restart the Saint-Malo process of bilateral defense efforts launched nearly ten years ago .
Those divisions are now history , and American reservations about a European security pillar can not trump America 's pressing needs for allied support .
Confronted with disaster in Iraq , the risk of Afghanistan following Iraq into chaos , and the escalating crisis with Iran , the US can no longer treat the NATO allies with disdain .
Likewise , the current period in America and its relations with the world have been truly exceptional , requiring a leader who can fundamentally challenge a global majority 's view that America has become arrogant , impotent , and selfish .
If Obama can make a difference , it is not because of his policy choices , but because of what he is .
By virtue of his unique personal history , he can bridge Africa , America , and even Asia -- where he studied as a young boy in a Muslim school -- thereby reviving the universal image and message of America .
If America can move from a culture of fear to one of hope -- and again incarnate hope for the world -- it will require a leader who embodies the American dream : modern and armed with a humanistic religious message , in contrast to the anxious irrationalism of the Christian conservative movement that fueled Bush 's political base .
Regardless of whether Obama can deliver on his promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000 .
But Obama can learn from the early mistakes made by Jimmy Carter in the mid-1970 's .
But the superb sunshine in Davos these days can not avoid the shadows of the financial crisis that have enveloped the world , casting an atmosphere of gloom and doom on this year 's meeting .
Today , when America catches pneumonia , can Asia only sneeze ?
In the latest issue of Foreign Affairs , Forum 's founder and president , Klaus Schwab , asks `` How can business help save the world ? ''
How can you pretend to be acting to change the world if you no longer understand it ?
You can not proclaim your impotence in the face of empty state coffers after pushing through useless and costly tax breaks for the richest .
And you can not adopt a Churchill-like call to sacrifice when you indulge in a series of highly publicized luxury weekends with your latest fiancée .
Perhaps too much uncontrolled rupture in style can ultimately lead to paralysis in substance .
To claim that politics and sports can be any more separated in today 's media age than they were in the past is especially naïve .
But selective responses to the actions of dictatorships can be problematic and counterproductive .
NATO 's aim can not simply be , to use Lord Ismay 's famous formula , `` to keep America in , Russia out and Germany down . ''
One thing is certain ; a `` shrinking West , '' as long as it retains some influence , must create the best institutions it can during the time it still has .
After the Irish `` No , '' can the Union find salvation in NATO 's idea of a `` coalition of the willing '' ?
And yet he is the least popular of the Fifth Republic 's presidents , the one whose `` fall from grace '' with the French has been the most spectacular , rapid , and durable , to the point where political experts , and his friends and foes alike , wonder whether he can rebound .
For a president bent on implementing reforms , `` less can be more '' -- less aggressiveness and less ego .
But can a man act against his deepest nature ?
The EU is truly `` convincing '' only when it can use the seductive power of a membership card . But Russia is not interested in joining , at least not on Europe 's terms .
On the other hand , can it afford to grant Russia the de facto right to control , directly or indirectly , countries like Georgia today and Ukraine tomorrow ?
A `` Third Way '' for Confronting Russia PARIS -- `` Let 's engage Russia if we can , but contain it if we must . ''
`` Do not fool yourself . Nationalism and imperialism will lead you nowhere ; you can not expand geographically without serious costs to your economic growth and your personal enrichment .
But the containment argument fails , because the Kremlin can still make mischief around the world by acting with Syria or Venezuela in an irresponsible manner .
After all , this is Europe more than six decades after World War II , and nearly 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union . The use of force to settle scores and impose one nation 's will upon another can not be accepted passively .
How can you define yourself to the West , when the West has so spectacularly and visibly changed its appearance , if not its essence ?
The perception that Obama can transform the view that the US and the West have of themselves is an important factor in the emotional gap that may exist between Asia and Europe on the eve of America 's presidential election .
It is a noble hope , but also a dangerous one , for dreams can easily turn into nightmares .
These are the major questions looming before us as the president-elect prepares the American people for what can only be a rough ride ahead .
You can ask for greater sacrifices and require greater patience from people whose trust and full support you have managed to gain .
But this should not go too far , for there are limits to what the state can do , and the strength of private initiative constitutes one key aspect of America , which became the world 's leading nation thanks to its dynamism , flexibility , and individual inventiveness .
The idea that you can make a difference not only for yourself but for your country and the world , that self-interest and personal enrichment are not the only possible goals in life for the `` best and the brightest , '' has slowly and irresistibly been gaining ground in the Obama generation .
Obama has a unique combination of intellect , character , and -- so far -- luck , but can he prove able to channel Abraham Lincoln , Franklin Roosevelt , and Winston Churchill at the same time ?
Will Europe rise to the occasion and seize the opportunity created by America 's daring and exhilarating choice to prove to itself and to the world that the old continent can exist as a power and a united actor ?
The same can not be said of Sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
The EU desperately needs a strategic and diplomatic partner that can significantly reinforce its clout in the Middle East .
But can positive American gestures towards Turkey , a key NATO member , be sufficient to offset Israel 's insensitive , if not reckless , policies ?
We can only hope that , in the end , the consequences of 2009 similarly prove to be far less dramatic than we now -- intuitively and in our historical reflexes -- feel them to be .
A majority of Israelis are even more convinced today than they were yesterday that they can count only on themselves and , at the margin , on the Jewish Diaspora .
If the United States wants to be seriously involved in a renewed peace initiative , it can neither ignore nor passively accept the hierarchy of Israeli emotions .
So what can be done to promote an `` Americanization '' of Europe in political terms and a `` Europeanization '' of America in social terms ?
Animated collectively by a combination of natural optimism and deep nationalism , Americans have made their president 's campaign slogan , `` Yes , we can , '' their own .
The ambition of a country and a society born of the principles of the Enlightenment can not be to create a people armed to the teeth with guns yet entirely disarmed in the face of illness .
Europe suffers from a shortage of leaders who can speak in its name ; from a shortage of ambition -LRB- what , after all , is the collective ambition of Europeans now that the EU is perceived more as part of the problem than part of the solution -RRB- .
Of course , the US can not be compared with a Union that is nowhere near becoming a United States of Europe .
In this case , one can really say that `` less is more . ''
In today 's global age , with the rise of emerging powers and the relative decline of the West , the only Europe that will be taken seriously is a Europe that can speak and be seen as one .
Europe simply can not count on the British , at least for a while .
Given Silvio Berlusconi 's sexcapades , the Italy that he leads can not be taken seriously , while Spain is out of the running for an EU leadership role , owing to its dire economic conditions .
Above all , the EU needs political will and direction . Only Germany and France , acting together , can convey to Europe 's citizens and to the world the sense that the EU is at long last waking up to today 's global realities .
But the two giants of Europe can agree to disagree about the virtues of German-style budgetary rigor or French-style fiscal stimulus as long as they do n't insult each other , and , more importantly , as long as they compensate for their philosophical differences with a well publicized program of joint initiatives on key subjects .
Yet Germany also must realize that Russia 's negative evolution has consequences that Germans can not escape .
France and Germany can not move Europe alone , but Europe without them can not move at all .
It can not switch from `` activism '' at one moment to abstention the next .
How can they be understood without being judged , or helped without humiliating paternalism or , still worse , without an unacceptable `` collateral damage , '' as in Afghanistan ?
It can not afford to ignore the issue any longer .
What the Balkans needs nowadays are not historians or political scientists , but psychoanalysts who can help them transcend their past for the sake of the present and the future .
In contrast to this paranoid version of the past is a past that is buried under silence and propaganda ; a past that is simply not dealt with and remains like a secret wound that can become reopened at any moment .
But how can China become capable of implementing the `` rule of law '' which it so badly needs , let us not even speak of democracy , if it continues to systematically lie to its people about the recent past ?
Such a choice can encourage the most dangerous nationalist tendencies within a society that does not know , especially young people , what hides behind the silence and official lies .
But between a history that paralyzes a nation 's ability to `` move on '' collectively and an absolute unwillingness to face the past , which can lead to criticism of the present , there is ample room for maneuver . Healthy nations use that room to bury the pain of the past , if not the past itself .
But this ambition , however legitimate , looks more presumptuous and unrealistic every day , particularly given the choices that Europe just made in naming its new `` President '' -- Belgium 's Prime Minister Herman van Rompuy -- and `` Foreign Minister '' -- the never been elected to anything Lady Catherine Ashton from Britain . How can Europe pretend to stand for an ambitious message when it picks such low-profile -- indeed , practically anonymous -- messengers to deliver it ?
But India is also increasingly aware that nothing can be done without its help on issues from Pakistan to Afghanistan to Iran to global warming .
Suddenly , with the Libya issue , we can tell ourselves that we are catching up with Germany , whose pusillanimity is striking ; we are showing the way to the United States ; and the French -LRB- and British -RRB- flags are deployed in the streets of `` liberated '' Libya , together with that country 's own new flag .
An energetic and daring gambler , Sarkozy is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral -LRB- and political -RRB- high ground .
And today , with France taking the lead in an international effort to protect the Libyan people from their leader , they can feel simultaneously proud of being French and of their Arab roots .
The lesson of Norway 's tragedy , by contrast , is that words can kill , and that far-right ideology -LRB- perhaps combined with an addiction to violent video games -RRB- can lead to terrible consequences .
Psychopaths can emerge anywhere -- even in the most civilized societies .
The more civilized and happy a country is , the more extreme its marginalized deviants can be .
Some people can feel bored to death in a happy and prosperous country .
The French can not even walk on the sidewalk in front of the Elysée Palace , the seat of France 's president .
How can America recover international legitimacy ?
But he or she will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that America can be a force for good , a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others .
At the same time , during the World Cup , fans are not only universal ; they are also unique , and they can express their difference with impunity , sometimes in the most assertive , aggressive , and , unfortunately , occasionally racist manner .
Do you believe you can continue to ostracize the communities from which your soccer heroes come ? ''
But sport can also become a kind of gigantic , distracting screen behind which nasty regimes do outrageous things -- the very opposite of the Olympic and World Cup spirit .
The bloodiest century in European history started in August 1914 . We can end it in December 2002 .
It is about lasting peace and shared prosperity . We know we can do it .
Together we can prevent a new silver curtain from replacing Europe 's old iron curtain .
The good news is that NTDs can be treated , as quality drugs -- donated by the major pharmaceutical companies -- are made available .
We can easily meet that objective , because we have drugs that are effective , free -LRB- or very cheap -RRB- , that have low delivery costs , and that provide add-on benefits .
Only with foreign investment and economic liberalization -- a process that has already begun in some measure -- can Cuba hope to offer its 11.2 million people more consumer goods and comfort , improve the social welfare system , and rehabilitate the country 's infrastructure .
Is innovation something that can be taught at school ?
According to the school of rational criticism , when existing theories can neither explain nor solve current problems , the formulation of new hypotheses -- and thus new scientific knowledge -- is , like innovation , more likely to flourish when constructive criticism is openly allowed and encouraged .
They might broaden their scope and find that they , too , can contribute to the productivity of firms , industries , and the economy in general .
But , while anybody with a little know-how can figure out how to circumvent , say , the `` Great Firewall of China , '' Internet filtering is only one layer of Chinese Internet censorship .
A clear sign of the rot in Iran 's economy can be found in economic relations between Iran and Turkey .
What lessons can be drawn from the failure of Turkish businesses in Iran ?
Syria can hope for two major changes following the restoration of full diplomatic relations with the US .
The question is whether Syria 's rulers can make the political choices necessary to obtain them .
Of course , given China 's highly politicized atmosphere , politics can leak into even the most innocuous areas of discourse , and the many talk shows and audience participation formats necessitate a less intrusive but nonetheless effective system of content regulation .
Serious breaches can result in reprimands or dismissals .
Barring some catastrophic change , this method of information control can be expected to continue well into the 21st century .
Thus , little justification can be made for the use of partially hydrogenated oils , compared with other natural oils or fats .
4 . Use of trans fats in food manufacturing and restaurants can be limited without any significant effects on food taste , cost , or availability . While industry often expresses concern that limiting the use of trans fats will affect food taste or cost , no evidence exists to support this hypothesis .
MILAN -- What can we expect as the world 's economy emerges from its most serious downturn in almost a century ?
As a result , the world 's international economic institutions will need to be strengthened in terms of governance and resources so that they can act as circuit-breakers in the event of future financial and economic turbulence .
Advanced countries by themselves simply can not ensure that safe global CO2 levels are reached .
The advanced countries will be asked to reduce their CO2 emissions at a substantial rate , while emissions in developing countries can rise to allow for rapid , catch-up economic growth .
This means that limits on our consumption of fossil fuels can not be measured only by the availability of supplies , but must also take account of the environmental costs .
But this substitution can not continue indefinitely .
But it is an unfortunate mathematical fact that not everyone can gain market share .
The problem is all the more pressing because countries can achieve gains in market share not only through higher private-sector competitiveness , but also by means of protectionist measures .
So what can be done to shore up global aggregate demand and growth prospects , while preserving the economic openness that has benefited major parts of the developing world so greatly in the past 30 years ?
This challenge , however , is very complex because deleveraging and rebalancing can not be completed overnight .
But key steps can and should be taken : restoration of fiscal balance in well-communicated plans , commitment to central bank autonomy and low inflation , and striking a thoughtful balance between under - and over-regulation of the financial sector .
Externally , major trading partners and holders of advanced-country assets can support rebalancing by agreeing to avoid sudden and potentially destabilizing shifts in the composition of their balance sheets .
If that can be accomplished , the world will have taken a major step toward a relatively smooth , effective , and equitable global economic recovery .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
Threats to the system as a whole can arise in a manner that is difficult to detect , and that can cause risk-mitigation strategies that work well in normal times to malfunction .
Of course , you can argue that post-crisis regulatory reform will eventually resolve the problem of periodic systemic risk , and that we will return to the more comfortable world of relatively stationary risk without periodic imbalances .
One can think of periodic systemic risk as an inherent tendency toward reversion to the mean : short - and medium-term returns can deviate considerably and for extended periods from the expected long-run returns associated with various investment strategies and capabilities .
This is particularly relevant to large investors who , unlike traders , can not totally ignore macroeconomic fundamentals without abandoning reasonable diversification .
Second , in times of widespread distress , liquid portfolios create investment opportunities , as depressed asset prices -LRB- often overly so -RRB- combine with the capacity to invest while others can not or will not .
Here , too , I can not find a single reference to Allah , Islam , or the ummah -LRB- community of believers -RRB- .
Indeed , in February , he declared that multiculturalism was a `` failure , '' adding , `` Our Muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else ... but it can only be a French Islam , not just an Islam in France . ''
Integrating the Mediterranean world into a tolerant community that ensures the peace and prosperity of all its peoples can happen today , because it has happened before .
In light of this hopeful trend , how long can Europe 's obsession with Islamic fundamentalism hold sway ?
How long can the so-called `` Muslim Question '' be used as a tool to defeat political adversaries ?
Governments do n't have the luxury of waiting forever , and they can no longer use the myth of popular quiescence to avoid initiating the necessary reforms that will address the public 's underlying grievances .
There is an opportunity here to start developing pluralistic systems where not only Islamists , but also other parties and discourses can play a role .
While the reform process should certainly be homegrown , the United States and the rest of the international community can encourage democratic development without imposing it from afar .
The US and the West can discuss with Arab countries how political reform should be carried out in a way that would contribute to greater openness and opportunities for power-sharing .
At the dawn of a new Arab era , it is up to them to build new , open political systems that can head off the looming threat of escalating crises .
In fact , some intellectuals close to the right have long advocated an opening towards Europe 's Muslim immigrants and their descendants . Where they can vote , so the argument goes , Muslim traditionalists would rather vote for a conservative party , even if it has Catholic roots , than for a secular left-wing party perceived as advocating loose morals .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
So , citizenship tests -- rather than being repressive -- can actually be empowering , if they make immigrants aware of rights and possibilities for participation .
Tests might also make the passage to citizenship meaningful , a ritual similar to the solemn swearing of an oath of allegiance , which can be integrated as a major event into the story of one 's life -LRB- to be sure , some will always dismiss such ceremonies as political kitsch -RRB- .
What these kinds of exams can not do -- and should not attempt to do -- is test people 's political convictions .
For one thing , such convictions can always be faked by those determined to dissimulate .
As critics have mockingly pointed out , Hessel 's booklet at times reads more like a call for a free-floating , almost arbitrary desire to be agitated by something -- almost anything , really , as long as it can somehow be justified by one 's own subjective sense of justice .
If today 's protest movements are based on righteous indignation , the lack of concrete demands should not be a problem : shared norms -LRB- and the policies that would follow from them -RRB- can still broadly be assumed .
And they should seek to calm anger and defuse outrage , which can be a serious threat to liberal democracy .
What if Greece gets into so much trouble that it can not service its debt ?
A member of the euro zone can not be expelled under current rules , allowing countries like Greece to lie , manipulate , blackmail , and collect more and more EU funds .
At the least , there is the danger that the cash nexus can encourage a mindless commitment to work , and the belief that one 's worth comes only from paid labor , leading to fear of dependence on others , or to shunning vital but unpaid activity .
Of course , self-interested solicitude can lead to inauthenticity , to a sense of always selling oneself -- or rather , a sense of having to become someone who can be sold .
As a result , the modern individual can belong to a greater range of groups , but groups that are less all encompassing .
This choice of possibilities is due in no small part to the market , and the peril we face is that so much choice can create a protean self , lacking binding commitments to anyone or anything , a self for whom the bottom line of every social contract is the escape clause .
They are often passed down within families , so they elude social policies that are based on the notion that equality of opportunity can be created by government action .
The UN would say it must be invited into a country before it can take certain forms of action , such as sending official election observers .
With so many lives at stake , what can be done to avert an intensification of the Zimbabwe crisis ?
Zimbabwe 's neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabe 's abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Rebuilding the country can not be done cheaply .
A bankrupt warlord , after all , can not buy weapons or bribe people to maintain their loyalty .
In the long run , Afghanistan has resources that can be exploited .
Afghans can contribute in a tangible way here by reopening the North-South route connecting the resource rich economies of Central Asia to densely populated India and Pakistan .
If the latter are ignored , regional interests can incite chaos once again .
It can go along with electoral reform , or it can find an opportunity to dissolve the new parliament .
Because no European state can afford to `` go it alone , '' military reform demands greater integration and information sharing , as control of information will be key in future conflicts .
Nations that can not afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization to enhance their contribution to Europe 's collective defense .
The EU can help by strengthening its defense planning .
Current capacity is roughly 500 weapons annually in both Russia and the US , which means that the total of 2,000 weapons each that the ICNND Report suggests for the year 2025 can not be fully implemented much before 2028 .
But they can be partly overcome with intensive training in Cambodian and international law and complex investigative techniques . This must be reinforced by vigorous independent monitoring throughout the process .
For the sake of fairness and due process , this rule must be changed for the Extraordinary Chambers , so that international lawyers can contribute equally to the defense .
Finally , having generously contributed most of the tribunal 's funds , donor governments can not just sit back and watch .
They can best help the court by coordinating their actions , exercising robust oversight , and helping to identify -- and , where necessary , solve -- problems as they arise .
To restore calm before a recount can be held , confidence-building measures are needed .
Most important , of course , is the need to prevent the suffering caused by the crimes that lead to international prosecutions ; and when those crimes can not be prevented , we must provide some comfort and redress to the victims and their families by doing justice .
We can not rule out the possibility that doing justice in Darfur will make it more difficult to achieve peace there .
In the long run , doing justice seems a way to contribute to peace , but one can not be sure that things will work out that way every time .
One can only guess whether some of those joining this effort are motivated by concern that they themselves may some day face charges like those leveled at Bashir by the ICC judges .
After all , while a speaker can reasonably take care not to express views that will lead to imminent violence , if listeners have unlimited discretion in determining what causes offense , the speaker can never know what will so offend some people near or far at some time in the future that they will commit violence .
And it must be done as quickly as is consistent with accuracy and fairness , so that the information can be used effectively to help prevent additional abuses .
In recanting on this basis , Goldstone conveys to the Israelis that they can receive absolution from a highly respected voice of the international community by making a show of investigations .
Although we can not know how many lives would be lost and how much misery would be inflicted in an invasion of Iraq to oust Saddam 's regime , the cost would unquestionably be great .
It can not consider crimes committed prior to July 1 , 2002 .
Let him go where we ca n't get at him , but with no guarantee of impunity if his actions or fate bring him to a place where justice can be done .
Prisoners , it seems , are denied legal protection so that coercive interrogations can proceed without interference .
If the US continues to do all that it can to minimize civilian casualties , it has nothing to fear from an international tribunal . The fact that errant bombs or missiles kill some civilians does not make their deaths war crimes .
KYIV -- The world 's center of gravity is heading eastward so fast that we Europeans can almost feel the ground moving beneath our feet .
The EU can play a constructive role through permanent dialogue that is sensitive to Russia 's concerns without acquiescing in all of Russia 's answers to them .
Homosexuals have been able to register civil partnerships since 1995 and marry since 2009 , and the country is one of the most radical in its understanding of women 's rights -- as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange can attest .
But can China be persuaded to wield its influence constructively , rather than maintaining its pretense of neutrality when its assistance is badly needed ?
One can argue that this trend bodes ill for China .
But can Web activism mature into a full-blown campaign for free speech without being manipulated by the government or blindfolded by Western media ?
The Internet can foster more demagoguery than sober analysis .
But the best way to prevent this is to create an environment in which opposing views can clash freely , enabling truth ultimately to triumph .
The party actively supports Putin , but refrained from appearing in televised debates , possibly because it has no charismatic leaders of its own who can excite the public with sharp polemics .
The United States , with a government that can hardly be described as weak , bungled the war in Iraq and the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
To be sure , contemporary Russia can hardly be called an exemplary democracy , and not all trends are encouraging .
With an approval rating that hovers around 70 % , no one can accuse Putin of being unpopular -- or , for that matter , of a willingness to surrender to the opposition or to people in the street .
In any case , it is not liberals who can get people into the streets in Russia ; it is the Communists and nationalists .
That can happen with anyone , but it is still no reason for revolution , which is always better wished on someone else than on yourself .
Much depends on who is prime minister ; heavyweight politicians holding the office can potentially eclipse the president .
When Putin made the most important appointment of his life -- the choice of his successor -- one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
If one is selective with the evidence , a semi-reasonable case can be built for those desperate enough to believe it .
His popularity has been bestowed , not earned , so it can be taken away as easily as it was given .
But , unlike its neighbors , this year can mark a turning point for Burundi .
Thanks to agreements between the rebels and the government that Nelson Mandela and South African Vice President Jacob Zuma helped broker , Burundi can now either turn decisively away from civil strife , or risk a return to the machete politics that have mauled Africa 's Great Lakes region for a decade .
Neither party , it seems , can commit credibly to peace .
Moreover , more than 60 % these deaths occur in the developing world , and here NCD 's increasingly appear in younger age groups , which can have huge implications for how productive a country 's workers are .
Governments can act .
Transport ministries should provide safe roads so that children can bike to school .
In the adult songbird brain , we can find at any moment many little migrating neurons ready to replace cells that have died .
The trick will be to induce the brain to produce and deliver to the correct destination any kind of neuron that might be needed , so that regardless of cell class , new cells of the required kind can replace others of the same type that have died .
It is unlikely that European schools , because of their structure , can be invaded by `` creationism . ''
It is a state of being involuntarily gripped by something that is difficult to ward off and for which , since one can not act otherwise , one is accountable only in a limited sense .
Parents can tell many a tale about how , with the beginning of school , their children 's playful approach suddenly changes , as they must now focus on objects dictated by the curriculum .
Likewise , however desirable its ability to produce the unexpected and unforeseeable , science today can not claim that it is not accountable to society .
Research is an endless process , with a destination that no one can predict precisely .
The corporate world -- indeed , the formal workplace more generally -- can no longer be strictly separated from the informal world in which work and leisure have become blurred .
Seeing the excitement that can be generated in young people through events like science festivals and networks of science centers gives rise to cautious optimism -- provided we seize the diversity of opportunities that informal learning offers .
Currently , a three-pronged strategy can be discerned for the `` what '' : knowledge for growth -LRB- economic recovery and prosperity -RRB- ; knowledge for society -LRB- tackling the grand challenges ahead , from climate change and energy security to healthy aging -RRB- ; and knowledge for science -LRB- nurturing Europe 's science and technology base , which remains indispensible for innovation -RRB- .
How can innovation , which is never only technological , but social as well , be achieved and fully used ?
At the same time , emissions can not be reduced at the extent required without the central contribution of the developing world .
Some of the latter can come through carbon market .
Other public expenditure can be postponed , but delaying climate-change measures is a high-risk , high-cost option .
We know what we must do , and we can do it .
These states can play this role , however , only if first they transform this geographic space into a genuinely inclusive and vibrant security community .
Similarly , the Euro-Atlantic states can mobilize behind efforts to strengthen the International Atomic Energy Agency 's safeguards system , which ensures the non-diversion of peaceful nuclear programs , in order to foster cooperation on countering the threat of nuclear terrorism , and to develop new mechanisms to protect jointly critical infrastructure from cyber attack .
Rebuilding Haiti From Davos ROME -- When the captains of business and industry meet in Davos for the World Economic Forum this month , the devastation caused by the recent earthquake in Haiti will be near the top of their agenda . It should be , for there is much they can do to help .
The International Fund for Agricultural Development -LRB- IFAD -RRB- has seen first-hand how investing in agriculture can help people recover from natural disasters .
Our experience in developing countries tells us that investments in agriculture can be twice as effective in reducing poverty as similar investments in other sectors .
Much-needed capital investment can enable smallholder farmers to provide the private sector with a sustainable supply of high-quality agricultural produce .
Indeed , smallholder farmers are often extremely efficient producers per hectare , and can contribute to a country 's economic growth and food security .
In Haiti , and in developing countries around the world , smallholder farmers can contribute to food security and economic growth just as they did in Vietnam .
But they can not do so without secure access to land and water -- as well as to rural financial services to pay for seed , tools , and fertilizer .
But public - private partnerships must be backed up with the right policies and support for rural communities , so that poor rural people can increase food production , improve their lives , and contribute to greater food security for all .
Organizations like IFAD can help link the private sector and smallholder farmers .
We can support investments that expand the productive potential of the smallholder sector in the developing world by helping investors reduce their risks , and by assisting smallholder farmers in accessing new financing and markets through private-sector partnerships .
Strengthening agriculture is one of the best investments any African country can make .
A vibrant rural sector generates local demand for locally produced goods and services . In turn , this can spur sustainable non-farm employment growth in services , agro-processing , and small-scale manufacturing .
Change can not be imposed from outside , it must be cultivated from within .
In addition , we need to provide them with research and technology to ensure that they can grow the best-quality produce , and storage capabilities so that they can sell at peak prices .
We just need to put the pavement down so that farmers like those I saw in Zambia can more easily make their way on the road to food security .
Whether it is the Chinese for the global economy , or Russia for nuclear disarmament , the United States will now work with whomever can help it get the results it wants -- thus ensuring that it remains the `` indispensable nation . ''
From America 's perspective , this can often be advantageous .
America can take its time deciding on a new strategy in Afghanistan without considering European views , despite the presence of more than 30,000 European troops in the country .
It can be addressed only when Europeans take stock of the way the world is changing , decide that allowing others to determine the future world order is less than optimal , and develop the attitudes and behaviors of a post-American Europe .
This requires a Europe that knows its own mind , so that it can approach the US -- and the rest of the world -- with a clearer eye and a harder head .
This version of feminism -- the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home , prize family above all , and view rights in the context of community and spirituality -- seems like a much-needed corrective to some of Western feminism 's shortcomings .
Moreover , intellectually , these women remind us that Western feminism did not have to evolve the way it did , and can still change and grow to embrace a more satisfying and humane definition of equality .
But many educators have begun to argue that such intervention in what may be a hardwired aspect of `` boy-ness '' can lead to boys ' academic underperformance relative to girls , and to more frequent diagnoses of behavioral problems , attention deficit disorder , and so on .
Gurian argues that men 's brains can actually feel invaded and overwhelmed by too much verbal processing of emotion , so that men 's need to zone out or do something mechanical rather than emote is often not a rejection of their spouses , but a neural need .
Gurian even posits that the male brain actually ca n't `` see '' dust or laundry piling up as the female brain often can , which explains why men and women tend to perform household tasks in different ways .
One can see the advantages to children of having both parenting styles .
But it may mean we can understand each other a bit better and be more patient as we seek communication .
But it does suggest that a more pluralistic society , open to all kinds of difference , can learn , work , and love better .
Street protest , if it can sustain itself for more than that crucial first week , has an effect that is both tactical and emotional ; mass protest during the French Revolution made it clear to the courtiers that this rebellion would be too profound to quell in the usual manner ; street protests in the American colonies , in the face of arrest or worse , made the colonies ungovernable even before George III waged a costly , unpopular war .
According to King , disruptive mass protest exposes the tension that has been hidden or ignored , so that it can be addressed .
What the West can do is apply pressure on Iran -- and on other governments in the future -- to assure and account for the safety of protesters .
In this crisis , the US president should form a united front with human rights groups , which can advise him exactly how to follow , sustain , and support those Iranians who have been or may yet be arrested , or worse .
If there is to be a genuine review of the accusations against these detainees , how can it be known in advance that the third category will be required ?
Furthermore , Obama 's Justice Department has invoked Bush 's argument that the State Secrets Act bars evidence about torture from being disclosed , which means that anyone who was tortured can never appear in court .
According to Wells Dixon , a lawyer at the Center for Constitutional Rights who represents some of the detainees , the Obama administration can not risk calling the torture practices crimes , so it calls them `` classified sources and methods '' that can not be revealed in court . `` I ca n't even tell you about the way my clients were tortured or I will be prosecuted , '' he says .
In fact , even the explanation of why this material is classified can not be reproduced , because it is privileged .
Because Dixon has a security clearance , he can not discuss those classified `` sources and methods . ''
Their interiors resemble the inside of a smooth plastic jar ; there are no hard edges ; hooks fold down ; there is no bedding that one can use to strangle oneself .
It is worth considering how easy it would be to do away with a troublesome prisoner being force-fed by merely adjusting the calorie level . If it is too low , the prisoner will starve , but too high a level can also kill , since deliberate liquid overfeeding by tube , to which Guantánamo prisoners have reported being subjected , causes vomiting , diarrhea , and deadly dehydration that can stop one 's heart .
Binyam Mohamed told the Associated Press that al-Hanashi was a positive person -LRB- and , one can assume , a natural leader -RRB- who would never consider suicide .
The fact that no one can answer this question yet means that even in Barack Obama 's America , as in Stalin 's Russia or Ahmadinejad 's Iran , people can simply be disappeared without trial .
I wrote that many women activists in Muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings , legal inequality , and lack of access to education , and that they express frustration that the obsession among Westerners with Muslim women 's clothing can come at the expense of these concerns .
Though she can no longer practice journalism directly , Princess Rym is also co-founding new Jordanian journalism school .
According to her account , a woman can be killed for `` laughing at a joke in the street , wearing makeup or a short skirt ... or being raped by a brother . ''
These women are exactly the kind of leaders that everyone should be cultivating and supporting , rather than overlooking because of a belief that they can not exist in the Middle East .
Second , news outlets will have to be interactive : they should regularly teach citizens op-ed writing , for example , so that editors can receive a truly diverse set of submissions -- well sourced , well written , and well argued -- from people from all walks of life .
It was not an earth-shattering policy revelation when she astutely followed reports of Sarah Palin 's $ 150,000 wardrobe by remarking casually on a late-night talk show that she was wearing a chain-store brand , and that `` you can get lots of cute things online . ''
They had learned nothing from the right , whose candidates knew how powerful the right colors , clothing , imagery , and even lighting can be , and how strongly personal narratives -- Ronald Reagan in riding boots , or George W. Bush in a flight suit -- resonate with voters .
You can tell the nation more about your values by saying where you will seek a dog for your daughters than you can through reams of unread position papers .
In an emotional address during a ceremony earlier this month to commemorate heroes of Zimbabwe 's war of liberation from white minority rule , Mugabe warned the opposition : `` Those who would go together with our enemies abroad can not at the same time want to march alongside us as our partners in the nation-building efforts that are underway . ''
No country can rule out unilateral action in cases that involve its very survival .
However , some transnational issues are inherently multilateral and can not be managed without the help of other countries .
Finally , in choosing between multilateral and unilateral tactics , Americans must consider the effects of the decision on its soft power , which can be destroyed by excessive unilateralism and arrogance .
Because they often involve citizens who are well placed in the domestic politics of several countries , they can focus the attention of media and governments onto their issues , creating new transnational political coalitions .
In these circumstances , governments can no longer maintain the barriers to information flows that historically protected officials from outside scrutiny .
Such campaigns sometimes succeed because they can credibly threaten to damage the value of global brand names .
Others lack credibility among moderate citizens but can mobilize demonstrations that demand the attention of governments .
Sometimes leaders think that vision can solve most of their problems , but the wrong vision -- or an overly ambitious vision -- can do damage .
At the same time , the pressure to articulate a vision can get a leader into difficulty .
Leaders of social movements can call forth larger visions than public officials can .
A movement leader can promote a vision that is miles ahead of his followers , while a prime minister with multiple objectives and responsibilities must maintain a continuous dialogue with the public , which keeps him or her from moving too far ahead of citizens .
Anyone can produce a wish list , but effective visions combine inspiration with feasibility .
Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing , police work across borders , tracing financial flows , and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat .
Popular culture can often be an important source of `` soft '' power .
America is not perfect , but as long as it abides by its core values , it can overcome its mistakes and regain its soft power in democratic countries .
The US , in these leaders ' view , can act without the world 's applause .
Moreover , while America 's status as the world 's sole superpower is a structural fact , wise policies can soften the sharp edges of this reality .
Democracy can not be imposed in any reasonable time by force alone .
In August 2003 , US National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice argued that `` much as a democratic Germany became a linchpin of a new Europe that is today whole , free , and at peace , so a transformed Iraq can become a key element in a very different Middle East in which the ideologies of hate will not flourish . ''
The Arab world , too , can develop intellectuals , social groups , and eventually countries with liberal economies and societies that are consistent with local cultures .
Equally important will be whether Western countries cooperate to create a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges that can help develop a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries .
The most effective advocates for democratic change are not American or European officials , but citizens of the region who understand Western virtues as well as flaws - and can adapt them to indigenous conditions to press for social change .
But governments also have an important role to play . By supporting the teaching of foreign languages and financing student exchanges , they can help people in the region accomplish their own goals as spelled out in the Arab Human Development Report .
In that sense , President Bush won half his argument : preventive force can be justified , but not unilaterally .
Critics complain that this approach places too much trust in a Security Council that can be paralyzed by politics and the veto .
No single report can create a more secure world , but those who support that goal must hope that governments and their publics will consider seriously the Panel 's recommendations .
As Iraq has shown , hard military power alone can not provide a solution .
Corporations , foundations , universities , and other non-profit organizations can promote much of the work of developing an open civil society . Companies and foundations can offer technology to help modernize Arab educational systems and take them beyond rote learning .
Foundations can support the development of institutions of American studies in Muslim countries , or programs that enhance journalistic professionalism . They can support the teaching of English and finance student exchanges .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
We will not know for some time , but the debaters should recall Thucydides ' warning more than two millennia ago that belief in the inevitability of conflict can become one of its main causes .
Moreover , simple projections of economic growth trends can mislead .
But it would be unlikely to win such a war , and prudent policy on both sides can make such a war unlikely .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it during Wen 's visit , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU Commission .
No government can control outcomes without the cooperation of others .
Nevertheless , we can still conclude from the Iraqi experience that while the development of democracy can be aided from outside , it can not easily be imposed by force .
But , in the longer term , the slow , steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists .
Democratization can surely help remove some of the sources of rage that fuel terrorism , but it is only part of the solution .
But that is little consolation , because they can still disrupt progress toward a stable constitutional government .
Some popular music lyrics can have political effects .
Cultural messages can also be conveyed by the way that sports teams or stars conduct themselves , or in the multiple images purveyed by television or cinema .
Even the consumption of fast food can make an implicit statement .
Oil provides somewhat less economic power than gas because it is a fungible commodity , and interruptions of supply can be made up by purchases on world markets .
But gas is expensive to transport , for it depends on costly pipelines or gas liquefaction facilities that can not be replaced quickly when flows are interrupted .
However , in cases where buyers and sellers are not equally dependent upon the relationship , the greater vulnerability of the more dependent party can be used as a source of coercive power by the less dependent party .
Diplomacy backed by military threat can reduce the number further .
Some failed states are so chaotically organized that they can not be deterred from providing a haven for terrorists .
Multilateral cooperation is possible in tracing financial flows , which can help to deprive terrorists of resources as well as provide useful information .
Information sharing can also be enhanced by devoting more resources to under-funded organizations like Interpol .
Working to raise the thresholds that terrorists must overcome requires a systemic approach , since plugging one hole can simply divert terrorists to others .
Our societies are as vulnerable as the weakest international link . It makes no sense to beef up airport security in London if a terrorist can enter the system easily in , say , Rome or Lagos .
Terrorists can obtain microbes and viruses from inadequately protected foreign laboratories , or by bribing underpaid scientists in the remnants of the Russian biological warfare system , or from natural sources .
Yet , while the US spends only about 1 % of its federal budget on foreign affairs , an effective counter-terrorism strategy can not be divorced from all the dimensions of foreign policy .
The good news is that Rumsfeld is beginning to realize that the struggle against terrorism can not be won by hard military power alone .
Military force is sometimes treated as synonymous with hard power , but the same resource can sometimes contribute to soft power .
A well-run military can be a source of attraction , and military cooperation and training programs can establish transnational networks that enhance a country 's soft power .
But the misuse of military resources can also undercut soft power .
Brutality and indifference to `` just war '' principles of discrimination and proportionality can also destroy legitimacy .
We can not win unless the moderates win .
We can not win unless the number of people the extremists recruit is lower than the number we kill and deter .
These are the dangers that lead some to contemplate air strikes to destroy Iran 's nuclear facilities before they can make weapons .
Globalization , which can be defined as interdependence at inter-continental distances , is as old as human history .
Now , virtually anyone can enter an Internet café and enjoy a capability that was once available only to governments , multinational corporations , and a few individuals or organizations with large budgets .
China 's President Hu Jintao urged progress in the stalled talks so that `` the entire Korean peninsula can be denuclearized . ''
Jihadi extremism can not be defeated unless the mainstream wins .
Some believe that China can not rise peacefully , and will seek hegemony in East Asia , leading to conflict with the United States and Japan .
But it would be unlikely to win such a war , and prudent policy on all sides can make such a war unlikely .
At the same time , the US can be cautious about involving Japan in Taiwan issues -- a neuralgic point for China -- while encouraging the development of Asian institutions that increase contacts and dampen conflict .
This can include the development of the East Asian Summit , revival of the Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- , and the evolution of the current six-party talks on North Korea into a permanent Northeast Asia Security Dialogue .
Because they train together , NATO countries can operate effectively even when not all members of the organization are officially involved .
It is difficult to see how NATO can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan unless it is willing to commit more troops and give commanders more flexibility .
He hopes that with a few months , he can then withdraw American troops to the periphery of Baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to Iraqi forces .
But this assumes that Iraqi forces are up to the task , and that Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki 's government , which rests upon Shiite militia support , can play a competent and evenhanded role .
The US can not leave Iraq precipitously , but neither can it solve the problem on its own .
Only more politics and diplomacy can salvage US policy .
The optimistic view is that property rights are becoming more deeply anchored than they were in the past , and that Russia 's future will depend on how fast a middle class with a stake in law-based government can be created .
Moreover , Russia possesses talented people , technology , and resources that can help to meet new challenges like climate change or the spread of pandemic diseases .
Finally , while one can understand a former superpower 's temptation to seize its opportunity to return to a muscular foreign policy , Russia 's bullying in the energy area is destroying trust and undercutting Russia 's soft power in other countries .
If President George W. Bush 's current troop `` surge '' fails to produce an outcome that can be called `` victory , '' what lessons will the United States draw for its future foreign policy ?
But on the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multipolar , and the US can not obtain the outcomes it wants without the cooperation of Europe , Japan , China , and others .
These are not problems you can leave overseas . They follow you home .
In my view , a focus on global public goods -- things everyone can consume without diminishing their availability to others -- could help America reconcile its preponderant power with others ' interests .
Of course , pure public goods are rare . Most only partially approach the ideal case of clean air , where none can be excluded and all can benefit simultaneously .
America can learn from the lesson the nineteenth century , when Great Britain was a preponderant power and took the lead in maintaining the balance of power between Europe 's major states , promoting an open international economic system , and maintaining freedom of the seas .
Finally , as a preponderant power , the US can provide an important public good by acting as a mediator and convener .
It is sometimes tempting to let intractable conflicts fester , and there are some situations where other countries can play the mediator 's role more effectively .
Even when the US does not want to take the lead , it can share leadership with others , such as with Europe in the Balkans .
But often the US is the only country that can bring parties together .
The US can also encourage other countries to share in production of such public goods .
The United Nations can play an important role in helping to legitimize and implement agreements among countries , but even its closest friends admit that its large size , rigid regional blocs , formal diplomatic procedures , and cumbersome bureaucracy often impede consensus As one sage put it , the problem for multilateral organizations is `` how to get everyone into the act and still get action . ''
They can not afford to attend multiple summits for each transnational issue .
Moreover , a variable geometry of attendance at meetings might weaken the development of a personal chemistry and the breadth of bargaining that can arise when the same group of leaders meets regularly to discuss a broader range of subjects .
Marcos de Azambuja , former secretary-general of Brazil 's Foreign Ministry , agrees that international life can not be managed solely or primarily by vast assemblies of nearly 200 states with enormous disparities in their political and economic weight .
How can informality be preserved and the size of meetings be restricted ?
Prolonged negotiations and gridlock are not acceptable , because today 's most serious problems can not wait for perfect institutional solutions .
Today , many self-styled realists dismiss the United Nations as powerless , and argue that it can be ignored .
With no forces of its own and a relatively tiny budget , the UN has only as much hard power as it can borrow from its member states .
In such circumstances , seemingly small events can trigger an unforeseen and disastrous chain reaction .
They are wrong , but such suspicions can feed a climate of enmity .
While we can not be sure how China will evolve , it makes no sense to foreclose the prospect of a better future .
The US-Japan security alliance means China can not play a `` Japan card . ''
If the overall climate is one of distrust , what looks like a hedge to one side can look like a threat to the other .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU .
Europe can contribute significantly to China 's integration into global norms and institutions .
Hard and soft power can reinforce or undermine each other .
But can they manage an executive branch employing millions ?
Good leaders construct teams that combine these functions , making sure to hire subordinates who can compensate for the leader 's managerial deficiencies .
Successful leaders combine these skills so that unfiltered bad news can reach them and be acted upon promptly .
The list is long , but they might best be thought of as `` housekeeping '' issues : many a couple can quarrel over them without contemplating divorce .
By reinforcing their alliance , the US and Japan can hedge against uncertainty while at the same time offering China integration into global institutions as a `` responsible stakeholder . ''
In general , transnational threats such as climate change or pandemics can cause damage on a scale equivalent to military conflict . -LRB- In 1918 , avian flu killed more people than died in World War I -RRB- .
As Singh put it during Wen 's visit , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
Thus far , no leadership gene has been identified , and studies of identical and fraternal male twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors .
This definition mixes nature and nurture , and means that `` traits '' can to some extent be learned rather than merely inherited .
Even if a country agrees to broad ranging IAEA inspections , it can legally accumulate enriched uranium -LRB- or reprocessed plutonium -RRB- under the guise of a peaceful energy program , and then suddenly declare that circumstances have changed and withdraw from the treaty - with the ability to produce nuclear weapons on short notice .
But , unlike smoking , which can be discouraged through taxes and regulations , there is no global government to regulate excessive CO2 emissions , and countries are tempted to leave remedies to others .
Given that the bombs , bullets , and embargos of traditional security policy are irrelevant , what can the US and other rich countries do about this security threat ?
Not only does the Electoral College confuse predictions based on national opinion polls , but there is also the possibility of surprises which can lead to last-minute reversals .
A mistake in a presidential debate can turn the tide of public opinion overnight , as happened to President Gerald Ford in his debate with Jimmy Carter in 1976 .
The rise of China and India may create instability , but it is a problem with precedents , and we can learn from history about how policies can affect the outcome .
Global climate change , too , will affect the quality of life , but the US can not manage the problem alone .
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
We can not simply shoot our way out of the problem .
The paradox of American power is that the strongest country since the days of Rome can not achieve its objectives acting alone .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
The US can become a smart power by once again investing in global public goods .
Today , an individual hacker using malicious software can cause chaos in far-away places at little cost to himself .
Terrorists , too , can exploit new vulnerabilities in cyberspace to engage in asymmetrical warfare .
Kerr described what he called `` supply chain attacks '' in which hackers not only steal proprietary information , but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software -- Trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems .
Governments can hope to deter cyber attacks just as they deter nuclear or other armed attacks . But deterrence requires a credible threat of response against an attacker .
While an international legal code that defines cyber attacks more clearly , together with cooperation on preventive measures , can help , such arms-control solutions are not likely to be sufficient .
America can influence but not control other parts of the world .
America can not get the outcomes it wants in trade , antitrust , or other areas without the cooperation of the European Union , China , Japan , and others .
In some cases , one can orchestrate a complex network simply with carefully specified contracts .
But the friction of normal life usually creates ambiguities that can not be fully met in advance .
Similarly , hard economic times may worsen relations among governments , as well as domestic conflicts that can lead to violence .
Today 's growing global networks of interdependence are putting new items on national and international agendas ; Americans simply can not solve many of these by themselves .
Elections in the absence of constitutional and cultural constraints can produce violence , as in Bosnia or the Palestinian Authority .
The growth of democracy is not an American imposition , and it can take many forms .
When we live up to our own best traditions , we can stimulate emulation and create the soft power of attraction .
The ability to mobilize a group effectively is certainly an art rather than a predictive science , and varies with situations , but that does not mean that it can not be profitably studied and learned .
And artists can benefit not merely from studio courses , but also from art appreciation lessons that introduce them to the full repertoires and pallets of past masters .
But experience and intuition can be supplemented by analytics , which is the purpose of my book .
`` Know '' refers to analysis and skills , which can be trained .
Similarly , students can learn from the results of scientific studies , limited though they may be , and by studying the range of behaviors and contexts that historical episodes can illuminate .
Potential leaders , in turn , can learn more about the sources and limits of the soft-power skills of emotional IQ , vision , and communication , as well as hard-power political and organizational skills .
Symbols and examples can be very effective .
If one compares those images with pictures of the young insecure Gandhi dressed as a proper British lawyer , one can see how carefully he understood symbolic communication .
Organizational skills -- the ability to attract and inspire an effective inner circle of followers -- can compensate for rhetorical deficiencies , just as effective public rhetoric can partly compensate for low organizational skills .
Sometimes , Koreans compare their country of 50 million to a neighbor like China or a superpower like the US and believe that they can not compete with such giants .
Such non-coercive use of military resources can be an important source of the soft-power behavior of framing agendas , persuading other governments , and attracting support in world politics .
And now technology has brought a new dimension to warfare : the prospect of cyber attacks , by which an enemy -- state or non-state -- can create enormous physical destruction -LRB- or threaten to do so -RRB- without an army that physically crosses another state 's border .
Internationally , where order is more tenuous , residual concerns about the coercive use of force , even if a low probability , can have important effects .
But even the best advertising can not sell an unpopular product .
A communications strategy can not work if it cuts against the grain of policy .
Actions speak louder than words . All too often , policymakers treat public diplomacy as a bandage that can be applied after damage is done by other instruments .
Networked communications , on the other hand , can take advantage of two-way communications and peer-to-peer relations to overcome cultural differences .
Indeed , too much government control , or even the appearance of it , can undercut the credibility that such networks are designed to engender .
If it degenerates into propaganda , public diplomacy not only fails to convince , but can undercut soft power .
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
Only hard power can deal with them .
Third , despite Chinese complaints , the dollar is likely to remain the major global reserve currency , owing to the depth and breadth of America 's capital markets , which China can not match without making the yuan fully convertible and reforming its banking system .
A climate of distrust can also trigger extreme actions by deviant members of the population , such as the bombing of a federal office building in Oklahoma City in 1995 .
Three-quarters of Americans feel connected to their communities , and say the quality of life there is excellent or good ; 40 % say working with others in their community is the most important thing that they can do .
Whether the American political system can reform itself and cope with such problems remains to be seen .
So , in Yekaterinburg , Russian President Dmitri Medvedev declared that `` there can be no successful global currency system if the financial instruments that are used are denominated in only one currency . ''
The EU 's approach to sharing power , hammering out agreements , and resolving conflict by multiple committees can be frustrating and lacks drama , but it is increasingly relevant for many issues in a networked and interdependent world .
There is always the danger of actions with unintended consequences , especially as both countries can be expected to maneuver to change the framework and reduce their vulnerabilities .
Obviously , a country whose currency represents a significant proportion of world reserves can gain international power from that position , thanks to easier terms for economic adjustment and the ability to influence other countries .
As French President Charles de Gaulle once complained , `` since the dollar is the reference currency everywhere , it can cause others to suffer the effects of its poor management .
This can not last . ''
While too rapid a rate of immigration can cause social problems , proponents argue that , over the long term , immigration strengthens the power of the US .
In addition , even though studies suggest that the short-term , directly measurable economic benefits at the national level are relatively small , and unskilled workers may suffer from competition , skilled immigrants can be important to particular economic sectors .
America is a magnet , and many people can envisage themselves as Americans , because many successful Americans look like people in other countries .
While one can understand the resistance of ordinary American citizens to competition from foreign immigrants during a period of high unemployment , it would be ironic if the current debate were to lead to policies that cut the US off from one of it unique sources of strength .
But if major countries are divided , it is unlikely that even network organizations like the G-20 can set the agenda for the UN and the Bretton Woods financial institutions to act upon .
To the extent that this sense of decline is grounded in reality , can Japan recover ?
How , then , can North Korea manage to defy its neighbor ?
For one thing , North Korea has `` the power of weakness . '' In certain situations , weakness -- and the threat that a partner will collapse -- can be a source of bargaining power .
As the Financial Times observed , `` North Korea 's Kim Jong-il is probably the only world leader who can make Beijing look powerless .
Concerns have been raised about the influx of cheap labor . But average GDP growth rates in the new members are twice as high as in the original members , and this can provide a welcome stimulus to stagnant labor markets and sluggish economies .
Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives , but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US . Whatever the rhetoric in France , for example , the policies and attitudes in countries such as Britain or Poland demonstrate that good trans-Atlantic relations can be maintained .
Transnational terrorism can only be confronted by close civilian cooperation such as intelligence sharing , police work across borders , and tracing financial flows .
As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars , it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images can not escape Europe .
We can all benefit from the soft power of an enlarged Europe .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it at the time , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
But such narratives can lead to conflict .
Moreover , linear projections of economic growth trends can be misleading .
Whether China can maintain this capability over the longer term is a mystery to outsiders and Chinese leaders themselves .
Whether China can develop a formula to manage an expanding urban middle class , regional inequality , and resentment among ethnic minorities remains to be seen .
Even if this were an accurate assessment of China 's intentions -LRB- and even Chinese can not know the views of future generations -RRB- , it is doubtful that China will have the military capability to make this possible .
The expectation of conflict can itself become a cause of conflict .
For one thing , possession of power resources does not always imply that one can get the outcomes one prefers .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
Some believe a political compromise between Republicans and Democrats can be reached before the 2012 election ; others suggest an agreement is more likely after the election .
Economic resources can produce soft-power behavior as well as hard military power .
Internationally , where order is more tenuous , residual concerns about the coercive use of force , even if a low probability , can have important effects -- including a stabilizing effect .
Some Americans argue that China 's rise can not be peaceful , and that the US , therefore , should now adopt a policy of containing the People 's Republic .
The net result is that over the past two years , China has worsened its relations with Japan , India , South Korea , Vietnam , and others -- quite a remarkable record that confirms the US strategic premise that `` only China can contain China . ''
One can not devise and implement solutions to global financial stability , climate change , cyber terrorism , or pandemics without such cooperation .
While free and fair elections are important , liberal democracy is more than `` electocracy . '' Elections in the absence of constitutional and cultural constraints can produce violence , as in Bosnia or the Palestinian Authority .
Democracy is not an American imposition , and it can take many forms .
When we live up to our own best traditions , we can stimulate emulation and generate the soft power of attraction .
What lessons can we learn a decade later ?
A larger actor 's many interests and objectives often dilute its attention to a smaller actor , which , by contrast , can focus its attention and will more easily .
The smaller actor can not compete with the larger in terms of military might , but it can use violence to set the world agenda and construct narratives that affect its targets ' soft power .
But , with America 's debt on a path to equaling its national income in a decade , and a fumbling political system that can not seem to address the country 's fundamental challenges , are the `` declinists '' finally right ?
As Singapore 's Lee Kuan Yew once told me , China can draw on a talent pool of 1.3 billion people , but the US can draw on the world 's seven billion , and can recombine them in a diverse culture that enhances creativity in a way that ethnic Han nationalism can not .
But one should remember that these problems are only part of the picture -- and , in principle , they can be solved over the long term .
It is important to distinguish such problems from those that can not , in principle , be solved .
Of course , whether America can implement the available solutions is uncertain ; several commissions have proposed feasible plans to change America 's debt trajectory by raising taxes and cutting expenditures , but feasibility is no guarantee that they will be adopted .
As a natural regional leader , Serbia can expect to reap the benefits as all states advance toward membership .
The difficulty for Tadic lies in convincing Serbian voters that drawing closer to the EU is infinitely preferable to remaining attached to an outmoded concept of statehood that can only lead to isolation and backwardness .
Two factors that are likely to decide the referendum 's outcome can be singled out : turnout and how the farming community votes .
These concerns remain acute , even in the aftermath of the decision by the Czech Constitutional Court on November 26 that the Lisbon Treaty is compatible with the Czech constitution and can be ratified in the normal way by the Czech Parliament .
The extraordinary implosion of global financial markets may also work to the advantage of the Yes side in a second referendum , because Ireland 's economic future can not be contemplated seriously outside of EU structures .
But can this apparently benign pattern of global growth be sustained , particularly since growth has been accompanied by ever-widening global financial imbalances ?
Of course , no single government can bear all the costs of the policies needed to correct today 's global imbalances .
Coordination will surely deliver more satisfactory outcomes than what any one country can achieve on its own .
It is obviously good for the G-7 or a subset of G-7 members to show leadership , but no fundamental reform can occur without an inclusive process that gives both industrial and developing countries , and both large and small countries an adequate voice .
That strategy has now been exposed as perilous , and the use by financial institutions of similar risk models can lead to greater instability .
The essential idea is quite simple : in the long run , an international monetary system can not be built on a national currency -- a point made a half-century ago by the Belgian-American economist Robert Triffin .
Here currency appreciation is already taking place , pushed by massive capital inflows since the second quarter of 2009 , and in some cases it can already be said to be excessive -LRB- for example , in Brazil -RRB- .
These countries can , of course , resist upward pressure on their currencies by accumulating foreign-exchange reserves , like they did before the global financial crisis .
Countries spend years negotiating trade rules , but exchange-rate movements can , within days , have a greater impact on trade than those painstaking deals .
The second paradox is that monetary expansion may be largely ineffective in the country that undertakes it , but can generate large negative externalities on others .
If this leads to a weakening of the dollar , it would also have negative effects on trading partners . -LRB- The same can be said of recent Japanese monetary-policy decisions . -RRB-
One of the major areas of agreement during the recent crisis has been that deregulated financial activities can be a source of major macroeconomic disruptions .
The question today is whether , with the moment of crisis passing and countries ' circumstances and perspectives diverging , the G-20 can demonstrate the leadership the world needs in addressing its ongoing critical problems .
The G-20 recognized in 2008 that unfettered finance can generate costly crises ; thus , it decided to re-regulate finance .
The basic conclusion of all of these documents is that regulations of cross-border capital flows can complement macroeconomic policy and so-called `` macro-prudential '' financial regulations .
Taxes on inflows can play a similar role , as can minimum-stay periods for capital inflows .
It can be argued that disposing of high-tech e-waste in landfills is just another way of returning these precious metals to the earth , where , millennia from now , it will have merged with the substrata , becoming just like any other ore .
Some would manage e-waste at one of the handful of sophisticated smelters that can recover precious metals from discarded electronic devices .
For numerous reasons , not every country can afford to build smelting facilities that operate at the level claimed by Umicore .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
The Dalian local government constructed an elaborate software development park à la Silicon Valley , where students returning from abroad can rent low-cost office space for startup companies .
But it is inexpensive and adaptable enough that every hospital room can now have its own multipurpose scanner .
Instructors from abroad can not enter Gaza .
Without the ability to go overseas , we can not learn .
I ask myself why they have the opportunity to travel , to study , to take vacations , when I can not go abroad even to learn medicine .
No leader can be expected to run this giant of Africa as if it were Singapore .
Only swift and firm intervention from impartial external parties working in concert with the National Assembly and the courts can avert a looming disaster .
Nigerians can use a dose of hope .
Moreover , Tony Chukwueke , the DPR 's head , has announced plans to create an African version of Petronas , Malaysia 's state-run oil company , and transform the sclerotic Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation into a powerful oil-producing firm that can dominate the market in the Gulf of Guinea and other emerging regions .
It is not yet clear whether Yar ` Adua 's government can meet these challenges .
No one can now foretell how long the US will be engaged in Uzbekistan , or whether America will extend its reach deeper into Central Asia .
For now , however , China 's government is likely to be content advancing China 's economic interests in Central Asia and ensuring that none of its enemies can take refuge there .
Without a stimulating family or family-like setting , such children can not develop their full potential .
Head banging or screaming can , for example , be misinterpreted as being part of the intellectual disability rather than an expression of discomfort or depression -- a phenomenon known as `` diagnostic overshadowing . '' Unfortunately , annual health checks that screen for physical and mental-health changes and epilepsy are not routine in many countries .
The majority of children in institutions have developmental delay or intellectual disabilities , which institutions themselves can cause or worsen .
But children in institutions are denied education , despite evidence showing that every child can learn and develop .
The rebirth of Africa 's private sector -- a critical missing ingredient in past development efforts -- has played a significant role in driving this performance , and it can fill the investment gap while generating returns in the process .
Internally , euro-zone `` success '' can best be measured by the yardstick of economic growth .
Most global economic issues today can not be solved without policy steps in China .
Indeed , how can the G-7 have the audacity to make repeated public comments about the currency of an outside country and hope for a positive response ?
As Konstantin Kosachev , chairman of the Russian Duma 's foreign relations committee , put it , `` In Germany , Italy , France , we can achieve much more . ''
Thus , they can not accept that more robust multilateral institutions , confidence , cooperation , and interdependence could assure international security .
Research at McKinsey into the effectiveness and cost of more than 200 mechanisms for reducing carbon emissions -- from greater car efficiency to nuclear power , improved insulation in buildings , and better forest management -- suggests that only concerted global action can ensure levels that the scientific community says is necessary to avoid the disastrous consequences of climate change .
The total up-front financing would be ¤ 530 billion by 2020 -- less than the cost of the current US financial-sector bailout plan -- and ¤ 810 billion by 2030 , which is well within range of what financial markets can handle .
Without carefully managing tropical forests -- 90 % of which grow in developing nations that have pressure to clear the land for other economic purposes -- we can not meet our global targets for reduced carbon emissions .
But it can succeed only if we embark now on an agenda to boost natural resource productivity more broadly and on a more integrated basis .
A developed nation can not meet carbon emission targets by outsourcing its dirtiest production to a developing country , and a developing country can not meet its targets by chopping down forests to build the plants or expand low-productivity agriculture .
The opportunity in Copenhagen is to begin shaping some of the new collective-action models upon which we can build the post-carbon economy .
The past 20 years can be divided into three phases .
Moreover , after all that has happened in the past six months , Central Europeans can no longer look up to old countries representing the moral values of Western civilization .
The moral state of business leaders caused this crisis , and you can not find Central Europeans among those leaders .
If our faith is strong enough , we can survive this crisis without destroying what we have built together by opening our borders , destroying the Wall , unifying Germany , and completing our democratic transitions .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors ' dynamism .
He might not respect the outcome of elections , but he can not afford to ignore what the last one revealed about the depths of his regime 's unpopularity .
But the evidence for believing that euroization can precede sufficient institutional reforms is scant .
But can the political will for renewed reform be mustered in a government that is half liberal and half populist ?
Only such support can bring the government budget deficit , expected to reach 4.4 % of GDP in 2005 , down to the EU 's benchmark of less than 3 % of GDP within the next two years .
But , because we are unsure that you are a good Muslim , it is easier to forbid owning songbirds , so that they can not jeopardize your salvation .
The US , for example , agreed to sugar imports that equal 1 % of the total US market . That figure can grow only to 1.4 % over the next 15 years .
Indeed , a root of the Bush administration 's diminished interest in NATO can probably be found in the interventions of small countries in the military decisions - such as the choice of bombing targets - during the Kosovo War .
Only by doing so can the Union achieve a more credible foreign and security policy and become a serious partner for the United States , its neighbors , and the rest of the world .
EU member states - even the most powerful - can not deliver on global issues such as the fight against terrorism , political reconstruction of the Middle East , the fight against poverty , and protection of the environment unless they agree on basic principles for common action .
It is overly optimistic to pretend that today 's EU institutions can implement such principles , because they do not represent the prevailing power realities .
A direct military showdown in the Gulf and the Straits of Hormuz , through which about 40 % of the world 's traded oil is shipped , can not be ruled out . As a consequence , oil prices would skyrocket .
But , in an interdependent and interconnected world , the use of force can not be the result of national political calculations .
If such a consensus can not be reached , at least Western powers and like-minded states must agree , as in Kosovo in 1999 , for example .
If the ADB were serious about poverty reduction , it would put a significant share of its investments in social development , particularly on non-contributory universal social security schemes that can reduce poverty by 35 % to 50 % .
Such rights can be tolerated only as minimum social safeguards , which the ADB is trying to neuter through another ongoing review .
In announcing a new Sino-US joint research effort , Chu described clean energy as `` one of the great opportunities of our time '' for Sino-US cooperation , saying that by `` working together , we can accomplish more than -LRB- by -RRB- acting alone . ''
Here , if all the expressions of good feeling can not be made concrete , an incomparable opportunity to recast Sino-US relations around the issue of climate change will have been lost .
It is intellectually and politically unsettling to realize that , if the West can not quickly straighten out its systems of government , only politically un-reformed states like China will be able to make the decisions that a nation needs to survive in today 's high-speed , high-tech , increasingly globalized world .
No one can say with any certainty what the causes are .
But can science and technology really solve problems that are not caused by China alone ?
This is a difficult adjustment for any country to make , especially one like China , which has a history of imagining itself as being at the center of the world while also remaining an inviolable entity that can close its doors whenever it chooses to do so .
The drought in Guizhou , whatever its cause , is a reminder that the fate of China 's people has become inextricably linked to what happens elsewhere , and that no country can opt out or find unilateral solutions separate from the global commonweal any longer .
First , there are limits to how many trillions of dollars China can , and should , put into US Treasury bills .
If the Obama administration and EU officials can not figure out the proper mix between economic engagement and protecting national security , investment capital from China will go elsewhere .
But coming as it does only one month after the alarming Russian-Georgian confrontation , it may offer real hope that tensions in the volatile Caucasus region can be eased .
We in this region can , and I believe should , call for a non-aligned Caucasus , free of security blocs and adversarial alliances .
Only Europe can play the role of honest broker in the region 's atmosphere of suspicion and intolerance .
One is a lesson from history : Russia 's strategic interests here can not be ignored .
The other lesson is that Turkey and Armenia can not remain adversaries forever .
If as some argue Iran is being disingenuous , then once it achieves this first phase -- uranium enrichment for industrial purposes -- it can easily slide into weapons-grade enrichment , leaving the international community out in the cold , with no channels of communication , no observation teams in place , and no monitors ready to sound the whistle .
Iran 's neighbors need to convince Iran 's rulers that Iranians , too , can participate in the region 's growth , and even become regional leaders .
We can only understand Iran 's real intentions by engaging the Iranians -- not cornering them .
Restructuring the role of Turkey 's army is vital , but if Turkey can not follow through with the Armenian and Kurdish openings , the country 's own domestic situation , its relations with the two peoples , as well as tensions in the Caucasus , will undoubtedly worsen .
After all , if France and Germany can face their tortured history , Turkey should be able to do so as well .
Otherwise , it will appear that no amount of negotiation can help set the Caucasus straight -- powerfully undermining a key restraint preventing the two sides from trying again to achieve a military solution .
An acceptable blueprint might emerge from high-level negotiations in Astana if it were to build on what succeeded in breaking previous negotiating deadlocks : the idea of a referendum in which the war-weary Karabakhis can determine their final status .
Countries with expanding economies would be better off using their new wealth to create ways of life that can be sustained beyond that inescapable point , rather than recklessly investing in a future that has no future .
Turkey has no desire to serve as a strategic counterweight to Iran and believes that only a territorially intact Iraq can continue to play that role .
Israel 's excellent judiciary can rely on her full support .
After all , Israel is not the United States , and gender can never work as anyone 's sole adjective .
For the time being , Israel should strive for the safest truce it can accomplish , provided that Hamas stops shooting out of its own crowded living room .
Even weak prime ministers can wage war , but it takes a Menachem Begin or a Yitzhak Rabin to go the opposite way .
I hope , but can not promise , that it would be the well-tempered voice of Middle Israel .
There can be no excuses , no `` but we did n't intend . ''
If so , then here 's further proof that only peaceful and stable countries can afford the luxury of incompetent decision-makers .
First , Erdo?an 's government recognized that change can deliver greater stability than inertia , which invariably breaks down chaotically as economic decline and political infighting take hold .
Second , Turkey shows that an external anchor , such as membership in the European Union or pressure from the International Monetary Fund , can be decisive in triggering change and , therefore , in enhancing prosperity .
Indeed , there can no longer be any debate about the need to act , because the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- , of which I am chairman , has established climate change as an unequivocal reality beyond scientific doubt .
The rate of decline would then determine the extent to which the worst effects of climate change can be avoided .
But almost no serious intellectual can continue to doubt the common ancestry of all living things .
Toledo had every reason to seek Villanueva 's help : as everyone knows , despite being locked up at the Callao Naval Base , Vladimiro Montesinos continues to exercise influence and can find ways to bring down Toledo 's government .
Never mind that Congress has prohibited him from ever returning to Peru - - where he faces serious charges of corruption - or that he can count on only 15 % of the electorate to support him .
More troubling is the fact that anyone with legal problems due to ties to either Fujimori or Toledo can find a newspaper , television , or radio outlet from which to make accusations .
How can that be ?
That way , economically irrational lock-in effects , whereby workers simply can not afford to change jobs , are avoided .
The system protects not only the unemployed , who can continue to pay their mortgages and interest , but also indirectly the banks , because their loans to households are repaid even in times of recession .
And , instead of solving all sorts of economically caused private problems , laid-off workers can concentrate on finding new and more future-oriented jobs .
On the contrary , it can be compatible with rapidly rising real income and more and better jobs .
In countries with higher price growth than in Germany , but with the same borrowing costs , this can not produce anything but overheating , higher inflation , and even lower real interest rates .
Every economy needs someone who can ensure that the proverbial punch bowl is taken away when the party gets out of hand .
More often than not , they have had little or no connection with one another : development specialists dealt comfortably with dictatorships and democracies alike , believing that prosperity can best be created by concentrating exclusively on economic issues and institutions .
Infrastructural investment and economic reform are crucial for the Mediterranean region 's future development , but they can not transform the region without a parallel emphasis on democracy , the rule of law , human rights , and education .
Higher interest rates can spur consumption if their impact on income outweighs the increased incentive to save .
Worse still , other countries whose currencies have appreciated against the renminbi can look forward to a Chinese import invasion .
With China retaining its under-valued currency policy , dollar depreciation can aggravate global deflationary forces .
Moreover , there is an old mentality among Southern countries that they can do no wrong in their relationships with the North , and that they should exhibit solidarity with each other regarding those relationships .
Government spending can also help , but its role is limited .
The Chicago School claims that real-world market economies produce roughly efficient -LRB- so-called `` Pareto optimal '' -RRB- outcomes on which public policy can not improve .
Consequently , policy interventions that address market failures -- as well as widespread information imperfections and the non-existence of many needed markets -- can make everyone better off .
MIT economists tend to espouse the opposite : fairness is important , the real world is unacceptably unfair , and government failure can be prevented by good institutional design , including democracy .
Borrowing is also supported by an easing of credit standards and new financial products that increase leverage and widen the range of assets that can be borrowed against .
That way , wage income , not debt and asset price inflation , can again provide the engine of demand growth .
Consumers can reduce spending on other discretionary items and use the savings to pay higher gasoline prices .
Credit can also temporarily fill consumer budget gaps .
Although the housing boom in the United States -- which helped in this regard -- ended in 2006 , consumer debt continues to grow , and America 's Federal Reserve has been doing everything it can to encourage this .
The root problem is that financial markets can now mobilize tens of billions of dollars for speculative purposes .
If implemented now , steep rate cuts can still have a significant positive effect .
The destruction of wealth also destroys collateral , which means that even those who wish to borrow can not .
This threat means that the financial bailout funds authorized by Congress can legitimately be used to support the automakers . Treasury 's refusal to do so is a monumental blunder that risks a general meltdown , the consequences of which will extend far beyond America 's shores .
A recent Pew Forum study found Europe 's Muslims to be `` markedly less well off than the general population , frustrated with economic opportunities and socially isolated , '' while most American Muslims say that `` their communities are excellent or good places '' to live ; 71 % say they can succeed in the US if they work .
It can be argued that only those poor eager for the harsh but open possibilities of American life immigrate to the US .
Why can they participate without assimilating ?
And they can keep not only their private faith but practice it publicly .
China 's environmental problems , complex as the causes may be , can ultimately be attributed to our understanding of Marxism .
Unfortunately , unlike Western countries , we can not afford to wait until our per capita annual GDP reaches $ 10,000 before tackling our environmental problems .
Government can not solve these problems on its own .
They can not limit themselves simply to `` supervision '' and appeals to the authorities .
This can only be done by introducing legal mechanisms to reward those who protect the environment , while making polluters pay , and by helping to unify the environmental watchdogs scattered across different sectors .
But if we want to discover the role that a religion like Islam plays in determining a society 's fundamental shape , we can indeed be led astray by making comparisons between different countries or global regions .
If properly managed , migration can enhance Europe 's cultural wealth and meet its labor-market needs , as fertility rates in the EU fall and its population ages .
Unlike the `` war on terrorism , '' European integration can serve as a model for resolving the underlying crises of the Middle East and addressing the roots of violence in the wider region .
From religious and ethnic conflict , Europe can once again forge a model of peaceful cooperation -- this time by creating an integrated zone of stability in the Eastern Mediterranean .
A traditional party leader says to his followers , `` You can trust me . ''
We in PASOK , the party that I lead , have started to think through what we want out of politics in a practical sense and how this can be delivered in a way that respects people 's lives .
People can easily become lost in today 's ocean of information .
So I believe that the future for political parties is to develop a culture of debate , dialogue , and critical understanding of issues , where people can help set a nation 's priorities and are not simply told by experts or their leaders what is right and wrong for them .
The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development .
Of course , bringing more democracy into our daily lives can not mean perpetual debate , without actually making decisions .
There is , by contrast , a traditional style of leadership that almost encourages fear and insecurity , so that a savior can come along and say , `` I am the one who will solve this . ''
But one can do this in ways that are not violent and aggressive , by defending the principles of that new relationship .
We can not afford to leave the region 's protracted conflicts such as the ones in Nagorno-Karabakh and Transnistria on the back burner , as last year 's war in Georgia made abundantly clear .
Only a joint response can be effective .
The eurozone 's dilemmas , and the pros and cons of proposed solutions , can be debated endlessly .
However , addressing the eurozone 's deeper defects can not be postponed endlessly .
By contrast , a combination of Eurobonds , a fully-fledged debt facility , enhanced powers for the ECB so that it can act as a lender of last resort , and solid economic governance would work .
That the Latin American right can sleep at night despite this leftward tide is not merely the result of communism 's disappearance , nor does it mean that the US has given up its hegemonic intentions . The explanation lies in the fact that much of today 's left is not the left as we have known it .
Easy applause can no longer be had by attacking big business or the IMF .
An excessive focus on growth and macroeconomic balances can lead to frustration among those sectors that are demanding better living conditions when they raised this new social democratic left to power .
They point to Muslim rhetoric suffused with hatred of the West , and deduce that Muslims can not be good citizens of Western democracies .
This can not be attributed to the current widespread feeling among Muslims that their identity is under threat .
Long chains of DNA can now be manufactured to order , and scientists are identifying which genes are essential .
It is hard to imagine that a free and fair election can take place against the backdrop of such intense and systemic violence .
In the majority opinion in Boumediene v. Bush , Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote that `` Liberty and security can be reconciled ; and in our system they are reconciled within the framework of the law . '' But there is no rule of law left in Zimbabwe -- no habeas corpus and no check on arbitrary state action .
Only then can the principles underlying the Supreme Court 's decision come within reach of ordinary Zimbabweans .
This regularly engulfs him in controversy , but it can serve an educational purpose .
So , when you get history wrong , it can skew your own strategic choices .
But , worse than that , blindness to what really happened in the past can distort the development of your society .
Finally , while nation states remain the basic building blocs in international affairs , and loyalty to your nation -- patriotism -- is a fine thing , crude nationalism can be deeply destructive .
Rigorous historical enquiry can save us from blindness about who we are and what we can do .
Moreover , some sorts of knowledge can rapidly become redundant .
This year 's task may be to reach a global understanding in Copenhagen that is not too prescriptive , but which is more than aspirational and into which an American domestic political agreement can be incorporated once Obama achieves it .
All of us must hope that the first Internet-generation American President can lead his own country and the rest of humanity into a safer and more sustainably prosperous future .
Some system of joint or international sovereignty over Jerusalem 's holy places and the division of the city so that it can become the capital of two states .
Who is there now who can still light a candle in the dark ?
Maalouf hopes that one day he can call all of the Middle East his homeland , and that his grandson will find his book a strange memento of a time when these arguments had to be put forward .
I can not think of one who did so much damage to America at home and to its reputation abroad .
If you assume that governing is like campaigning -- that you have to be on top of the debate 24 hours a day , seven days a week -- can you really anticipate a long shelf life ?
We are told that NATO and the West can not build a nation there and that the goals that have been set for establishing democracy and prosperity are unattainable .
It is vanity to think that anything can be done to prevent this .
So the West can do better .
When you do n't like a government , you can turn the rascals out without overthrowing the whole system .
Outsiders , even admirers , have often wondered how the most globalized country in the world -- a continent inhabited by people from every land -- can be so irrationally insular on some issues .
But surely the way a society cares for its sick and needy and elderly is sufficiently important to deserve serious and thoughtful argument based on what we really can see with our own eyes rather than on uninformed partisan prejudice .
Since then , Blair has become an adviser to banks -LRB- which need all the advice they can get these days -RRB- , is touring the world to promote a sensible policy on global warming and climate change , has created a foundation to help bridge the divide between different faiths , and will lecture on religion at Yale .
There can not be a Palestinian state without dealing with West Bank settlements .
How can you have a viable state carved up by fences , military roads , and barbed wire ?
Moreover , a Palestinian state would not only comprise the West Bank and Gaza , but presumably would also have to accommodate the principal political parties in each area . Attempts to destroy Hamas -- whether politically or physically -- have not worked and can not work .
Maybe Blair has hit on how this can be achieved .
But the dark side of Mao can not be totally expunged .
Britain can rest easy that its world role will remain the aspiring Jeeves of the White House .
She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President José Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve-up of jobs .
So what can we do to nudge things forward in a region where America is again engaged but not respected , and where Europe is neither ?
Money , however , can trigger all sorts of other emotions -- like rage , for example .
The Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen notes in his latest magisterial book The Idea of Justice that most people understand that a process is fair when they can detect a connection between effort and reward .
It is not as though Africa lacked resources or the ability to govern itself well . Peaceful Botswana is a good example of what can be achieved .
Obama can rage and weep .
If he gets them right , he can forget about his short-term critics .
Japanese businessmen may be a little puzzled by the creative chaos of India ; the argumentative culture can seem alien to them .
It is not that they have given up on government ; they are just realistic about what it can achieve .
Interior Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram , a tough reformer , has this problem in his sights , but it can not be solved by better policing alone .
And , to be fair , Nitish Kumar , the chief minister of Bihar , a poor state that previously was a byword for corruption and incompetence , has shown what can be done by beginning a serious transformation of his state in just five years .
If India 's other states -- and the central government -- can follow this example , then the polish of India will not lose its shine .
But can this infatuation possibly last ?
But it does remind us that , while the US is in many respects the most globalized society in the world , it can also be surprisingly insular and nationalistic .
How can we push through the reforms that will cut public spending to levels that we can afford and raise our ability to compete internationally ?
With the changes in the import controls on Gaza -- there is now a list of what can not be taken in , rather than of what can -- more goods should arrive .
Moreover , ordinary Gazans can not rebuild their homes and schools , because building materials remain proscribed , or are dribbled in only for UN projects .
Doctors and students can leave Gaza only rarely to attend conferences or universities abroad .
It is the deepest countryside . As I write this under a vine in my vegetable garden , I look west across wooded hills and can not see another building .
So now I can use my laptop just as though I was at home in London , and the satellite dish gives us the world 's television and radio stations as well .
How can we make markets and technology serve us rather than -- as so often seems to be true -- vice versa ?
How can we ensure that technology meets the needs of the poor and does not simply increase the divide between laptop-owning , Blackberry-using Westerners like me and the poor in India or China ?
The message conveyed by the pope and by the religious leaders with whom he met defied the contemporary assumption that the public can not understand anything longer or more complicated than a sound bite .
Reason devoid of ethics can prove insufficient to support the survival of civilization , a point that the pope 's own homeland , Germany , discovered in the 1930 's .
Where can and should religion and ethics contribute to our political discourse ?
We need leaders with sufficient mastery of detail , like China 's last premier Zhu Rongji , who can not only tell us how they will get us from A to Z , but can actually lead us from A to B.
It is more than odd to argue that the rest of the world has to cope with a built-in advantage for China 's exporters because its authoritarian political system can not cope with any change .
The travelers who can find no room at the inn .
Leave aside the fact that you can make an even stronger case against Godlessness -- remember the atrocities of atheist totalitarians in the twentieth century -- and consider the assault on those whose commitment to literal interpretations of religious texts means that they deny science and reason .
Palestine from the Jordan River to the coast should be handed to Israel so that the world can end with a cataclysmic Christian triumph .
What else can explain the treatment of Obama on his first trip to China and during the disastrous 2009 climate-change conference in Copenhagen , where a relatively minor Chinese official wagged his finger in the face of the US president ?
You can see the consequences in the sprawling cemeteries of northern and eastern France and the borderlands of central Europe .
How do we deal with equity on a global scale when we can not even deal with it country by country ?
But global poverty , environmental catastrophe , proliferation , Afghanistan and the Middle East are not problems that can be put on hold while Europe talks to itself .
Moreover , Europe too often gives the impression that its citizens can be taken for granted .
But Europe can not be built on this democratic deficit .
America needs to rein in its household and fiscal spending , so that it can cut the amount of money that it borrows and owes .
When they get into the polling booth in November , will Americans vote on `` culture wars '' issues -- sex and guns -- or on the basis of whether they can afford to pay their mortgages ?
The US should focus more attention on China , without ever pretending that China 's record on human rights can be swept under the carpet .
China can not sustain its economic development without political changes and environmental improvements .
This circle can be very small , including just your kin and those with whom you interact on a daily basis , or it can be extremely broad , including all humans , but also fetuses , animals , plants , and even the earth itself .
For most of us , the circle is mid-sized , and working out its precise boundaries -- does it include stem cells , for instance ? -- can be a source of anguish and conflict .
This reasoning can apply as well to how we regard adults .
Focusing on the soul , then , leads to moral concern , and can expand the moral circle .
The opposite can occur when someone is viewed solely as a body , and one emotion that supports this outcome is disgust .
But disgust can readily extend to people .
Even schoolchildren can recite some projected outcomes : oceans will warm and glaciers will melt , causing sea levels to rise and salt water to inundate low-lying coastal areas .
Prolonged heat can increase smog and the dispersal of allergens , causing respiratory symptoms .
But advanced nations , too , can fall victim to surprise attack -- as happened last year when the first outbreak of West Nile virus in North America killed seven New Yorkers .
Similarly , Dengue -LRB- or `` breakbone '' -RRB- fever -- a severe flu-like viral illness that can cause fatal internal bleeding -- has broadened its range in the Americas over the past 10 years , reaching down to Buenos Aires by the end of the 1990 's .
These outbreaks , of course , can not be traced conclusively to global warming .
Paradoxically , droughts can favor water-borne diseases -- including cholera , a cause of severe diarrhea -- by wiping out supplies of safe drinking water , concentrating contaminants , and preventing good hygiene .
Because we have a framework for high-level discussions , we can -- and do -- pick up the phone and talk .
But neither country can protect its way to prosperity : protectionism harms China 's industrial development and our efforts to build stronger trading relationships .
We also know that fish catches can remain high -LRB- and in fact usually do -RRB- even as stocks collapse , as illustrated by cod off Eastern Canada , which yielded good catches until the fishery had to be closed because there were literally no fish left .
One reason why acquaculture 's practitioners can get away with this is that the public assumes that all of these operations are similar , and that they all add to the global fish supply . This is simply not the case .
It also can explain our moral attachments to those we see as members of our immediate tribe .
These can motivate us to think of distant people as if they were friends and family .
This can drive our powerful impulse to deal with distant evils through sanctions , bombings , and war .
Musharraf is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get -- including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled .
The two civilian leaders may soon begin vying with each other to see who can claim to be more anti-Musharraf .
Nor can Musharraf count on the military , despite his recent appointments .
If they come to believe that Musharraf is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
Between them , European and American rules can require many resource-extraction companies to be transparent , but there remain many companies that come under other jurisdictions .
Or you can take a poppy field and dig a large pond , fill it with fish , plant trees around it , buy some ducks and have your children watch them .
Such reforms can work only if the big member states do not succumb to the temptation to use these mechanisms to bypass or ride roughshod over the interests of the small countries .
A significant change in Europe 's economic fortunes can not be expected unless deep structural changes are introduced .
Milder versions of nationalist , euroskeptic , or xenophobic slogans can now be heard from political parties such as the Czech Republic 's Civic Democrats or Hungary 's Fidesz , the largest opposition forces in those countries .
The international community , especially the EU , can offer few incentives to encourage moderate politics in these two countries .
While most Russians seem to realize that their country can no longer be `` salvaged '' by the Communists , many are betting on semi-authoritarian rule and national revival stemming from traditional Russian values .
It may be more natural for the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia to strive for closer regional cooperation with Austria and Slovenia , the contours of which can already be seen in some existing regional groupings .
The ruling coalitions can finally afford , at least temporarily , `` the luxury '' of populism that opposition parties used as their main weapon in the last few years .
The rest they can manage on their own .
This is not to suggest , of course , that just because the EU can not agree on a budget or a constitution Europe is approaching yet another historical calamity .
Although the collapse of the common currency area owing to political squabbles seems unlikely at this point , it can not be ruled out entirely .
Obviously , we also can not completely rule out the possibility of a subsequent weakening or disintegration of Europe 's common political structures .
But this does not mean that China can do nothing to help Europe .
China can take three measures to help Europe , but , if they are to succeed , the EU must set aside some of its long-standing suspicions about China .
First , China can help boost the EU 's exports by lowering its administrative trade barriers to products from the EU .
Second , China can participate in bank recapitalization in Europe .
What kind of guarantee of a good faith effort to reach a peace agreement can come from such a stance ?
Where we can not agree , however , is on a `` right of return '' for Palestinians .
When a country 's president delivers crazy speeches , denies the Holocaust , and does not hide his ambition to control the Middle East , who can guarantee that the threat is not serious ?
But that does not mean that we can afford to ignore an obvious threat from countries that want to destroy us .
But we can not reach that goal alone , much less negotiate with those whose idea of a stable and peaceful Middle East is one that has no place for Israel .
Policy debates in the US are chiefly preoccupied with ensuring that banks are never `` too big to fail '' ; that private investors rather than taxpayers hold `` contingent capital , '' which in a crash can be converted into equity ; and that `` over-the-counter '' markets ' functioning be improved through greater reliance on centralized trading , clearing , and settlements .
Small failures can give birth to large panics , which means that in a crisis almost everyone is `` too big to fail . ''
The reality is that we can have as large a financial boom and subsequent bust as we just experienced , resulting in the same economic misery , in a world made up only of small banks .
Today , we know that only a political process that takes each party 's legitimate national interests into account can reduce the risk of renewed violent conflict in the Middle East .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
These interests are not mutually exclusive and can be summarized as follows : Israel 's security , Palestinian statehood , Lebanon 's sovereignty and Syria 's territorial integrity .
How can Palestinian statehood be preserved ?
They should also make clear that no regional deal can be made at the expense of Lebanon 's sovereignty .
Such a policy can include additional Security Council sanctions , but it must also carry an offer of dialogue that pragmatic forces in Iran would not refuse .
Only the US can give the Islamic Republic the security guarantees it craves .
Such passivity is not in Iran 's interest . As the Middle East 's essential regional player , Iran can trigger and heat up conflicts as well as contribute to their solution .
Yet few in the Iranian establishment understand that being the leading regional power brings responsibility ; and that only responsible behavior can create legitimacy and acceptance that Iran craves .
Iranian policymakers must , therefore , try to develop their own ideas for a negotiated resolution of the nuclear and other regional security issues , as well as to think about how Iran can rebuild trust in its actions .
But it can not have it both ways , seeking guarantees against regime change at home , and promoting it in its neighborhood .
But these bodies must not be seen as substitutes for the far more comprehensive accession process , which only the EU itself can initiate .
Unfortunately , human memory fades with time , and new generations of engineers with no vivid experience of past failures can proceed with hubris to design again beyond wise limits .
Building a new bridge following a familiar model can lead to complacency .
Productivity is an important element . Only a high-productivity economy can promise all or most working-age persons a range of careers at high wage rates .
In many cases , post-conflict aid can reach extraordinarily high levels after the conflicts ends , both in per capita terms and relative to the size of the recipient economies .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
You can think of the paradox in another way : we live in an era when knowledge -- in the sense of information -- is constantly available in real time through computers , smart phones , electronic tablets , and book readers .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
We can predict which islands were likely large enough to have once supported unique species and so estimate how many species are missing . The total is nearly 1,000 .
Our results show that conservation efforts can reduce the irreversible loss of biodiversity .
First , `` genetic engineering can not solve the hunger and food insecurity problem . '' This is correct : GM foods can not singlehandedly solve the problem , but they can be an important part of the solution .
Russians , it seems , can only feel good about themselves if they are contesting the world 's great power head to head .
Nevertheless , Putin still considers it necessary to pose in front of television cameras every few months to report that Russian scientists have developed some new missile that can penetrate any anti-ballistic missile system that the US may erect .
The social awareness of Homo Putinicus , meticulously burnished by television propagandists , is such that pride in Lugovoi 's achievement and indignation at the infamous campaign unleashed against him by those who hate Russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary Russians without the slightest dissonance .
China can solve its domestic problems , such as separatism , by itself .
While this belief unfortunately does have some validity , it requires one very important caveat : Russia is part of that ship . Russia can make advances to Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran , and it can remind the Arab world that the Soviet Union helped it develop and offered it protection in the United Nations Security Council .
We still can not name its players , but we are aware of its interests and impact on events in the same way that astronomers discern a new but invisible planet by recording its impact on known and visible objects in space .
Both sides firmly agree that there is nothing that the `` weakened and cowardly West '' can do to restrain Russia , a nuclear and petroleum superpower , beyond financial retribution against those Russian rulers with vast assets abroad .
But the national kleptocrats seem to believe that they can live without overseas assets , or without educating their children and maintaining residences in the West .
I can not predict who will win this growing confrontation .
Unless that sort of appeasement is pursued , he warns , Russia will continue to oppose the US `` wherever and whenever it can . ''
One wants to get his hooks into a further trillion dollars that it can pick away at , while the other wants to become `` a central construct of the system of international relations . ''
- Only a few rules are freestanding , i.e. can be fully understood and enforced without reference to other legal terms and concepts .
If countries that adopt standards are defined as `` safe '' investments , foreign investors can justify their actions even if things go badly wrong .
But this can work only as long as the US does not follow suit and continues to serve as consumer of last resort .
This will inevitably make fixed exchange-rate links crack under pressure as the same monetary policy can not possibly be appropriate for both regions .
BRUSSELS -- It is an old debate , but tensions within the euro area have revived it : can a monetary union survive without some form of fiscal federalism ?
No one , not even die-hard European integrationists , imagines that it can reach 5 % of GDP -LRB- it is more likely to decrease -RRB- .
A second solution is what can be called `` distributive federalism . ''
This is what inspired the decision taken in May to create the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , by which assistance can be provided , jointly with the International Monetary Fund , to partner countries in times of crisis .
In Germany , many consider the EFSF a breach of the fundamental principle that EU governments can not be bailed-out by their partners .
But an important insight from history is that unsustainable fiscal policies are more likely to result in defaults when fiscal problems can not be inflated away .
Loose analogies can easily be regarded at proofs , and a vast array of experiences can be enrolled to support a particular view .
History can be an essential compass when past experience provides unambiguous headings .
Governance by analogy can easily lead to muddled governance .
A simple way to reduce the frequency of crises is to require banks to rely more on equity and less on debt so that they can incur more losses without going bankrupt -- a measure that is currently being considered at the global level .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
But even the ECB can not be indifferent to the risks of appreciation , because a strong euro may seriously complicate economic adjustment in countries like Spain , Portugal , Greece , and Ireland .
But everyone can not have a weak currency at the same time , so , in 1944 , responsibility for preventing beggar-thy-neighbor depreciation was assigned to the International Monetary Fund , whose Articles of Agreement mandate it to `` exercise firm surveillance over the exchange-rate policies '' of member countries .
The IMF can not substitute for governments ' choices . But it can help the search for a solution .
When the rules of the global monetary game are unclear , inadequate , or obsolete , countries can not abide by them , and some may attempt to exploit them to their own advantage .
According to an unwritten rule that has emerged over the years , central banks can do as they see fit , as long as they keep inflation stable over the medium term .
Naturally , the major central banks are concerned with the inflation that they can control -- homemade inflation .
America 's response shows , however , that integration can not be viewed as a one-way street .
They argued that the skills needed in today 's global marketplace can only be developed through exposure to a wide diversity of people .
His government can claim to have reduced poverty from 35 % to 22 % of the population , and also to have maintained a trend towards lower inequality , with the Gini coefficient -- a 0-1 scale of wealth concentration -- declining from 0.583 in 2003 to 0.548 in 2008 .
But this year 's 7 % growth rate , which puts Brazil nearly on par with China and India , can not be sustained , as it exceeds potential growth by a wide margin .
But , even if Brazil can not keep growing as fast as China , it still looks likely to race ahead .
A humane version of the biomedical sciences would , for instance , acknowledge that it is not about to transcend the limits of the human body , and so it would no longer make promises that it can not keep .
Such a change can not happen unless scientists themselves first take the time to consider the consequences of their own behavior toward each other .
Already eyeing a third term , he can count on political longevity on the order of Mahathir 's 22-year rule .
Entrenched regimes everywhere can endure only if they recognize and accommodate popular aspirations .
In the absence of a willingness and ability to use violent repression , regime survival can be achieved only through concessions , accommodation , and periodic reinvention .
So who can blame Russians for suffering from the reform fatigue ?
Yet it also can not reduce reform to a nullity in order to ingratiate itself with the masses .
At the same time , the cost would have been well below any reasonable estimate of the average losses that can be expected from tsunamis .
Market exchange rates are not a good indicator of these differences , because they can fluctuate for other reasons .
What China needs is a more flexible exchange rate that can respond freely to market forces .
One reason that we can afford to increase the amount of aid we give is that the amount we are giving now is insignificant in comparison to what we spend on other things .
If extreme poverty is allowed to increase , it will give rise to new problems , including new diseases that will spread from countries that can not provide adequate health care to those that can .
The resolution is non-binding , but if nations were to enact laws putting it into effect , there can be no doubt that it would interfere with freedom of expression .
By contrast , suppressing the freedom of speech of Islam 's critics merely gives rise to the suspicion that evidence and sound argument can not show their arguments to be mistaken .
If you go to YouTube and search for `` Carl Sagan -- Pale Blue Dot , '' you can see it , and hear Sagan himself telling us that we must cherish our world because everything humans have ever valued exists only on that pale blue dot .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
Can such a code really take hold in the competitive world of business ? Perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a New York Times reporter by Max Anderson , one of the pledge 's student organizers : `` There is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good , '' he said .
We can reasonably disagree with MacAskill 's decision , but we should acknowledge that -- unless there is more going on than appears on the surface -- he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising .
On October 24 , you can stand up against this injustice .
There are many places where savings can be made .
Development costs of $ 800 million are not unusual for a drug , and we can expect to see more of a new type of drug -- biopharmaceuticals made from living cells -- which cost even more .
Now those with the disease can lead an almost normal life , thanks to a drug called Cerezyme -- but it costs $ 175,000 a year .
In countries that provide free health care to their citizens , it is extraordinarily difficult for officials to tell anyone that the government will not pay for the only drug or medical device that can save their life -- or their child 's life .
GiveWell.net , which evaluates organizations working to save the lives of the world 's poor , has identified several that can save a life for under $ 1,000 .
Indeed , while the demands of millenarians can never be met , thus leaving repression as the only means to deal with them , nationalism may be -LRB- and often is -RRB- effectively addressed through political means : when the legitimate and more widely shared nationalist goals are met , the radical fringe often loses its wider appeal and withers away .
Frighteningly , groups like Al Qaeda can claim the mantle of popular nationalism as a means of pursuing their ultimate utopian aims .
Some are inspired by Al Qaeda , others by disgruntled Sunnis , but all can claim a nationalist mantle .
But , the retreat of a glacier 's `` snout '' is only one of three measures of how glaciers can change .
One can only imagine the grave consequences if operations that are already spread thin are cut .
The possible impact can be gauged by looking at where the $ 300 billion in remittances are distributed .
Moreover , given that transaction costs often take a big slice of remittances , aid mechanisms could be used to create safe and cheap channels for financial flows , especially where private money can not easily reach remote rural areas , as is often the case in Africa or Asia .
He is weaker militarily now than then , he can not hit the US directly , and he must know that fresh aggression would bring the house down upon him .
Deterrence - which works by basic human nature , not through some arcane construct peculiar to the Cold War - can be brought to bear here .
The third reason for acting against Saddam is cogent : that his defiance of the Security Council since 1991 can not be allowed to stand .
Just as an independent central bank helps the private sector take long-term decisions based on a clear and stable set of rules , so an independent financial sector regulator can ensure that the rules of the regulatory game are applied consistently over time .
America once again must participate in nation building , and it can not do so on the cheap .
Georgia simply does not , and can not , collect sufficient taxes to do the job itself .
It 's that simple . Georgia can be a democratic domino in the Caucasus , but only with committed international support .
A different and healthy conservative response is possible if the tattered remnants of old threads , torn apart in the course of postcommunist modernization , can reconnect and grow together in a new way .
The problem is that everyone writes history in their own manner , and that there are no scales that can fix the precise point at which the remedy of unifying patriotism turns into the lethal poison of rabid nationalism .
The `` Putin Center '' can be displaced .
Together with the pro-democracy army chief , Gen. Ashfaq Kayani , this coalition can address Pakistan 's most pressing challenges , including terrorism .
With the addition of smaller parties and independents to the coalition , they can also impeach Musharraf and restore the judiciary , which he had deposed .
While it can not be scientifically proven -LRB- or disproven , for that matter -RRB- that global warming caused any particular extreme event , we can say that global warming very likely makes many kinds of extreme weather both more frequent and more severe .
But , viewed in a broader context , and using the logic of physics , important parts of the plot can be understood .
Extreme rainfall events will also become more frequent and intense in a warmer climate , owing to another simple fact of physics : warm air can hold more moisture .
The carbon-dioxide effect can also change the preferred patterns of atmospheric circulation , which can exacerbate extremes of heat , drought , or rainfall in some regions , while reducing them in others .
The problem is that a reduction in those extremes to which we are already well-adapted provides only modest benefits , whereas the new extremes to which we are not adapted can be devastating , as recent events in Pakistan show .
With swift and decisive action , we can still limit global warming to a total of 2º Celsius or a bit less .
Problems arise when countries can not -- or will not -- spend sensibly .
Unfortunately , though , so long as some countries like China , Germany , Japan , and the oil exporters pump surplus goods into the world economy , not all countries can trim their spending to stay within their means .
China , for example , must move more income to households and away from its firms , so that private consumption can increase .
The US must improve the education and skills of significant parts of its labor force , so that they can produce more of the high-quality knowledge and service-sector exports in which the US specializes .
The theory does not say that markets can not plummet if the news is bad , or if investors become risk-averse .
We can not point to a lonely Cassandra like Robert Shiller of Yale University , who regularly argued that house prices were unsustainable , as proof that the truth was ignored .
There are enough instances of possible bias that the issue can not be ignored .
That leaves the third undesirable possibility , the search for unprotected scapegoats upon whom public anger can be dissipated .
But , as the 1930 's showed , it is hard to imagine any possibility worse than where this type of behavior can lead .
But prolonged near-zero rates can foster the wrong kinds of activities .
One might think that a country that owns foreign oil can use the profits from sales to insulate its economy from high world oil prices .
Indeed , one can imagine black marketeers and smugglers buying where grain is available and transporting it to sell to countries where it is not .
For example , the real-estate lobby in the US obviously has no desire to see government support for housing diminish , despite the fact that the US probably has far more housing stock than it can afford .
No US president can unilaterally agree to alter the pattern of government support and spending ; that is a decision for Congress .
Similarly , no Chinese president can unilaterally agree to allow the renminbi to appreciate faster ; that is a consensus decision reached together with the various apparatchiks in the State Council and Communist Party .
But neither the G-20 nor the IMF can impose its will on national governments -- nor should they .
How , then , can we go beyond ritualistic meetings that do little to advance the global agenda ?
If we can make these changes -- and one should not minimize the scale of the task -- perhaps when G-20 leaders meet in the future , they will not think that their citizens have little interest in the outcome .
But when an easily extractable , government-controlled resource accounts for a large share of national output , democracy can suffer .
Without revenue , such a government can not pay the army or thugs who keep it in power .
Even if the government-owned oil industry is broken up and privatized , whether to foreigners or not , there is no guarantee that a future government can not regain control .
A priority for any interim administration must be to restore and improve educational and healthcare institutions so that they can recover lost ground .
The easiest fix is to let foreigners in so that they can channel foreign capital into domestic private ventures .
This can provide considerable stability -- indeed , the second half of the 20th century saw only four German firms succumb to hostile takeovers -- but at the cost of reducing access to finance and curtailing future opportunities .
The more political power is centralized , the more the central authority can interfere with market development .
The question is not whether Europe should move toward a market-based financial system . The real question is whether Europe retains the political will to continue to do so , and whether EU countries can strengthen the institutions necessary to reap the full benefits of financial markets .
The EU can buck this anti-market trend by promoting structural reforms in southern European countries and focussing on enlargement to increase economic competition .
Whereas the outsourcing phenomenon is attenuating the need for labor migration , domestic migration can be limited further by the use of home offices , which can eventually reduce stress on real estate , public transport networks , roads , and airports .
But , while there is much to celebrate , questions remain about whether the IAEA can increase its capacity both to combat proliferation and promote nuclear power plant safety .
Without authority to enforce safe practices , the IAEA can not better assure nuclear safety in these or other countries .
So , if Israel can not guarantee the plant 's defense against attack , it should close it .
Today , with the benefit of time , we can evaluate whether the accord truly marks the `` historic turning point '' President Johnson hoped for .
The evidence today suggests that this pattern can be repeated when the United States departs Mesopotamia and leaves Iraqis to define their own fate .
But Somalia soon demonstrated that quagmires can be a two-way street . Following Ethiopia 's intervention , the Islamists found themselves out of power .
As Council president , France , which shares America 's views about the need to strengthen sanctions on Iran 's government , can raise the matter , something that China eschewed during its tenure in January as Council leader .
While the revelation may appear merely to be a historical footnote , more profoundly it raises new uncertainty about whether Israel now thinks that it can rely on the United States to apply military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program should diplomacy fail .
The Syrian episode suggests that it can not , which means that Israel may decide to go it alone once again , this time to eliminate Iran 's nuclear facilities .
But making explicit what lies implicit can sharpen US decision-making .
He can radicalize the `` revolution , '' as he has done in earlier crises , or he can lay down the rules and conditions for the succession in order to prevent the prediction , attributed to the long-time Chávista Diosdado Cabello , from coming true : `` Without Chávez , there will be absolutely nothing left . ''
The military can choose to uphold the elected government , regardless of which party wins , or prevent the eventual triumph of the opposition Mesa de Unidad .
Indeed , a fundamental lesson of terrorist attacks and insurgencies , we now know , is that no nation , however self-sufficient , can afford to remain heedless of whether others sink or swim .
Certainly , we are all beginning to realize how precarious that process is -- how easily market mechanisms can be rolled back by cultural resentments stemming from economic exploitation , political oppression , and social injustice .
This is where the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- can help .
The first and crucial preventive step that any government can take in the face of a renewed Al Qaeda offensive in southeast Asia is fully to respect the creativity , mobility , technical expertise , and financial capabilities of suicidal groups .
Although Obama is likely to give priority in his diplomacy to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , he can not take the Asia-Pacific region 's stability for granted .
At this time of economic turmoil around the world , increasing Taiwan 's formal economic links with China and its regional partners can only benefit everyone involved , because an inevitable side-effect will be a lessening of tension .
With goodwill on all sides , real advantages can materialize from building up this informal grouping , as it is a gateway to the huge markets of Southeast and Northeast Asia .
There is now real hope that talks along these lines can succeed .
The finest tribute Filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to Cory 's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered , bountiful future for which she and Ninoy aspired . Irrevocably , their names will forever be intimately intertwined with the peaceful revolution of 1986 which restored our liberty and democracy .
Success in that war is not pre-ordained , but can only be won through willing sacrifice , faithfulness to duty , and concerted action for our people 's well-being .
Realizing that economics can not be neatly separated from politics , APEC soon began to include security issues in its agenda .
But now that community must confront its greatest challenge : the rise of China . As China grows mightier economically and politically , how can long-term stability in the Asia-Pacific be ensured ?
Once these political shifts begin , APEC can begin to transform itself into an Asia-Pacific Community for Economic Cooperation and Security . The strategic test will be for regional organizations -- such as APEC -- to ensure that the spirit of cooperation always outweighs the member states ' competitive impulses .
Only such a pledge can provide the type of certainty that investors -- any investors -- will need if the Spratly resources are to be developed .
He was a philosopher in the same sense that Socrates was : a thinker who questioned what others take for granted , and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior , yet also more fulfilling .
As an intellectual , Tajbakhsh can not expect the world 's celebrities to beg Iran 's government for his release .
Now , at long last , we can close one of the darkest and most bloodstained chapters in Europe 's history .
It can give Europe both the dynamism and the drive to create the foundation of a new European consciousness .
The Commission has presented a very reasonable proposal for how this can be done .
I expect that we can find reach agreement on this basis .
We aim for a Treaty that can stand for several years without further changes .
At the same time , we must ensure that the Commission can work effectively with 25 or more members .
But whether we continue with the current format for the Presidency or introduce a team model , we must consider how the President of the European Council can play a role in coordinating work within the Council .
We can enact measures in each of our member states and in the EU , but coordinated action by the EU and the US would be a realistic start .
Private funds can not operate without these two giant markets , and would have to comply with their requirements .
Even so , ensuring transparency and disclosure can not fully address heavily debt-laden leveraged buy-outs , which would still be objectionable .
There is a need to set a limit on the amount of debt that a company can accumulate , and change acquisition and merger legislation to include leverage .
In an era of globalized financial markets , when countries can find it hard to cope with rapid cross-border capital flows , there is no time for complacency .
Europe and Japan can increase their growth by stepping up the pace of structural reform .
As with the HIPC Initiative of which it is a part , the MDRI will do more than reduce debt : it will free up resources that can be devoted to poverty reduction and economic development .
Outside efforts can help reduce poverty , but it is , ultimately , the efforts of low-income countries themselves to sustain strong economic performance , improve governance , and develop stable and effective institutions that will have the most important impact on reducing poverty .
Low-income countries can also improve their prospects by strengthening their fiscal management , fostering private-sector development , and liberalizing trade .
If we keep our promises , 2006 can be a year of hope for those who have little else than the dream of a better life .
Third , trade reforms can help smooth international macroeconomic fluctuations and contribute to an orderly resolution of global imbalances .
FTA 's can not substitute for multilateral liberalization .
If properly designed , they can benefit their members , especially if combined with reduced trade barriers for all trading partners .
All countries will have to give ; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone .
Pro-trade forces can speak up in the political process .
Strengthening IMF Surveillance In today 's globalized economy , one country 's economic and financial policies can reverberate far beyond its borders .
Be it the spread of inflation or the impact of currency devaluation half a world away , global economic forces can have a direct impact on every person 's livelihood .
The international community needs a setting where it can debate the most sensitive economic issues , including -- but certainly not limited to -- exchange rate issues .
At the same time , it can provide the nonpartisan technical expertise that enables governments to define policies that will ensure continued economic stability .
The same growth rate can bring anything from a modest drop in poverty to a dramatic decline .
The novel idea , elucidated in Cass Sunstein 's and Richard Thaler 's book Nudge , is that skillfully controlling the way alternatives are presented to us can `` nudge '' us toward making the choices that our own `` better selves '' would make .
As one can imagine , the results of this System-I coup d'etat are not pretty .
According to neo-classical economists , the answer is a resounding `` yes , '' and , in many cases , they can point to substantial evidence to validate their claim .
We can not use System II to fault this preference .
The Enlightenment idea that our System-II rationality can always point to an optimal choice about which every reasonable individual would agree clashes with the widely accepted modern idea that there is a plurality of reasonable choices .
If this is the case , who is to decide in what areas individuals can be fairly nudged by social engineers ?
The innovations that drive economic advances -- information technology , biotech , and nanotech -- can boost living standards in both the developing and the developed world .
We are becoming embedded in a cyberspace that can link anyone , anywhere , to all the world 's information and culture -- and to every other person on the planet .
Yet unless the rising curve of annual emissions can be reversed , the CO2 concentration will irrevocably reach a truly threatening level .
If the increase continues beyond 2050 , one can not help but be gloomy about most people 's prospects .
But how can we distinguish good banks from bad ?
As Simon Johnson suggests in his book 13 Bankers , we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail .
My work provides a new and coherent approach to macroeconomics that explains how a lack of confidence can lead to persistent unemployment .
A quantitative-easing policy in which a central bank buys risky assets can prevent price fluctuations and restore the value of financial wealth .
Confidence is a self-fulfilling prophecy , and we can , and should , manage it by direct intervention in asset markets .
Spain , which allows for widespread temporary contracts , has had the biggest increase in unemployment , because Spanish workers can be fired as quickly as those in the US .
Although the patent was eventually rescinded , the Enola case shows how the intellectual property system facilitates the monopolization of public and collective resources , favoring those who can pay expensive lawyers ' fees .
But the idea that such interventions can become customary , that great powers -LRB- and only great powers have the resources to act effectively -RRB- will commit their troops to kill and die in endless wars of altruism is utopian in the worst sense of the term -- it is utterly unrealizable .
Indeed , he can be plausibly described as being chiefly responsible for formulating and successfully propagating the doctrine of `` humanitarian intervention . ''
The world may have moved on , chastened by the realization that interveners , even when intervening in the name of human rights , can be as barbaric as tin pot dictators .
What was famously said of Thatcher -- `` the lady 's not for turning '' -- can be said of him as well .
Kouchner did not invent the so-called `` droit d'ingerence , '' which can be rendered in English as the right of intervention . That title belongs to the Italian legal theorist Mario Bettati .
Where the Red Cross view , adopted by Kouchner 's former colleagues at Doctors Without Borders , insists that humanitarian action is a vital but limited activity that can be coherent and effective only if it understands its limitations , the Kouchner view is that humanitarian action can be a lever for changing the world .
Perhaps now , humanitarian relief groups can get back to doing their vital but not world-transforming work .
Sarkozy can afford to thumb his nose at his party , given the total collapse of the opposition Socialists , who will almost certainly lose the 2012 election .
But this style of government -- essentially an electoral campaign , not a government -- virtually guarantees that almost nothing of real importance can be accomplished .
Financial markets appear to be expecting a good deal more Asian monetary tightening -- at least that 's the message that can be drawn from sharply appreciating Asian currencies , which seem to be responding to prospective moves in policy interest rates .
The lessons of earlier battles against inflation are clear on one fundamental point : inflationary pressures can not be contained by negative , or slightly positive , real short-term interest rates .
With the Chinese economy still growing at close to 10 % per year , the government can afford to take more short-term policy risk in order to clear the way for its structural agenda .
Asia can avoid this problem and get on with the heavy lifting of pro-consumption rebalancing only by nipping inflation in the bud .
The Great Recession of 2008-2009 suggests that China can no longer afford to treat the Four Uns as theoretical conjecture .
We need forces that react more quickly , reach further , and can remain in the field longer .
While gross inequalities between rich and poor persist , we can not claim to be making adequate progress toward fulfilling the ambitions set down 60 years ago .
The deepest challenges of discrimination , oppression , injustice , ignorance , exploitation , and poverty can not be addressed through the law or policy alone .
Human rights can not be realized in the absence of effective institutions .
Experts can debate whether this was in conformity with UN rules and procedures .
For the Israelis , the public statements of Palestinian armed groups celebrating rocket and mortar attacks on civilians strengthen a deep-rooted concern that negotiation will yield little and that their nation remains under existential threat from which only it can protect its people .
One can bemoan this fact , but it is better to accommodate oneself to it and accept the notion that it will take decades for Europe to think in the same way on most issues , not least about relations with the US .
It is here that Europe has a purpose it can rally around -- a message that can resonate powerfully in a world riven by religious intolerance and fanaticism .
She has yet to deal with the major problems of the day -- financial instability , Europe 's sluggish growth , the Middle East -- and she can not avoid them during her campaign .
Indeed , some experts , too , believe that the crisis can be resolved simply by refinancing banks , and that the impact on the real economy will be relatively limited .
But , unfortunately , hardly any experts can speak with confidence about both finance and macroeconomics .
We social democrats can no longer fight such battles , because the problem is not only ideological , but also cultural .
Moreover , there can be no comprehensive agreement that does not take into account the relationship between finance and the real economy .
The grumpy , moaning , and intractable people of France have demonstrated many times that they can wake up and meet the challenges of the day .
To make matters worse , national failures can no longer be addressed without aggravating the situation .
After all , much of the Washington Consensus can not be deduced from proper economic analysis .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
Only with hindsight can we see that China 's innovations were truly demanding reforms .
Property rights and the rule of law are always important so that investors -- both current and prospective -- can expect to retain the money they make .
Any economist can mouth these platitudes to his\/her hosts immediately upon arrival in a foreign land , without fear of going astray .
In a system where courts can not be relied upon to protect property rights , letting the government hold residual rights in an enterprise may have been a second-best mechanism for avoiding expropriation .
In such circumstances , the expectation of future profits can exert a stronger discipline on the public authority than fear of legal sanction .
We can multiply the examples .
But the initial spurt in growth can be achieved with minimal changes in institutional arrangements .
To the extent that we can identify growth triggers , they seem to be related to relaxing constraints that held back private economic activity .
We need to develop a framework for `` growth diagnostics '' capable of pinpointing where even a little reform can go a long way .
The main problem seems to be the paucity of entrepreneurship and low propensity to invest in plant and equipment -- what Keynes called `` low animal spirits '' -- especially to raise output of products that can be traded on world markets .
In fact , capital inflows can make things worse , because they tend to appreciate the domestic currency and make production in export activities less profitable , further weakening the incentive to invest .
Nothing can kill growth more effectively than an uncompetitive currency , and there is no faster route to currency appreciation than a surge in capital inflows .
Government policies can target private saving directly , by creating incentives for saving through appropriate tax and pension policies .
This can be done without announcing a specific target level for the exchange rate .
Once the monetary rules of the game incorporate the real exchange rate , and assuming that fiscal policy remains supportive , investors can look forward to a less volatile and more competitive currency .
The imbalances specific to underdevelopment create opportunities that policymakers can seize on .
For example , greater integration with world markets can be achieved via export subsidies -LRB- South Korea -RRB- , export-processing zones -LRB- Malaysia -RRB- , investment incentives for multinational enterprises -LRB- Singapore -RRB- , special economic zones -LRB- China -RRB- , regional free trade agreements -LRB- Mexico -RRB- , or import liberalization -LRB- Chile -RRB- .
Reforms , after all , are not hothouse plants that can be transplanted at will in any soil .
Many fear that the quality of national teams is harmed by the availability of foreign players . Why invest in developing local talent if you can hire it from abroad ?
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
I can not plead for a government bailout .
While prudential regulation and supervision can never be perfect , extending such oversight to hedge funds and other unregulated institutions can still moderate the downsides .
If things get too complicated for regulators , the job can always be turned over to the private sector , by relying on rating agencies and financial firms ' own risk models .
They are less convinced that recent financial innovation has created large gains -LRB- except for the finance industry itself -RRB- , and they doubt that prudential regulation can ever be sufficiently effective .
But , because we can not be certain that the threat of punishment deters all crime , or that all criminals are caught , our ability to induce gun owners to behave responsibly is limited .
Governance writ small focuses instead on those institutional arrangements that can best relax the constraints on growth .
Unfortunately , the type of institutional reform promoted by , among others , the World Bank , IMF , and the World Trade Organization is biased toward a best-practice model , which presumes that a set of universally appropriate institutional arrangements can be determined and views convergence towards them as being inherently desirable .
But best-practice institutions are , by definition , non-contextual and can not take local complications into account .
It can also be good for growth when it is targeted at binding constraints .
Its hypothesis is that there is a great deal of `` slack '' in poor countries , so simple changes can make a big difference .
Foreign economists and aid agencies can supply some of the ingredients , but only the country itself can provide the recipe .
The sub-prime mortgage crisis has shown how lack of international coordination and regulation can exacerbate the inherent fragility of financial markets .
But the myth of a `` development '' round , promoted by trade officials and economists who espouse the `` bicycle theory '' of trade negotiations -- the view that the trade regime can remain upright only with continuous progress in liberalization -- backfired , because the US and key developing countries found it difficult to liberalize their farm sectors .
Then we enable these loans to be pooled and packaged into securities that can be sold to investors , reducing risk in the process .
That is why you can be sure that we will have another major financial crisis sometime in the future , once this one has disappeared into the recesses of our memory .
None of this can be explained by economic fundamentals .
If necessary , the IMF can issue special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- to generate the global liquidity needed .
Developing nations also need to enshrine the notion of `` policy space '' in the World Trade Organization . The goal would be to ensure that developing countries can employ the kind of trade and industrial policies needed to restructure and diversify their economies and set the stage for economic growth .
The right responses will ensure that the world economy can begin to recover by late 2009 . Poor policy choices , on the other hand , will at best delay recovery and at worst do permanent damage .
Alas , the best that can be hoped for at this stage is that Europe will not undermine the global fiscal stimulus that even the International Monetary Fund , the guardian of fiscal orthodoxy , regards as absolutely essential .
The real question is not whether capitalism can survive -- it can -- but whether world leaders will demonstrate the leadership needed to take it to its next phase as we emerge from our current predicament .
The catch is that neither property rights nor markets can function on their own .
The reason can be expressed in one word : globalization .
Without recourse to the economist 's toolkit , we can not even begin to make sense of the current crisis .
Labor economists focus not only on how trade unions can distort markets , but also how , under certain conditions , they can enhance productivity .
Advanced training in economics requires learning about market failures in detail , and about the myriad ways in which governments can help markets work better .
No economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct .
Paradoxically , then , the current disarray within the profession is perhaps a better reflection of the profession 's true value added than its previous misleading consensus . Economics can at best clarify the choices for policy makers ; it can not make those choices for them .
Foreign borrowing can enable consumers and governments to live beyond their means for a while , but reliance on foreign capital is an unwise strategy .
The problem is not only that foreign capital flows can easily reverse direction , but also that they produce the wrong kind of growth , based on overvalued currencies and investments in non-traded goods and services , such as housing and construction .
What matters is their output of modern industrial goods -LRB- and services -RRB- , which can expand without limit as long as domestic demand expands simultaneously .
There are many ways that this can be done , including reducing the cost of domestic inputs and services through targeted investments in infrastructure .
Explicit industrial policies can be an even more potent instrument .
The key point is that developing countries that are concerned about the competitiveness of their modern sectors can afford to allow their currencies to appreciate -LRB- in real terms -RRB- as long as they have access to alternative policies that promote industrial activities more directly .
So the good news is that developing countries can continue to grow rapidly even if world trade slows in and there is reduced appetite for capital flows and trade imbalances .
We can start with a simple principle : We should strive not for maximum openness in trade and finance , but for levels of openness that leave ample room for the pursuit of domestic social and economic objectives in rich and poor countries alike .
The first approach may maximize the traffic load that can be carried safely , but it fails to take most people where they want to go and is ultimately self-defeating .
The economic and political obstacles that block deep integration can not be wished away by exhortations .
Invite him in for a cup of coffee and ask how the government can be of help ?
Governments can too easily end up in the pockets of business , resulting in cronyism and rent-seeking instead of economic growth .
Even when initially successful , government intervention in favor of business can outlive its usefulness and become ossified .
There is much that liberals can learn from it .
Yet he can not afford to be perceived as indecisive , which would only invite destabilizing financial speculation .
As a member of the Fed 's Board of Governors under Greenspan during 2002-2005 , Bernanke can also be faulted for having played along .
Asymmetric information between sellers and buyers of financial products can easily leave buyers vulnerable to abuse , as we saw with mortgage-backed securities .
As John Maynard Keynes recognized , trade restrictions can protect or generate employment during economic recessions .
But what may be desirable under extreme conditions for a single country can be highly detrimental to the world economy .
It has acted as quickly as any international bureaucracy can to establish new lines of credit for battered emerging-market countries .
You can oppose capital controls because you believe financial markets are on the whole a force for good , and that any interference will therefore generate efficiency losses .
Or you can oppose controls because you think that they can be easily evaded and are therefore doomed to remain ineffective .
If capital controls can be easily evaded -- say , by manipulating the timing of transactions or through mis-invoicing of trade flows -- then there will be little effect on the actual volume of capital inflows .
China can maintain its currency practices , but at the risk of large global macroeconomic imbalances and a major political backlash in the US and elsewhere .
Or it can let its currency appreciate , at the risk of inducing a growth slowdown and political and social unrest at home .
`` We can not afford to have different solutions in different parts of the world . ''
But the practical reality is that it can not deliver the tough regulations , closely tailored to domestic economic and political requirements , which financial markets badly need in the aftermath of the worst financial upheaval the world economy has experienced since the Great Depression .
But what happened on February 19 can safely be called the end of an era in global finance .
Taxes and other restrictions on capital inflows , the IMF 's economists wrote , can be helpful , and they constitute a `` legitimate part '' of policymakers ' toolkit .
The IMF 's policy note makes clear that controls on cross-border financial flows can be not only desirable , but also effective .
Another is to reduce vulnerability to sudden changes in financial-market sentiment , which can wreak havoc with domestic growth and employment .
The IMF can help to fill the gap .
The nudge can take the form of subsidies , loans , infrastructure , and other kinds of support .
But open-ended incentives have their own costs : they can raise consumer prices and bottle up resources in unproductive activities .
The standard rap against industrial policy is that governments can not pick winners .
We can have at most two at one time .
In this case , economic integration can be married with democracy through political union among states .
Nor , given linguistic and cultural barriers , can unemployed Greeks move just as easily across the border to a more prosperous European state .
If Greece chooses default , they can not enforce their banks ' claims on Greek borrowers or seize Greek assets .
Nor can they prevent Greece from leaving the eurozone .
The best that can be said is that Europe will no longer be able to delay making the choice that the Greek affair has laid bare . If you are an optimist , you might even conclude that Europe will therefore ultimately emerge stronger .
Having suffered a deeper economic collapse in 2009 than the United States did , Europe 's economy is poised for a much more sluggish recovery -- if one can call it that .
If you want to keep borrowing money , you need to convince your lender that you can repay .
Few can predict which way market sentiment will move , least of all market participants themselves .
If they succeed , they can pursue their own priorities and maintain market confidence at the same time .
But how , then , can one explain the fact that almost all wealthy countries -- except those that owe their riches to natural resources alone -- are democratic ?
They can not aspire to continued economic innovation or to global economic leadership .
Their example can sway leaders elsewhere to think that they can aspire to economic ascendancy while tightening the screws on domestic political opposition .
India 's democracy can be maddening in its resistance to economic change .
So he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies . This , along with his inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch , give his revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked .
For too many of these countries , economic growth in the last two decades relied on a combination of two factors : a natural rebound from previous financial crises -LRB- as in Latin America -RRB- or political conflicts and civil war -LRB- as in Africa -RRB- , and high commodity prices . Neither can be relied on for the productive transformation that developing countries need .
We can be certain of two things : only those countries that adopt growth strategies based on stimulating domestic structural change will do well , and the conundrum of global governance -- how to manage a world economy that has become unruly -- will almost certainly get worse .
Of course , if there was direct evidence that these tariff cuts were correlated with growth -LRB- there is n't -RRB- , you can be certain that the World Bank would have presented those results instead .
So , even in the throes of a financial crisis , banks and non-financial firms can continue to borrow if their balance sheets are sound , uncontaminated by the `` sovereign risk '' of their state government .
Worse still , economic union itself can fan the fires of nationalism and endanger political integration .
The idea that structural and labor-market reforms can deliver quick growth is nothing but a mirage .
Countries can rejoin , and do so credibly , when the fiscal , regulatory , and political prerequisites are in place .
Now add social media such as Twitter and Facebook to the equation , and the destabilizing forces that rapid economic change sets into motion can become overwhelming .
A political regime that can handle these pressures need not be democratic in the Western sense of the term .
Of course , mining can not absorb so many workers , so the rest of the Malawian labor force must seek jobs in considerably less productive parts of the economy .
Appropriate policies can help .
Would I have been tempted by arguments such as : `` We are trying to develop our economy , and you can really help us with your knowledge ? ''
In the end , an adviser to authoritarian leaders can not escape the dilemma .
But can developing countries really carry the world economy ?
Growth ultimately depends on supply-side factors -- investment in and acquisition of new technologies -- and the stock of technologies that can be adopted by poor countries does not disappear when advanced countries ' growth is sluggish .
If history is any guide , the range of countries that can pull this off will remain narrow .
Failure to grow can be attributed to either -LRB- or both -RRB- of two pathologies .
But the fact that some of the world 's most successful economies prospered while doing things that are not in the rule-book is something that can not be dismissed easily .
Learning what a country is -LRB- or can be -RRB- good at producing is a key challenge .
But the investor in the developing country who figures out that an existing good can be produced profitably at home and sets up a model for others to emulate does not normally get such protection , even though the social returns can be high .
Property rights can be implemented through common law , civil law , or , for that matter , Chinese-style socialism .
Competition can be maintained by a combination of free entry and laissez-faire , or by a well-functioning regulatory authority .
Macroeconomic stability can be achieved under a variety of fiscal institutions .
Because policymakers operate in second-best environments , optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - can not be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins .
Neither technology nor good institutions can be acquired without significant domestic adaptations .
Manufacturing , on the other hand , can absorb large numbers of workers with moderate skills , providing them with stable jobs and good benefits .
When manufacturing takes off , it can generate millions of jobs for unskilled workers , often women , who previously were employed in traditional agriculture or petty services .
This has led some to think that India -LRB- and perhaps others -RRB- can take a different , service-led path to growth .
But if this happens more rapidly than workers can acquire advanced skills , the result can be a dangerous imbalance between an economy 's productive structure and its workforce .
We can see the consequences all over the world , in the form of economic underperformance , widening inequality , and divisive politics .
As sensible as this two-pronged approach -- spend now , cut later -- may be , it is made virtually impossible by the absence of any mechanism whereby President Barack Obama can credibly commit himself or future administrations to fiscal tightening .
In return , the highly indebted countries must commit to multi-year programs to restructure fiscal institutions and enhance competitiveness -- reforms that can be implemented and bear fruit only over the medium term .
German politicians and their electorates can be excused for doubting whether future Greek , Irish , or Portuguese governments can be counted upon to deliver on current leaders ' commitments .
But certain fiscal decisions , and most critically the level of the fiscal deficit , can be delegated to an independent board .
Yet this can not mean that fiscal policy for , say , Greece or Italy would be run from Berlin .
Let the government simply enforce property rights and contracts , and -- presto ! -- markets can work their magic .
Of course , if you put too much water in the mix , you ruin the lemonade , just as too much government meddling can make markets dysfunctional .
Today , the question is no longer whether politics will become more populist and less internationalist ; it is whether the consequences of that shift can be managed without turning ugly .
The underlying theory is straightforward : if bosses can steal , distant owners will not buy shares .
In particular , ownership separation in the wealthy continental European nations and the US can be linked with the role of labor inside the firm and within society .
Faced with a no-fire rule , shareholders have reason to be very cautious : if expansion is not profitable , they can not reduce labor costs .
Of course , no nation completely bans lay-offs , but flexibility varies greatly and can be central to profitability .
In a nation like the US , where employees can be fired easily , shareholders have less to fear .
Stronger financial markets can move savings to where they can do the most to spur economic growth .
In a stable political environment , informal mechanisms -- such as reputations for reliability , trade associations , and stock exchanges -- can develop and facilitate financial dealings .
Investors and businesses do n't fear that a new regime can take power and call off all , or too many , bets , leading to losses on their investments .
And everyone knows that beneath the stability of the moment lurk explosive forces that can change the regime and devalue huge investments .
But , when over-used by systemically vital firms , they can blow up the financial system , owing to its design defects .
For example , investors holding derivatives and repo contracts with a weakened financial institution can grab the firm 's assets ahead of -- and at the expense of -- its regular creditors , possibly sealing its fate , when , with a little extra time , the firm might have survived .
For Fukushima-type risks , analysts are already discussing how nuclear plants can be designed and built to contain earthquake and tsunami risks via passive cooling .
It is possible , the thinking now runs , to design and build nuclear plants that can keep the fuel rods cool even if all power is lost .
Someone naïve in the ways of US corporations might say that these rules are paper-thin , because shareholders can just elect new directors if the incumbents are recalcitrant . As long as they can elect the directors , one might think , shareholders rule the firm .
Both Europe and America can learn a lesson hidden in American history , for , lost in the haze of patriotic veneration of America 's founders is the fact that they created a new country during -- and largely because of -- a crippling debt crisis .
CAMBRIDGE -- To reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur , regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run -- at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of Greece 's debt , America 's ceiling on governmental borrowing , and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt .
Worse , as we saw in the financial crisis , if many financial institutions have many such contracts , a rumor of insolvency can induce all of one institution 's derivative counterparties to demand collateral or payment simultaneously , triggering a run that resembles a classic bank run , which could then spread to other firms .
The clearinghouse also enhances transparency , because it can report its aggregate exposures to the regulator , who is better positioned to regulate a central clearinghouse than to regulate many opaque banks . This , too , this should strengthen the financial system .
Equally problematic is the fact that , while the clearinghouse and its participants can net wins and losses to reduce risk for those inside the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse does not assuredly eliminate the basic risk facing the entire financial system .
The real question now facing the planet is whether we can continue improving our technologies or finding cheaper substitutes .
But we can avoid a crisis by embracing the following technical and managerial adaptations :
This saves the recipient from using his own water , which can be saved for higher-value activities ;
Is the IMF , the member of the UN family charged to maintain global financial stability , really so evil or misguided that it can only propose policies that inflict economic pain instead of alleviating it ?
It is not always an easy process , and reasonable people can and do disagree about the design of IMF-supported programs both before and after the fact .
Those true believers argue that America 's consumers can long pursue their spendthrift ways because their country 's economy is better than everyone else 's .
But if there is one area where obvious opportunities exist , and where policy can really make a difference , it would have to be infrastructure investment .
Private oversight can often produce better and more efficient construction , and , in theory , toll roads help alleviate traffic congestion . -LRB- Ironically , Vickery died while sitting in a traffic jam . -RRB-
The name itself makes it a winner , and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave British spy Bond -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- and his fetching Russian KGB counterpart Tatiana -LRB- Daniela Bianchi -RRB- .
And bilateral or regional trade deals can chip away at some of the barriers in the current global system .
Even if Asia has succeeded by relentlessly exporting manufactures , today 's poorest countries , especially in Africa , can realistically export only agriculture and textiles .
Bilateral deals can help , but they can also lead to higher trade barriers for everyone else .
Wallis Simpson , the controversial US-born Duchess of Windsor , once famously quipped , `` You can never be too rich or too thin . ''
Fortunately for everyone , America 's motto nowadays is `` You can never be too rich or too large . ''
But can the same be said for Mexico , where reform has stalled , or for Russia , where reforms have been reversed ?
Thanks to America 's gold-plated financial system , its consumers can buy fancy cars with almost no down payment . They can borrow more and more each year against the value of their homes , and spend every cent .
They can retire earlier and earlier on their smaller and smaller savings .
Unfortunately , this can not go on forever .
So how low can the dollar sink ?
These traders confidently figure that as long as markets gyrate , no matter what the direction , they can always make money .
And hedge funds , unlike banks , can leverage their bets , borrowing to take on assets many times the size of their capital base .
Moreover , financial innovation and globalization allow markets to spread risk more effectively than ever before , placing it in the hands of those who can best manage it .
One can not commend the 1990 's Clinton-Gore administration for taking any brave steps aimed at radically reducing carbon emissions .
Their admittedly crude analysis shows why , if volatility continues to fall in 2007 , prices of stocks and other assets can still go a lot higher .
Stocks are risky , depressions can happen , and it is dangerous to extrapolate the past to the future .
China 's leaders still face enormous challenges in maintaining domestic stability , and continuing quiescence can not be taken for granted .
The net result is that money is being parked temporarily in low-yield investments in the US , although this can not be the long-run trend .
As long as the status quo persists , with strong global growth and stunning macroeconomic stability , the US can continue to borrow and run trade deficits without immediate consequence .
In principle , one can also think of scenarios in which the dollar shoots up , but overall these seem less likely .
Policymakers can not hide from that reality forever .
As the Bank switches from loans to grants , it can use some of its massive retained earnings to endow its `` knowledge bank '' function and related technical advice .
In addition to reducing mortality , new medical techniques can also have a huge effect on the quality of life .
In principle , greater use of market mechanisms to allocate health care can slow or even temporarily reverse the rise in healthcare costs .
Central bankers can not explain equity or housing prices and their movements any better than investors can .
In short , no central banker can be the Oracle of Delphi .
Even inflation can be very hard to measure precisely .
What can price stability possibly mean in an era when new goods and services are constantly being introduced , and at a faster rate than ever before ?
US statisticians have tried to `` fix '' the consumer price index to account for new products , but many experts believe that measured US inflation is still at least one percentage point too high , and the margin of error can be more volatile than conventional CPI inflation itself .
So , while monetary policy can in theory be automated , as computer programmers say , `` garbage in , garbage out . ''
In a sense , a central bank 's relationship with asset markets is like that of a man who claims he is going to the ballet to make himself happy , not to make his wife happy . But then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy , he can not be happy .
Yet , given clear inflationary pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia , Argentina , and Russia , and notable price spikes in China , the world just might have reached a moment when agreement can be reached .
When the Chinese premier , OPEC heads of state , and the world 's richest supermodel all express concern about the dollar , you can be sure we are in for a bumpy ride .
America Goes from Teacher to Student Cambridge &#45; &#45; As the United States ' epic financial crisis continues to unfold , one can only wish that US policymakers were half as good at listening to advice from developing countries as they are at giving it .
You ca n't treat your customers as badly as the United States has done lately if they can go elsewhere .
Moreover , international investors can buy and sell real estate far more easily in the US than in most of Europe .
Indeed , if the euro zone can persuade Great Britain to become a full-fledged member , thereby acquiring one of the world 's two premier financial centers -LRB- London -RRB- , the euro might really start to look like a viable alternative to the dollar .
How can the US Treasury , on the one hand , periodically flirt with labeling China a `` currency manipulator '' and , on the other hand , condone a similar strategy in oil-exporting countries ?
Of course , one can imagine other reasons for US supplication to the oil states .
Perhaps the administration worries that it can not simultaneously beg for lower dollar oil prices and help promote a weaker dollar .
One can hope that his confidence is justified .
However , even if we can agree on keeping the US open to sovereign wealth fund investments , that is no reason for promoting exchange-rate policies that exacerbate the very trade imbalances that are driving the whole sovereign wealth fund phenomenon in the first place .
Unfortunately , no one , certainly not in Asia or the United States , seems willing to bite the bullet and help engineer the necessary coordinated retreat to sustained sub-trend growth , which is necessary so that new commodity supplies and alternatives can catch up .
New York City , for example , has seen a reduction of perhaps 5 % in private vehicles entering the city over the past six months . Gridlock has abated , and you can almost get around the city by car these days .
For a variety of reasons , mostly related to government intervention , few emerging market economies can be categorized as having flexible resource demand , so commodity price spikes are not having a particularly big effect on demand .
If you can not be Silicon Valley , then why not create a mini-Wall Street ?
Now Iceland 's banks , having borrowed several times the national GDP , are in desperate trouble , with debts far beyond what the small country 's taxpayers can absorb .
Weak banks must be allowed to fail or merge -LRB- with ordinary depositors being paid off by government insurance funds -RRB- , so that strong banks can emerge with renewed vigor .
But history suggests that fixing a central bank 's balance sheet is never pleasant . Faced with credit losses , a central bank can either dig its way out through inflation or await recapitalization by taxpayers .
In principle , the financial industry can become smaller by having each institution contract proportionately , say , by 15 % . But this is not the typical pattern in any industry .
The plan 's central conceit is that government ingenuity can disentangle the trillion-dollar `` sub-prime '' mortgage loan market , even though Wall Street 's own rocket scientists have utterly failed to do so .
Emerging-market companies alone have hundreds of billions coming due in the next twelve months , far more than their governments ' reserves can cover if credit markets do not normalize .
For the moment , global investors can not get enough of US treasury bills , as collapsing interest rates for short-term US securities demonstrates .
Admittedly , some of the major currency 's movements during the past year can be regarded as normalizing .
On a purchasing power basis -LRB- a crude measure of what different currencies can buy in terms of real goods -RRB- , the euro was absurdly overvalued at $ 1.60 , just as the yen was absurdly undervalued at over ¥ 120 to the dollar .
Indeed , it seems like avoiding sustained deflation , or falling prices , is all they can manage .
With good communication policy , inflation expectations can be contained , and inflation can be brought down as quickly as necessary .
One can only hope that the state can get out of the economy half as fast as it is getting in .
The immediate problem is a credit crunch not so much in China as in the United States and Europe , where many small and medium-size importers can not get the trade credits they need to buy inventory from abroad .
But few emerging markets have reached a stage at which they can withstand a sustained collapse in the developed economies , much less serve as substitute engines of global growth .
Geithner also aims to make financial deals simpler and easier to evaluate , so that boards , regulators , and investors can better assess the risks they face .
If our leaders can not find a new approach , there is every chance that financial globalization will shift quickly into reverse , making it all the more difficult to escape the current morass .
But how strong an expansion can one reasonably expect when the worst is finally over ?
I have trouble seeing how the US and China , the main engines of global growth for two decades , can avoid settling on a notably lower average growth rate than they enjoyed before the crisis .
If authorities set the clock back several decades on banking regulation , can we be so sure they will not also set the clock back on income ?
Higher taxes and greater regulation can not be good for growth .
But governments all over the world are always convinced that their expansions can be substantially financed by efficiency gains , and that dream usually proves chimerical .
Chinese consumers , on the other hand , might actually start spending more of their income if they can worry a bit less about saving for health care , their children 's education , and their old-age retirement .
Such extraordinary fiscal largesse , all at taxpayers ' expense , can not continue indefinitely .
So policymakers ' responses can not be evaluated by short-term measures , either .
If Europe continues to make its labor markets more flexible , its financial market regulation more genuinely pan-European , and remains open to trade , trend growth can pick up again in the wake of the crisis .
If European countries look inward , however , with Germany pushing its consumers to buy German cars , the French government forcing car companies to keep unproductive factories open , etc. , one can expect a decade of stagnation .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
China 's Dollar Problem CAMBRIDGE -- When will China finally realize that it can not accumulate dollars forever ?
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
So far , China has looked to external markets so that exporters can achieve the economies of scale needed to improve quality and move up the value chain .
But there is no reason in principle that Chinese planners can not follow the same model in reorienting the economy to a more domestic-demand-led growth strategy .
Yes , China needs to strengthen its social safety net and to deepen domestic capital markets before consumption can take off .
Yes , if you are a bank , particularly a big one , you can raise money easily enough , thanks to sweeping explicit and implicit government guarantees .
Yet , Dubai has also shown the rest of the Middle East what entrepreneurial spirit can accomplish .
There is no way around the need for Dubai to restructure and prune its excesses before it can resume a more sustainable growth trajectory , though achieving this will take time .
It gets worse . Many commercially available computer programs can be set to mimic the styles of top grandmasters to an extent that is almost uncanny .
Indeed , chess programs now come very close to passing the late British mathematician Alan Turing 's ultimate test of artificial intelligence : can a human conversing with the machine tell it is not human ?
Only a machine can consistently tell what another computer would do in a given position .
Chess lends itself very well to Internet play , and fans can follow top-level tournaments in real time , often with commentary .
Of course , this is a microcosm of the larger changes that we can expect .
ATHENS - -- Even as the European Union and the International Monetary Fund lay the groundwork for a giant first-round bailout , debate is swirling about whether Greece can avoid sovereign default .
Loss of credibility , if it comes , can bite hard and fast .
Indeed , the historical evidence slams you over the head with the fact that , whereas government debt can drift upward inexorably for years , the end usually comes quite suddenly .
And it can happen to any country , although advanced countries can usually tighten fiscal policy with sufficient speed and credibility that the pain comes mainly in slower growth .
If it can , then perhaps watching other countries suffer will help convince the local political elite to consent to adjustment .
But you can not outrun a lion , says the other man , to which the first replies : `` I do n't have to outrun the lion .
Most Greeks are taking whatever action they can to avoid the government 's likely insatiable thirst for higher tax revenues , with wealthy individuals shifting money abroad and ordinary people migrating to the underground economy .
Nevertheless , Greece can avoid an Argentine-style meltdown , but it needs to engage in far more determined adjustment .
Now , the eurozone countries have agreed that the Fund can come into Greece and , presumably , Portugal , Spain , Italy , and Ireland , if needed .
Although countries occasionally can grow their way out of debt problems , as China did with its 1990 's banking crisis , bankrupt countries usually face painful budget arithmetic .
The problem with being `` Mr. Nice Guy '' for too long is that , even with its vast new resources , the IMF can not let clients hang on forever .
By contrast , some finance specialists favor forcing banks to rely much more on `` contingent '' debt that can be forcibly converted to -LRB- possibly worthless -RRB- stock in the event of a system-wide meltdown .
One can only hope that the spill will be contained soon , and that the ever-darkening worst-case scenarios will not materialize .
Will Brazil really risk its spectacular coastline for oil , now that everyone has been reminded of what can happen ?
The advanced countries , which can best afford to restrain long-term growth , must lead by example .
We can ill afford to keep getting it wrong .
You can tell Americans and Europeans that they should rejoice over the boundless cheap goods and cheap credit that trade with Asia has supplied . But all their politicians seem to worry about is how some farmer or textile worker may lose their job .
You can tell Latin Americans or Africans that Asia 's unquenchable thirst for natural resources will keep pushing up the prices of their commodity and agricultural exports in perpetuity , turning wheat fields into gold mines . But all their politicians seem to want to worry about is protecting doomed domestic manufacturers against low-wage Asian competition .
German workers who make high-end machine tools are proud of their craft , and they do n't want to be told that the same work can be done for much less in Poland and Slovakia .
Why should there be any reason for hope , especially given that US environmental policy has been predicated on the unrealistic belief that relatively small subsidies to new energy technologies can substitute for tax-induced price incentives for producers and consumers ?
In principle , one can create a `` cap-and-trade '' system of quantitative restrictions that accomplishes much the same thing -- and this seems to be more palatable to politicians , who will jump through hoops to avoid using the word `` tax . ''
A carbon tax can help preserve the atmosphere while also discouraging some of the most exotic and risky energy-exploration activities by making them unprofitable .
The point is that , when people can visualize a problem , they are far less able to discount or ignore it .
Modern-day record unemployment and extreme inequality may seem far less tolerable as young people realize that some of the most cherished `` free '' things in life -- palatable weather , clean air , and nice beaches , for example -- can not be taken for granted .
Unfortunately , far too much discussion has centered on what governments can do to stimulate demand through budget deficits and monetary policy .
But if the US does experience slow growth over the next decade , can it all be blamed on the financial crisis ?
In Europe , too , if there are adverse growth effects over the next decade , they can not all be blamed on the financial crisis .
What more , if anything , can be done ?
Nor can the government always be the employer of last resort .
While America is facing the limits of fiscal policy , monetary policy can do more , as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke detailed in a recent speech in Jackson Hole , Wyoming .
The government can certainly help , but beware of pied pipers touting quick fixes .
So it can happen anywhere .
Still , even if other world leaders conclude that they can not support numerical targets , they must recognize the pain that the US is suffering in the name of free trade .
With an average growth rate of less than 1 % over the past decade , and arguably the most sclerotic labor market in Europe , it is hard to see how Portugal can grow out of its massive debt burden .
Allowing European debt problems to fester and grow by sweeping them under the carpet through dubious theatrics can only make those problems worse .
For starters , we can certainly expect a continuation of the so-called currency wars , in which countries strive to keep their exchange rates from appreciating too rapidly and choking off exports .
It can not help that the government is simultaneously being forced to absorb new austerity measures to deal with the country 's precarious debt burden .
Social mobility is further impeded as the rich shower their children with private education and after-school help , while the poorest in many countries can not afford even to let their children stay in school .
Instability can express itself anywhere .
For now , low world interest rates are restraining debt-service costs , but debt levels can be reduced only very gradually over long periods , whereas real -LRB- inflation-adjusted -RRB- interest rates can rise far more quickly , even for rich countries .
But it can not wait too long , lest inflation expectations drift to a dangerously high level , forcing the Fed to move aggressively -- and at the cost of considerable economic pain -- to wring inflation out of the system .
The Fed must always remember that no matter how calm and rational its analysis may be , it is dealing with markets that can be anything but calm and rational .
Moreover , too many policymakers have relied on the belief that , at the end of the day , this is just a deep recession that can be subdued by a generous helping of conventional policy tools , whether fiscal policy or massive bailouts .
An analogous approach can be done for countries . For example , rich countries ' voters in Europe could perhaps be persuaded to engage in a much larger bailout for Greece -LRB- one that is actually big enough to work -RRB- , in exchange for higher payments in ten to fifteen years if Greek growth outperforms .
Rather than slavishly believing policymakers ' assurances , emerging-market researchers have learned to be cynical about official promises . All too often , everything that can be done wrong will be done wrong .
One can almost buy this idea , except that the tax is so counterproductive in the long run that it is hardly obvious that it would be better than nothing .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
Absent a clear path to a much tighter fiscal and political union , which can lead only through constitutional change , the current halfway house of the euro system appears increasingly untenable .
But , because the overall value of the euro has to be a balance of the eurozone 's north and south , one can argue that 1.4 is within a reasonable range .
European efforts to induce Teheran to renounce its nuclear designs by addressing Iran 's legitimate security concerns and offering important opportunities for economic and social betterment can not be successful without active US support .
Of course , Plato 's disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of his prose , yet he has a legitimate point : how , after all , can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator ?
In such an environment , can public ethics be revived ?
Europe can take the lead in writing ethics back into politics .
Even those Filipinos who can afford to litigate have to wait ; a claimant in the Dona Paz tragedy , for example , waited 19 years before recovering $ 250,000 in damages .
As a general rule , though , Filipino ferry and ship passengers are poor and can not afford the services of lawyers or the high filing fees demanded by the courts .
It would indicate that there can be no true peace in Guatemala as long as the powerful are accommodated with grants of amnesty and forgetting is prized over truth and justice .
Whether Ríos Montt can win is a topic of intense debate .
Brazilian officials know that they can achieve this goal only by acting independently -- but without diverging too far from the positions of the current permanent members .
But the three countries that prospective members can be compared to may be outside the eurozone .
But the small countries now wishing to join the eurozone , which together make up 6 % of the zone 's economy , can not impose significant damage on existing members were they to get convergence wrong , let alone anything like the damage caused by Germany joining with an overvalued currency .
The `` reset '' of relations with Russia can succeed only if it is reciprocal .
American security analyst Charles Kupchan raised a pertinent question when he asked whether Russia should eventually join the Atlantic alliance , pointing out that the settlements concluded after the Napoleonic wars and World War II show that alliances between former adversaries can be critical to the consolidation of great-power peace .
The revived importance of multilateral security institutions is creating a new climate and new prospects for a security system that can meet the needs of the twenty-first century .
Most of these economies can avoid the worst if they implement the appropriate policy adjustments and if the international financial institutions -LRB- including the IMF -RRB- provide enough lending to cover their external financing needs .
Even in the guarantee model there can be such implicit government over-payment -LRB- or an over-guarantee that is not properly priced by the fees that the government receives -RRB- .
It can also resolve the problem of managing banks ' bad assets by reselling most of assets and deposits -- with a government guarantee -- to new private shareholders after a clean-up of the bad assets -LRB- as in the resolution of the Indy Mac bank failure -RRB- .
With nationalization , the government can break up these financial monstrosities and sell them to private investors as smaller good banks .
In the last two months alone , one can count more than 150 different policy interventions around the world .
One can not rule out a couple of quarters of sharp GDP growth as the inventory cycle and the massive policy boost lead to a short-term revival .
As a result , one can not rule out that by late 2010 or 2011 , a perfect storm of oil above $ 100 a barrel , rising government-bond yields , and tax increases -LRB- as governments seek to avoid debt-refinancing risks -RRB- may lead to a renewed growth slowdown , if not an outright double-dip recession .
Many of the lost jobs -- in construction , finance , and outsourced manufacturing and services -- are gone forever , and recent studies suggest that a quarter of US jobs can be fully outsourced over time to other countries .
Larger firms -- even those with large debt problems -- can refinance their excessive liabilities in court or out of court ; but an unprecedented number of small businesses are going bankrupt .
Fourth , the global supply of gold -- both existing and newly produced -- is limited , and demand is rising faster than it can be met .
If you truly fear a global economic meltdown , you should stock up on guns , canned food , and other commodities that you can actually use in your log cabin .
So early fiscal consolidation can be expansionary on balance .
The US also faces political constraints to fiscal consolidation : Americans are deluding themselves that they can enjoy European-style social spending while maintaining low tax rates , as under President Ronald Reagan .
Deficits in excess of 10 % of GDP can be found in many advanced economies , and debt-to-GDP ratios are expected to rise sharply -- in some cases doubling in the next few years .
In countries that can not issue debt in their own currency -LRB- traditionally emerging-market economies -RRB- , or that issue debt in their own currency but can not independently print money -LRB- as in the euro zone -RRB- , unsustainable fiscal deficits often lead to a credit crisis , a sovereign default , or other coercive form of public-debt restructuring .
In countries that borrow in their own currency and can monetize the public debt , a sovereign debt crisis is unlikely , but monetization of fiscal deficits can eventually lead to high inflation .
A vicious circle of public-finance deficits , current-account gaps , worsening external-debt dynamics , and stagnating growth can then set in .
Eventually , this can lead to default on euro-zone members ' public and foreign debt , as well as exit from the monetary union by fragile economies unable to adjust and reform fast enough .
But if a country is effectively insolvent rather than just illiquid , such `` bailouts '' can not prevent eventual default and devaluation -LRB- or exit from a monetary union -RRB- because the international lender of last resort eventually will stop financing an unsustainable debt dynamic , as occurred Argentina -LRB- and in Russia in 1998 -RRB- .
Restoring sustained growth requires real currency depreciation . There are only three ways that this can occur .
But deflation is associated with persistent recession -LRB- see Argentina again -RRB- , and no country 's society and political system can accept years of recession and fiscal austerity to achieve real depreciation . Default and an exit from the euro would occur well before that .
But official support will only kick the can down the road until next year .
If fiscal imbalances are not addressed through spending cuts and revenue increases , only two options remain : inflation for countries that borrow in their own currency and can monetize their deficits ; or default for countries that borrow in a foreign currency or ca n't print their own .
Countries that can still afford fiscal stimulus and need to reduce their savings and increase spending should contribute to the global current-account adjustment -- via currency adjustments and expenditure increases -- in order to prevent a global shortage of aggregate demand .
And one can not exclude the possibility of an Israeli military strike on Iran in the next 12 months .
· CEOs and boards of directors of financial firms -- let alone regulators and supervisors -- can not effectively monitor the risks and behaviors of thousands of separate profit and loss centers in a firm , as each trader and banker is a separate P&L with its own capital at risk ;
There are also massive agency problems in the financial system , because principals -LRB- such as shareholders -RRB- can not properly monitor the actions of agents -LRB- CEOs , managers , traders , bankers -RRB- that pursue their own interest .
Fourth , greed can not be controlled by any appeal to morality and values . Greed has to be controlled by fear of loss , which derives from knowledge that the reckless institutions and agents will not be bailed out .
It is why Spain and Ireland are in serious trouble , and why even Italy -- which is on relatively sounder fiscal footing , but has had flat per capita income for a decade and little structural reform -- can not be complacent .
These measures will fail to reduce interbank spreads significantly , because monetary policy can not address the core problems underlying the crisis .
At the same time , monetary injections can not resolve the generalized uncertainty of a financial system in which globalization and securitization have led to a lack of transparency that has undermined trust and confidence .
Monetary policy alone can not resolve the consequences of inaction by regulators and supervisors amid the credit excesses of the last few years .
Within the eurozone , this problem is exacerbated by the fact that Germany , with its large surpluses , can live with a stronger euro , whereas the PIIGS -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- can not .
The trouble , of course , is that not all currencies can be weak at the same time : if one is weaker , another must , by definition , be stronger .
Likewise , not all economies can improve net exports at the same time : the global total is , by definition , equal to zero .
If China , emerging markets , and other surplus countries prevent nominal currency appreciation via intervention -- and prevent real appreciation via sterilization of such intervention -- the only way deficit countries can achieve real depreciation is via deflation .
But , in many cases , inflows are driven by short-term factors , fads , and irrational exuberance , which can lead to an overvalued currency , the crowding out of non-traditional export sectors or import-competing sectors , a loss of competitiveness , and eventually a large current-account deficit and thus tighter external constraints on growth .
This is effective in stemming upward exchange-rate pressure , but it feeds the beast : it exacerbates overheating in already fast-growing emerging markets , causing inflation and leading to excessive credit growth , which can fuel dangerous asset bubbles .
But when a currency 's appreciation is triggered by capital inflows that represent the asset-diversification preferences of advanced-economy investors , it can and should be resisted .
Thus , the current strategy of kicking the can down the road will soon reach its limits , and a different plan will be needed to save the eurozone .
Similarly , super-sovereigns can not continue to bail out distressed sovereigns that are insolvent rather than illiquid .
Such exchange offers can limit private creditors ' losses if they are done early .
That way , formal haircuts on the face value of debt can be avoided via new bonds that include only a maturity extension and an interest-rate cap that is set below today 's unsustainable market rates .
In the next few months , it will become clear whether European policymakers can compromise and implement reforms that dampen the threat of a eurozone breakup .
In the US , slower private-sector deleveraging -- given the fiscal stimulus from the extension of unemployment benefits for 13 months , the payroll-tax cut , and maintenance of current income-tax rates for another two years -- could lull policymakers into assuming that relatively large fiscal and current-account imbalances can continue indefinitely .
The damage from the financial crisis is still ongoing , but stronger growth can heal many wounds , especially debt-driven wounds .
The problem , of course , is that no country can be productive enough to reinvest 50 % of GDP in new capital stock without eventually facing immense overcapacity and a staggering non-performing loan problem .
The official approach , Plan A , has been to pretend that these economies suffer a liquidity crunch , not a solvency problem , and that the provision of bailout loans -- together with fiscal austerity and structural reforms -- can restore debt sustainability and market access .
The only institution that can crank up the printing press -- the European Central Bank -- will never resort to monetization of fiscal deficits .
Nor can we expect rapid GDP growth to save these countries .
The private sector can spend less and save more , but this would entail an immediate cost known as Keynes ' paradox of thrift : declining economic output and rising debt as a share of GDP .
One can carry out an orderly rescheduling of the PIIGS ' public debts without actually reducing the principal amount owed . This means extending the maturity dates of debts and reducing the interest rate on the new debt to levels much lower than currently unsustainable market rates .
Europe can not afford to continue throwing money at the problem and praying that growth and time will bring salvation .
We can also add to these financial risks the massive problems of bond insurers that guaranteed many of the risky securitization products such as CDOs .
In that case , there will also be a serious risk that some firms that sold protection will go bankrupt , triggering further losses for buyers of protection when their counterparties can not pay .
But how can debt relief be achieved for the sovereign without imposing massive losses on Greek banks and foreign banks holding Greek bonds ?
The ECB and creditor banks can live for two or three weeks with a temporary downgrade of Greece 's debt .
The eurozone 's current muddle-through approach is an unstable disequilibrium : kicking the can down the road , and throwing good money after bad , will not work .
Only a comprehensive strategy can rescue the eurozone now .
Currency depreciation is not a feasible option for all advanced economies : they all need a weaker currency and better trade balance to restore growth , but they all can not have it at the same time .
So , although the process of deleveraging has barely started , debt reductions will become necessary if countries can not grow or save or inflate themselves out of their debt problems .
So , what can be done to minimize the fallout of another economic contraction and prevent a deeper depression and financial meltdown ?
Second , while monetary policy has limited impact when the problems are excessive debt and insolvency rather than illiquidity , credit easing , rather than just quantitative easing , can be helpful .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
And , without a rapid return to growth , more defaults -- and social turmoil -- can not be avoided .
Because these options can not work , the sole alternative is an exit from the eurozone by Greece and some other current members .
Only a return to a national currency -- and a sharp depreciation of that currency -- can restore competitiveness and growth .
Only such a program can provide workers in advanced economies with the tools needed to compete globally .
The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank can serve as lender of last resort to emerging markets at risk of losing market access , conditional on appropriate policy reforms .
Of course , the malaise that so many people feel can not be reduced to one factor .
As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over-capacity , under-consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset-price booms and busts .
And , given the rising risk of a global systemic financial meltdown , the prospect of a decade-long L-shaped recession -- like the one experienced by Japan after the collapse of its real estate and equity bubble -- can not be ruled out .
So we can not rule out a systemic failure and global depression .
Deflation is dangerous as it leads to a liquidity trap : nominal policy rates can not fall below zero , so monetary policy becomes ineffective .
Only aggressive , coordinated , and effective policy actions by advanced and emerging-market countries can ensure that the global economy recovers in 2010 , rather than entering a more protracted period of economic stagnation .
Fascism can be defeated only if those outraged by it commit themselves to social justice with an intensity that equals their indignation .
It is to be hoped that similar external cooperation can ensure that the mid-August poll is conducted fairly , so that the results reflect the will of Venezuelan voters .
For its part , the opposition still lacks clear leadership and a single leader who can offer a clear alternative to Chávez and mobilize voters .
Nor can the risk of violent clashes between pro- and anti-Chávez forces be ruled out .
Whichever way the vote goes , Venezuela will have shown the region that democracy can work , which is a milestone in a Latin America too often shaken in the recent past by military coups , foreign intervention , and civil wars .
Viewed from the standpoint of food security and the wealth of rural areas , there is now an urgent need to revisit the CAP 's main instruments so that a new policy formula can be introduced .
But renewal of this sort can not be left to global market forces , as the results might not necessarily benefit European agriculture and society .
4 . Metropolitan agriculture in a rapidly urbanizing world can provide high-quality produce on small amounts of land .
Perhaps of greatest concern , moreover , is that the public , especially in poor countries that can not undertake offsetting measures , will come to distrust global integration , with multinationals viewed as Trojan horses .
There is little dialogue about how industrial country issuances can be staggered to minimize the impact on global markets , and what alternatives can be developed for countries that are shut out .
This means that the coalition can not do whatever it wishes with Saddam 's henchmen and war criminals .
It can not simply ship them to Guantanamo Bay or Diego Garcia .
Only the UN can meet the demand for transitional justice .
As in many parts of the world , it may be several generations before the region 's crimes can be worked through .
What can such a verdict mean so many years after the restoration of democracy in Argentina ?
Making the police and the security services accountable can be a particularly tall order in the early years of a new and often fragile democratic regime .
They should never be confident that they can live scot-free .
But all debt that was contracted by a previous oppressive regime can not , for that reason alone , be classified as `` odious . '' The question is this : how much of the money went to meritorious development projects , and how much went instead to prop up the regime and line its leaders ' pockets ?
This responsibility can not be absolute or unlimited , however , and should be confined to situations where lenders were aware -LRB- or should have been aware -RRB- that the funds might be used for corrupt or oppressive ends .
Obama can count on at least some bipartisan support at home for the initiative against Kony : a bill requiring US action against the LRA was signed into law in May 2010 , with support from Democrats and Republicans in both houses of Congress .
Whereas the airstrikes in Libya were mandated to protect civilians from imminent attack , in Kony 's case the sole stated operational objective is his removal from the battlefield , so that he can be brought to justice at the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
Such a conception of national interest can rely only on full acceptance of the UN 's `` responsibility to protect '' doctrine , approved unanimously by the General Assembly in 2005 .
There are few countries that can play such a critical role .
Turkey can not remain indifferent to this geography , for it stands at the center of it .
Since there is no precedent for a party referendum , he can argue that the vote does not bind him .
So while some members may walk out , Sharon can easily hold on to control of the party .
If it appears that the withdrawal will proceed and Sharon can assemble a government to implement it , the Palestinian side will then face a major challenge .
By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment .
In this case , the mistake is to think that Israel can destroy Hezbollah or eliminate it as a political and military entity .
But what is to a large extent a defeat in practical and military terms also can be considered a political victory .
More than this can not -- and should not -- be expected .
The world can not save Fatah ; only Fatah can save itself .
Still , the AKP can be satisfied that after five years in office its popular support has climbed , while the opposition has been shown to be incapable of challenging it seriously .
Moreover , it might be that the party will push as far as it can until it is stopped by fear of a military coup or a rejection of its program by the voters .
That leads to the second question : how far can the AKP go in changing Turkish society ?
Given that the government can change laws , name judges , and staff the state administration , Turkey 's slide to another political model could reach a point of no return .
Whether his successors can revive and complete the Palestinians ' historic mission depends on how they define their goal .
The moderate strategy seeks an independent Palestine state as quickly as possible , on the assumption that once there is no more Israeli presence or violence , the Palestinians can concentrate on constructive pursuits , including resettling refugees and improving living standards .
Then , with Palestinians gaining the upper hand , they can advance to a second stage in which all of Israel is conquered , implying armed struggle - which often takes the form of anti-civilian terrorism - for many more years .
The victorious coalition follows Ayatollah Ali Sistani , who can be described as a moderate Islamist , but many of its members are extreme .
No one believes that Palestinian leader Abu Mazin can or will do anything to stop such attacks .
The good news is that Israel can defend itself with relatively low casualties , its economy is improving , and tourism is recovering .
They have merely concluded that politics will not bring miracles , and that the most they can expect is to keep external threats to a minimum .
As long as the system is corrupted from above , and as long as the only way common people can deal with the government is through bribery , says the report , inefficiency will reign and people will cheat each other . The only way to break this vicious circle is to replace the regime .
They can also , it adds , obtain unsecured bank loans for themselves and their friends .
Anyone who stands in their way , according to the report , can be thrown into prison on false charges of drug dealing .
In short , the report says , officials can do what they like , unbound by law or transparency .
A time-out needs to be called so that the players , including President-elect Barack Obama , can negotiate a new bargain for the region .
Building up Afghanistan 's security forces is at most a stopgap measure , as the country can not sustain forces of the size that it now needs .
Only a regional and global agreement to place Afghanistan 's stability above other objectives can make long-term stability possible by enabling Afghanistan to survive with security forces that it can afford . Such agreement , however , will require political and diplomatic initiatives both inside and outside of the country .
But a political settlement within Afghanistan can not succeed without a regional grand bargain .
The Pakistani security establishment believes that it faces a US-Indian-Afghan alliance aimed at undermining Pakistani influence in Afghanistan and even dismembering the Pakistani state . Civilian leaders evaluate Pakistan 's national interests differently , but they , too , can not be indifferent to Pakistan 's chronic sense of insecurity .
Outstanding students of Rudi can be found all over the globe , many as policymakers .
That lesson has had to be relearned throughout the ages : the lesson that weakness is provocative , that a refusal to confront gathering dangers can increase , not reduce , future peril , and that victory ultimately comes only to those who are purposeful and steadfast .
But the enemy can not win militarily .
They know that if they can win the battle of perception , we will lose our will and leave .
We can do it knowing that the great sweep of human history is for freedom - and that it is on our side .
As a former ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization -LRB- NATO -RRB- , I can say from experience that such dire predictions are nothing new .
The arrests of numerous terrorist suspects last month by French and German authorities made clear that no one nation can do the critical work necessary to win the struggle against extremists .
Nor can any one nation stop the proliferation of dangerous weapons .
Working together , those hopes can become realities for many more people .
They know that communications transcend borders , and that a single news story , handled skillfully , can be as damaging to our cause -- and as helpful to theirs -- as any military attack .
We need to consider the possibility of new organizations and programs that can serve a similarly valuable role in the War on Terror .
But Europe 's new eastern members can also act as a beacon for the Union , as Jacques Rupnik suggests .
But this can be accomplished only if the model is reformed in the West .
Darwin argued that more organisms are born than can survive and reproduce ; that this leads to a struggle for existence ; and that success in this struggle partly reflects the physical and behavioral differences between the winners and the losers .
You may not have to be a Christian in the light of Darwinism , but this does not mean that you can not be one .
But this `` historical '' Conservatism can not survive in the age of globalization , because national-conservative thinking is anachronistic .
Obviously , no modern Conservative philosophy can thrive by identifying itself with nationalism and protectionist policies .
Unfortunately , even the promise of additional funding can not overcome governmental intransigence .
Ministries of health can not go it alone .
But , again , Africa can not afford them .
Only politics , not arms , can calm the scene .
The US could bomb Vietnam 's cities to rubble , as it can Iraq 's cities , but this solves nothing , claims vast numbers of innocent lives , and confirms the view of Americans as occupiers .
The American military can protect the US from conventional military attack , and it can keep the high seas open , ensuring the flow of oil and other vital commodities .
After that , it can and should use its political and economic weight to help manage a complex and difficult situation that is significantly , though not exclusively , of its own making .
Millions die each year , either of outright starvation or from infectious diseases that their weakened bodies can not withstand .
This can be done by changing the world 's energy system to limit emissions of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere -- the main driver of manmade climate change .
The public is largely unaware of the scientific knowledge we have concerning the threats and risks that we face , and that we can reduce these risks by thinking ahead .
We can build a safer future , but only if we are prepared to use our scientific knowledge and expertise for the common good .
All societies require an effective government that can provide vital and irreplaceable public services and infrastructure .
Elections are obviously one method , though campaign financing can be a source of corruption .
Clear electoral rules and procedures can help ensure transparency , but accountability also comes from the broad society in between elections .
The result is a trap in which poverty causes bad governance and bad governance causes poverty -- a two-way spiral downward that can lead to such extreme deprivation that the government , lacking computers , telephones , information systems , and trained civil servants , could n't function honestly even if it wanted to .
The end result can be collapse into a kind of anarchy , as in Liberia , Sierra Leone , and Somalia .
Corruption therefore can not be the unique factor that holds Africa back .
In general , natural resources like oil , gas , diamonds , and other precious minerals breed corruption , because governments can live off of their export earnings without having to `` compromise '' with their own societies .
Of course , aid should be directed to specific needs -- for example , malaria control , food production , safe drinking water , and sanitation -- whose fulfillment can be measured and monitored to resist corruption .
Later , if it behaves badly by sponsoring terror , policies can change .
But realism in international economic affairs requires accepting that official development assistance can help achieve the broad political objectives of stability and democracy only in the long run .
As such , it must be reliable , predictable , and directed towards development needs in ways that can be monitored , measured , and evaluated .
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
This can now change , at least gradually .
But the debate can be moved forward by examining the successful economies of Denmark , Finland , Iceland , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden .
These same lessons can be applied to the Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDG 's -RRB- , the targets for fighting poverty , disease , and hunger that the world 's governments adopted in 2000 .
Just as with polio , the fight against hunger , disease , and lack of access to safe water and sanitation can be carried forward with practical and powerful technologies . Indeed , these technologies are so powerful that they can enable families currently trapped in poverty to escape it once and for all .
If organizations like Rotary International can help African farmers to get a 50 kilogram bag of appropriate fertilizer and a 10 kilogram tin of improved seeds , the rise in farm output could be enough to relieve extreme hunger and help farm households begin to earn some income .
Such practical approaches can solve many of the key problems of extreme poverty .
Consider , similarly , the death and illness caused by malaria , which can be reduced very sharply through the use of mosquito nets for beds and anti-malaria medicines .
An anti-malaria bed net costs just $ 5 , lasts five years , and can accommodate two children .
Thus , for just $ 0.50 per year , each child can be protected by a bed net . And a $ 1 medical treatment can cure malaria if the child gets infected despite the bed net .
In a short period of time , the world 's citizens can make deep inroads in the fight against disease , hunger , and poverty .
Such a deal can be struck now , but only by avoiding the useless debate over who blocked peace in the past .
There can be little doubt that the current war in Iraq is fundamentally about oil .
Yet all of these problems can be solved , especially if we make the needed investments in research and development .
Gasification of coal allows for the removal of dangerous pollutants , and coal can already be converted to gasoline at low cost ; a South African company is beginning to bring that technology to China on a large scale .
It is ironic that an administration fixated on the risks of Middle East oil has chosen to spend hundreds of billions -- potentially trillions -- of dollars to pursue unsuccessful military approaches to problems that can and should be solved at vastly lower cost , through R&D , regulation , and market incentives .
In fact , from 1992 to 2002 , the UN 's member governments signed a number of treaties and agreements that can and should provide the foundation for long-term global solutions .
Behind the scenes , the Asian powers can help to defuse the crises in Darfur , North Korea , Myanmar , and elsewhere .
Stability will come only when economic opportunities exist , when a bulging generation of young men can find jobs and support families , rather than seeking their fortune in violence .
Peace can be achieved only with a withdrawal of foreign troops , and the arrival of jobs , productive farms and factories , tourism , health care , and schools .
In the fourth phase , which can last a generation or more , assistance is directed to long-term investments and the strengthening of institutions such as courts .
When such aid is made available quickly , former soldiers will return to their farms , and can establish a livelihood by the beginning of the first growing season following the end of hostilities .
Small rural clinics can be built or rebuilt very quickly , within the first year of peace .
Solar panels and wind turbines can provide off-grid power in isolated rural areas . Wells and cisterns can be put in place to ensure safe drinking water .
These and similar efforts can mean the difference between famine and food security , epidemic disease and health , income and utter poverty , and , most importantly , hope and despair .
Sanctions , threats , and peacekeepers are only short-term measures , whereas real progress there against extreme poverty is not only achievable , but also is something that the government and rebels can agree on .
Only by taking quick , meaningful action to fight hunger , poverty , and disease can there be a chance of creating conditions for long-term peace .
But the world 's scientists and engineers , as well as global technology leaders such as General Electric , are also sending a clear message : we can solve the problem at modest cost if we put our best thinking and action into real solutions .
By shifting to alternative energy sources , economizing on energy use , and capturing and safely storing the carbon dioxide produced by fossil fuels , global society can limit its emissions of carbon dioxide to prudent levels at an estimated cost of under 1 % of global income .
Those incentives will come at modest cost and huge benefit , and they can be designed to protect the poor and shift the climate-change burden to those who can afford it .
Our intense desire to take all that we can from nature leaves precious little for other forms of life .
After cutting down a swath of rainforest , soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they can not sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock .
There can be little doubt that climate change poses one of the greatest risks to species ' viability .
Some can migrate , but others -LRB- such as polar bears -RRB- are likely to be driven to extinction unless we take decisive action to head off climate change .
That way , cynics within the G-8 governments can understand their assignments .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
All of that investment requires plans and years of implementation . Aid can not be a guessing game .
It must be committed in clear terms over a period of several years , so that recipients can use it in a sensible and accountable manner .
Two other critical investments are also needed : roads and electricity , without which there can not be a modern economy .
The Bank can regain its relevance only if it becomes practical once again , by returning its focus to financing public investments in priority sectors , just as the Chinese leadership is prepared to do .
If that happens , the Bank can still do justice to the bold vision of a world of shared prosperity that prompted its creation after World War II .
The roots of failure lie in the US and Israeli governments ' belief that military force and financial repression can lead to peace on their terms , rather than accepting a compromise on terms that the Middle East , the rest of the world , and , crucially , most Israelis and Palestinians , accepted long ago .
This is the hubris of believing that brute force and threats , rather than actual negotiation , can yield solutions .
Israel has said that it will squeeze Gaza still further , as if the population can be crushed into submission .
This may sound like a technical report on Sudan 's environment , but it is much more . It is a vivid study of how the natural environment , poverty , and population growth can interact to provoke terrible human-made disasters like the violence in Darfur .
By understanding the role of geography , climate , and population growth in the conflict , we can find more realistic solutions than if we stick with politics alone .
While international diplomacy focused on peacekeeping and on humanitarian efforts to save the lives of displaced and desperate people , peace in Darfur can be neither achieved nor sustained until the underlying crises of poverty , environmental degradation , declining access to water , and chronic hunger are addressed .
Only with improved access to food , water , health care , schools , and income-generating livelihoods can peace be achieved .
Both people and livestock need assured water supplies . In some areas , this can be obtained through boreholes that tap underground aquifers .
In other areas , rivers or seasonal surface runoff can be used for irrigation .
But a growing number of programs around the world are proving that the death and illness of the poor can be reduced sharply and rapidly with targeted investments in public health programs .
Malaria can be brought under decisive control through bed nets , indoor spraying of insecticides , and making medicines freely available to poor people in malaria-prone villages .
No lone scientist or national team can do this .
The second message is that such a global process linking scientists and governments in a common effort is vital , because without it the airwaves can get clogged with the ignorance and misinformation peddled by special interest groups .
The IPCC proved that science can contribute powerfully to meeting these challenges , and that scientists and policymakers can work together to help solve problems of critical importance for humanity .
All of these problems can be solved only through long-term sustainable economic development .
A more peaceful world will be possible only when Americans and others begin to see things through the eyes of their supposed enemies , and realize that today 's conflicts , having resulted from desperation and despair , can be solved through economic development rather than war .
Likewise , the unwillingness of major developing countries such as China and India to sign on to a plan also seems to be ending , though considerable work remains to craft a global agreement to which both rich and poor countries can agree .
The great question , of course , is whether stabilization of greenhouse gases , continued economic development , and adaptation to climate change can be achieved simultaneously .
Such emissions can be eliminated by either shifting to renewable forms of energy or reducing the emissions from fossil fuels .
For example , power plants can adopt solar energy or capture and safely dispose of the carbon dioxide they produce with fossil fuels -- as can large factories .
Automobiles can be engineered for much greater mileage through hybrid technology combining battery power and gasoline .
Buildings can reduce their heating needs through improved insulation , or by converting from heating oil to electricity produced by clean technology .
In other words , the world can combine economic growth with declining emissions of carbon dioxide .
Still , the international community can play a more constructive role than it has until now by pressing both sides to accept an independent recount .
In dismissing such a recount , Frazer told Kenyans that they should n't expect their vote to be tallied accurately , and that power can be seized or perhaps even negotiated in a backroom .
We can harness safe nuclear energy , lower the cost of solar power , or capture and safely store the CO2 produced from burning fossil fuels .
Successful technological breakthroughs can provide stunning benefits for humanity .
The damage to the rest of the world economy , I believe , can remain limited .
Yet global supplies of oil , natural gas , and coal can not easily keep up , even with new discoveries .
Coal is in somewhat larger supply , and can be turned into liquid fuels for transport .
This means that even a small part of the earth 's land surface , notably in desert regions , which receive massive solar radiation , can supply large amounts of the electricity for much of the rest of the world .
But many poor countries can grow more food themselves , because their farmers are producing far below what is technologically possible .
If farmers can be helped to obtain simple technologies , income can rise , and they can accumulate bank balances and collateral .
With a bit of temporary help , perhaps lasting around five years , farmers can build up enough wealth to obtain inputs on a market basis , either through direct purchases from savings or through bank loans .
First , history has already shown how resource constraints can hinder global economic growth .
With new investments in research and development , still further improvements in technologies can be achieved .
The world needs global solutions for global problems , but the G-8 leaders clearly can not provide them .
The hunger crisis can be overcome in poor countries if they get help to grow more food .
The global energy and climate crises can be overcome if the world invests together to develop new energy technologies .
Diseases such as malaria can be overcome through globally coordinated investments in disease control .
The oceans , rainforests , and air can be kept safe through pooled investments in environmental protection .
The other G-8 leaders presumably can see that their own unpopularity at home is strongly related to high food and energy prices , and an increasingly unstable global climate and global economy , none of which they can address on their own .
After all , that kind of extremism can even lead to war , based on perverted views that a particular war is God 's will rather than a failure of politics and cooperation .
Humanity 's only hope is that the vicious circle of extremism can be replaced by a shared global understanding of the massive challenges of climate change , food supplies , sustainable energy , water scarcity , and poverty .
The challenge for policymakers is to restore enough confidence that companies can once again obtain short-term credit to meet their payrolls and finance their inventories .
The next challenge will be to push for a restoration of bank capital , so that commercial banks can once again lend for longer-term investments .
Although their households have suffered to some extent from the fall in equity prices , they not only can continue to grow , but they can also increase their internal demand to offset the decline in exports to the US .
First , the US can not continue borrowing from the rest of the world as it has for the past eight years .
Such loans , of course , would require a major global initiative , at a time when even blue-chip companies can not borrow overnight , much less for 25 years !
There are countless more cases that can be mentioned .
Small-scale demonstration projects prove how success can be achieved ; the challenge then becomes taking the solutions `` to scale '' in nationwide or even worldwide programs .
Leadership is needed , within the countries in need as well as among the rich nations that can help to launch and finance the solutions .
Finally , modest amounts of money , directed at practical problem solving , can make an historic difference .
Bad news can crowd out good news , especially in times of serious financial crisis and political unrest .
Yet the good news shows that we will lose the battle against poverty and misery only if we give up , and fail to heed the intelligence and goodwill that can be mobilized today .
And perhaps next year , the United States will rejoin the global effort with a new and remarkable force , led by a young president who has rightly told Americans and the world that `` Yes , we can . ''
With Spain 's leadership and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon 's partnership , several donor governments are proposing to pool their financial resources so that the world 's poorest farmers can grow more food and escape the poverty trap .
The benefits of some donor help can be remarkable .
African farmers know that they need fertilizer ; they just ca n't afford it . With donor help , they can .
Not only do these farmers then feed their families , but they also can begin to earn market income and to save for the future .
In addition to direct help for small farms , donors should provide more help for the research and development needed to identify new high-yielding seed varieties , especially to breed plants that can withstand temporary flooding , excess nitrogen , salty soils , crop pests , and other challenges to sustainable food production .
We need a breakthrough that is demonstrable , public , clear , and convincing , that can mobilize the public 's hearts and minds , and that can demonstrate success .
History can be made in Madrid at the end of January , when the world 's richest and poorest countries converge to seek solutions to the global hunger crisis .
The worldwide financial bubble can not and should not be recreated .
But if the world cooperates effectively , the decline in consumer demand can be offset by a valuable increase in investment spending to address the most critical needs on the planet : sustainable energy , safe water and sanitation , a reduction of pollution , improved public health , and increased food production for the poor .
Moreover , Japan can boost its own economy and those of the poorest countries by directing its own industrial production to the infrastructure needs of the developing world .
Cooperation can turn the sharp and frightening decline in worldwide consumption spending into a global opportunity to invest more in the world 's future well being .
By directing resources away from rich countries ' consumption to developing countries ' investment needs , the world can achieve a `` triple '' victory .
More importantly , they are needed in the long term , because a world crowded with 6.8 billion people -LRB- and rising -RRB- simply can not sustain economic growth unless it adopts sustainable technologies that economize on scarce natural resources .
Governments should thus strengthen their ministries of infrastructure -LRB- including power , roads , water and sanitation , and information and communication technologies -RRB- , as well as their national development banks , so that they can properly design long-term infrastructure projects and programs .
Moreover , policymakers in the rich world believe that they can continue to neglect the developing world , or leave it to its fate in global markets .
This can be done directly on a bilateral basis , for example , through long-term loans from developed countries ' export-credit agencies .
It can also be done multilaterally , by raising the infrastructure investment flows from the World Bank and the regional development banks -LRB- including the Inter-American Development Bank , European Investment Bank , African Development Bank , and Asian Development Bank -RRB- .
Governments lose their legitimacy when they can not guarantee their populations ' most basic needs : safe drinking water , staple food crops , and fodder and water for the animal herds on which communities depend for their meager livelihoods .
Lasting solutions will require partnerships between government , business , and civil society , which can be hard to negotiate and manage , since these different sectors of society often have little or no experience in dealing with each other and may mistrust each other considerably .
The problem is that a US military response is essentially useless under these conditions , and can easily inflame the situation rather than resolve it .
How can the world most effectively develop , demonstrate , and then spread these new technologies ?
Countries are being pressed to cut emissions by 2020 by certain percentage targets , without much serious discussion about how the cuts can be achieved .
The answers depend , of course , on which low-emission technologies will be available , and on how fast they can be deployed .
Similarly , China , like the US , can reduce CO2 emissions through increased energy efficiency and a new fleet of electric vehicles .
China 's future choices depend on whether `` clean coal '' can really work effectively and on a large scale .
`` Partnerships '' of donors can become an expensive end in themselves , merely delaying real action .
The crisis can yet be an opportunity to turn from a path of financial bubbles and excessive consumption to a path of sustainable development .
There are enough good options available to suggest that the world can accomplish the goal of controlling climate change at a reasonable cost -LRB- perhaps 1 % of global income per year -RRB- while enabling the world economy to continue to grow and raise living standards .
Solar , wind , or nuclear power -- all free of CO2 emissions -- can feed the power grid that will recharge the batteries .
Not only will battery-powered vehicles draw power from the electricity grid during recharging , but , when parked , they can also feed additional power back into the grid during periods of peak demand .
The new age of the electric vehicle exemplifies the powerful opportunities that we can grasp as we make our way from the unsustainable fossil-fuel age to a new age of sustainable technologies .
Yet Burns ' vision for the automobile reminds us that the transition to sustainability can bring real breakthroughs in the quality of life .
But opponents of legislation can threaten to filibuster -LRB- speak for an indefinite period and thereby paralyze Senate business -RRB- , which can be ended only if 60 senators support bringing the legislation to a vote .
Otherwise , proposed legislation can be killed , even if it has the support of a simple majority .
Second , he can command the Environmental Protection Agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the Congress does not pass new legislation .
As a result , the US government now fails to provide adequately for basic public services such as modern infrastructure -LRB- fast rail , improved waste treatment , broadband -RRB- , renewable energy to fight climate change , decent schools , and health-care financing for those who can not afford it .
Only such changes -- including lobbying reforms -- can restore effective governance .
And how can they begin to contribute to the revival of basic economic life ?
The World Food Program can help peasant farmers to produce more food in the countryside and then purchase the food to use in food-for-work programs oriented to construction projects .
Other countries have risen from the rubble of natural disaster and war , and Haiti can do the same over the next five to ten years .
If experts can not agree that there is a climate crisis , why should governments spend billions of dollars to address it ?
Suddenly , even remote schools can connect to the Internet and to other schools through a solar panel , low-cost computers , and wireless access .
A school that lacked even rudimentary supplies suddenly can have access to the same global store of information as any other place in the world .
When poor families have fewer children , they can afford to invest more per child in health , nutrition , and schooling .
Mothers can spend more time in the job market , breaking long-standing barriers of gender inequality .
That deficit , which threatens the futures of these kids and their societies , can now be closed at low cost .
Whether this is an intended outcome , so that Obama and his party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions , or the result of poor decision-making is difficult to determine -- and may reflect a bit of both .
Bhutan is asking itself the question that everyone must ask : how can economic modernization be combined with cultural robustness and social well-being ?
Bhutan is also asking how economic growth can be combined with environmental sustainability -- a question that it has answered in part through a massive effort to protect the country 's vast forest cover and its unique biodiversity .
It is asking how it can preserve its traditional equality and foster its unique cultural heritage .
And it is asking how individuals can maintain their psychological stability in an era of rapid change , marked by urbanization and an onslaught of global communication in a society that had no televisions until a decade ago .
How much `` stuff '' -- fast foods , TV commercials , large cars , new gadgets , and latest fashions -- can we stuff into ourselves without deranging our own psychological well-being ?
Everybody knows how American-style hyper-consumerism can destabilize social relations and lead to aggressiveness , loneliness , greed , and over-work to the point of exhaustion .
It will be able to increase exports of clean , run-of-the-river hydropower to India , thereby earning foreign exchange in a manner that is sustainable and that can fill government coffers to fund education , health care , and infrastructure .
A quotation by President John F. Kennedy states that high tax rates can strangle the economy , but Kennedy 's was speaking a half-century ago , when the top marginal tax rates were twice what they are today .
The same can be said about Brazil , which learned from its own crisis in 1999 , as well as Africa and other regions .
The Republicans believe that they have the upper hand and can pervert the system further in favor of the rich .
Politicians can make endless promises , but if the budget does n't add up , politics is little more than mere words .
One budget area can and should be cut : military spending .
There can be no better way to use the region 's resources than to ensure that its young people 's lives are enriched by education , skills , and high-quality jobs .
NEW YORK -- In almost every part of the world , long-festering problems can be solved through closer cooperation among neighboring countries .
The European Union provides the best model for how neighbors that have long fought each other can come together for mutual benefit .
Today 's reality , however , is that great powers can no longer divide and conquer other regions , even if they try .
Egypt can supply technology , manpower , and considerable expertise for the Arab region , while the Gulf provides energy and finance , as well as some specialists .
As the EU shows , ancient enmities and battle lines can be turned into mutually beneficial cooperation if a region looks forward , to resolving its long-term needs , rather than backward , to its long-standing rivalries and conflicts .
NEW YORK -- The world can breathe easier with the reelection this month of United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to a second term in office .
It is a story of decency , commitment , and generosity that has won global confidence , and that can help to guide the world at a time of unprecedented risks and unique opportunities .
The Millennium Villages Project , which I have the honor of helping to lead , has demonstrated that pastoralist communities can be empowered through targeted investments in livestock management , veterinary care , business development , mobile health clinics , boarding schools , and local infrastructure such as safe water points , off-grid electricity , and mobile telephony .
Cutting-edge technologies , together with strong community leadership , can unlock long-term sustainable development .
Economic progress is important and can greatly improve the quality of life , but only if it is pursued in line with other goals .
We assembled in the wake of a declaration in July by the United Nations General Assembly calling on countries to examine how national policies can promote happiness in their societies .
How can our economic life be re-ordered to recreate a sense of community , trust , and environmental sustainability ?
Fifth , to promote happiness , we must identify the many factors other than GNP that can raise or lower society 's well-being .
Once we understand these factors , we can act .
Climate change , infectious diseases , terrorism , and other ills that can easily cross borders demand a similar global response .
And governments should cooperate globally to regulate those parts of the economy -- notably finance and the environment -- in which problems in one country can spill over to other parts of the world .
The United States led the world into the television age , and the implications can be seen most directly in America 's long love affair with what Harlan Ellison memorably called `` the glass teat . '' In 1950 , fewer than 8 % of American households owned a TV ; by 1960 , 90 % had one .
Anybody -- and any idea -- can be sold with a bright ribbon and a catchy jingle .
Even war can be rolled out as a new product .
To be sure , the mass media can be useful as a provider of information , education , entertainment , and even political awareness .
At the very least , we can minimize those dangers .
We can all leave the TV off more hours per day and spend that time reading , talking with each other , and rebuilding the bases of personal health and social trust .
But how can the benefits of a global patent system that provides incentives for innovation and new discoveries be combined with an assurance that poor people gain access to the medical care that they desperately need ?
Yet poor countries -- or donors acting on behalf of the poor -- can not pay the same prices paid by rich countries .
Poor countries are , indeed , so poor that they can not afford the drugs even at the production cost of around $ 350 per patient , per year , because even these reduced prices amount to a year 's average income .
Thus , few Africans can afford AIDS treatment even when supplied by generic drug producers .
- governments in rich countries must provide substantial assistance to poor countries , so that the poor -- who are too poor to afford these drugs even at reduced prices -- can make use of them .
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
With some luck , it can come to the same thing .
Exchange rates can thus assume unrealistic values for long periods or change course overnight even if underlying conditions change little .
? Financial intermediaries such as banks should be regulated to ensure that they can not gamble with their depositors ' funds ;
Readiness to talk can be effective .
In calling for a more prosperous world for all , President Bush further demonstrated American attitudes on economic development when he said that `` trade can conquer poverty and despair . ''
Many Americans believe that market forces alone , including international trade , can solve the problems of poverty .
Trade does indeed benefit the poor if rich-country markets are opened , so that the poor can sell what they produce .
Trade policy can not save the millions of people who die of disease ; only targeted financial assistance can do that .
There are aspects of growth that are like head-to-head competition , in which the gains of one country or region can be at the expense of another country or region .
The more one country reaps in foreign direct investment , the less investment another country can attract .
We have learned in the past decade that even when businesses are internationally competitive , a macroeconomic crisis can derail economic growth , as it did in most of Asia in the late 1990s .
In our competitiveness studies , we noticed that the world economy can be divided into two categories of countries : the innovators and the non-innovators .
Our rankings can not be used to assess short run cyclical conditions in an economy , but do provide insights into the longer-term prospects of major economies .
No single country , even the largest economy in the world , can stop the cooperation of others .
The growing role of international institutions under the UN umbrella provides greater confidence that disputes can be addressed peacefully and even sensibly , with significant inputs of scientific expertise as in the Climate Change treaty .
It can not be a game of rich against poor .
It can not function without international law and international institutions .
As a result , it is alleged , the Islamic world can not cope with the demands of modernization , either in technology or in cultural practices , such as the granting of rights to women , which is necessary for economic success in the modern world .
We can therefore note that in Islamic societies like Tunisia , Turkey , Indonesia , and Malaysia , economic growth and cultural change has proceeded rapidly in the past generation .
Unlike some types of aid , where the assistance can be funneled to offshore bank accounts , assistance for health comes in the form of drugs , diagnostic tools , and salary support for doctors and nurses .
The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , which was initiated by U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan earlier this year and will begin operation in 2002 , can be a critical mechanism here .
The paradox of the global economy is that rich countries are now so rich and poor countries so poor that even small contributions from the rich can perform wonders .
They issued a declaration calling for action now , so that extreme poverty can be dramatically reduced by the year 2015 .
Many studies , including those that I did for the World Health Organization , show that for a modest amount of money worldwide , perhaps an extra $ 50 - $ 100 billion per year in aid from rich countries , the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved .
The rich world can redeem itself , indeed promote its interests in global peace and prosperity , by proving that the Millennium Development Goals are not empty words .
In Monterrey , rich countries can show the rest of humanity , especially the poorest of the poor , that they 've gotten the message .
This can best be accomplished by dollarizing the economy , just as Argentina should have done last fall .
Such people are dying not because early death is inevitable , but because they can not afford the medicines to keep themselves alive .
We need a plan , says the US ; we can not throw money at the problem .
Exchange rates and stock market prices deviate enormously from long-run fundamental values , which can cause major dislocations in the real economy of jobs , production , and investment .
Of course , if such fads are common , and if they do not last forever , a smart investor can profit handsomely from them , say , by selling the dollar short in recent months .
As the great British economist John Maynard Keynes warned seventy-five years ago , `` markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent . ''
In other words , even if you know that the dollar will eventually fall , you could go bankrupt before you can prove your case if everyone else continues betting that it will rise .
We can only guess at the answer , but my guess is that the US will escape with only a modest slowdown .
But two forces can turn a mild slowdown into a severe recession or even depression :
stock market decline can lead to a full-fledged banking crisis , as occurred in Japan , Mexico , and most recently Argentina .
Suddenly the country is thrown into a balance of payments crisis , in which it can not service its foreign debts . This disrupts trade and production .
Remember too that the United States can use expansionary monetary policy to offset , at least in part , any slowdown that arises .
The Federal Reserve can continue to cut interest rates , if necessary .
These interest rate cuts probably ca n't stop a slowdown from occurring , but they can help to ensure against a full economic collapse .
Or the effects may be indirect . Land use changes , say , can amplify the spread of infectious diseases by changing the mix of species or the ways that animals and humans interact .
When disasters hit -LRB- such as this year 's droughts or floods -RRB- , politicians can not be held accountable for mistakes made over the course of many decades .
The summit in Johannesburg can draw the world 's attention to these pressing problems .
Even if the summit produces few specific results , it can make a difference if three demands are made of the summiteers :
For example , investments in research on alternative energy systems that can limit global warming are vital ;
In some cases their suffering can be alleviated mainly through better governance within their countries .
Controlling disease requires a health system that can deliver life-saving medications and basic preventive services such as bed-nets to fight malaria and vitamins to fight nutritional deficiencies .
This can be done , if we remove the ideological blinkers of the rich , and mobilize a partnership between rich and poor .
Several years ago , I heard another leading public figure in Europe explain in a public lecture that Europe is a Christian society and therefore can never admit an Islamic member .
The new Prime Minister , Abdullah Gul , immediately declared gaining accession to Europe a priority . `` Our aim is to show the world that a country which has a Muslim population can also be democratic , transparent , modern , and cooperative with the world . ''
Or is it , as some suspect , so that America can get its hands on Iraqi oil ?
Many in the Bush Administration argue that aggressive policies toward Iraq can ultimately bring down autocratic governments in the Middle East the same way that the Reagan Administration supposedly brought down the `` evil '' Soviet empire .
We can examine America 's behavior in recent history .
A good window on postwar US policy in Iraq can be found in key documents written by and for the Bush Administration before September 11 , when the analysis of the Middle East was much less infected by today 's fears .
But the anti-Iraq War protests reveal a new dynamic . Up to 10 million protestors in some 60 countries and 600 cities took to the streets on schedule on a single day , February 15 , showing that mass politics can now be approached globally .
The war is likely to proceed because the US can carry out the military phase of the war largely on its own , and because the Bush Administration has no easy way to back down from its military mobilization .
The Cheney-Rumsfeld team is so arrogant that it acts as if it can flaunt the takeover of Middle East oil while brushing aside questions .
Only a few hurdles remain before the US can consummate its crony takeover of Iraq 's oil .
The US can not legally market Iraqi oil , much less invest in new fields , until the old UN sanctions against Iraq are lifted . But the rest of the world believes that lifting the sanctions is tantamount to handing Iraq 's oil future over to the US and UK occupying forces and their corporate cronies .
Israelis and Palestinians can not find the way out alone , because neither side would dare to forcibly disarm its own extremists without absolute proof that the other side will do the same .
So it is fatuous for Israel 's government to insist that the Palestinians disarm completely before the peace process can continue , when Palestinian moderates have no proof that Israel will withdraw to the pre-1967 boundaries .
The Roadmap to Peace can work only if both sides are pressed to a real compromise , whose outline is clear : Israel 's return to something like its pre-1967 borders ; financial compensation of Palestinians for losses of land in Israel , rather than a right to return ; and Jerusalem as a shared capital .
Drug trafficking or other illegal activities can overtake the whole government , turning it from despotism to international organized crime .
Leaders can thus be made prisoners in their own countries .
Smart sanctions can also specifically target the trade in military goods , cutting off despotic regimes ' armed forces .
Moreover , foreign aid can be shifted away from government towards non-governmental organizations , strengthening the civil societies in such countries .
The US government and many observers believe that if the US can just get basic services established in Baghdad , and perhaps catch Saddam Hussein , then the situation will quiet down .
That 's a financial effort that the world can and should join .
Efficiencies in energy use are possible , but they can not solve either the problem of long-run oil supplies or climate change .
Yet these alternatives are expensive , and can not realistically replace fossil fuels .
Fortunately , if we plan for the long term on a global scale , we can find our way through these challenges .
We should aim to develop technologies and infrastructure so that these other fossil fuels can be used efficiently and safely .
Coal can also be converted into hydrogen if we choose to go down the road of a hydrogen-based economy , in which hydrogen-powered fuel cells replace the internal combustion engine in automobiles .
But even India , with its growing economy , can not afford to make these investments out of national resources .
The idea of the IFF is to guarantee that donor countries double their aid levels during the next decade , so that well-governed poor countries can make the investments they need to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
American behavior and self-perceptions reveal the ease with which a civilized country can engage in large-scale killing of civilians without public discussion .
In 2005 , we can begin to change direction .
This is a mistake , because military approaches alone can not make America safe .
Only shared prosperity can truly make the planet secure .
2005 is the year that words can become reality , and that the world can begin to fulfill its hopes for our new millennium .
Malaria can be prevented to a significant extent , and can be treated with nearly 100 % success , through available low-cost technologies .
Poor countries can not afford these investments on their own , so rich countries must help .
If more financial aid is combined with good governance in poor countries , then the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved on time .
Illness and deaths from malaria can be reduced sharply by using insecticide-treated bed nets to stop the mosquitoes that transmit malaria , and by effective medicines when the illness strikes .
Malaria is an important example where specific investments can solve the problems of disease , hunger , and extreme poverty .
Anti-retroviral medicines can help save millions from death due to AIDS .
Moreover , with the `` democratization '' of aid now underway , we can look forward to increased private efforts alongside official development assistance .
Until then , water-starved communities dig for water , if they can find it and if they can afford to pump it out .
Soldiers can not keep peace among desperately hungry people .
Water-stressed regions like Ethiopia and Sudan can adapt , at least in part , through improved technologies such as `` drip irrigation , '' rainwater harvesting , improved water storage facilities , deep wells , and agro-forestry techniques that make best use of scarce rainfall .
Better land-management practices -LRB- the re-planting of degraded forests , for example -RRB- can recharge underground water aquifers .
Poor countries can not afford these technologies on their own .
The famines in Ethiopia and the violence in Darfur suggest what can lie ahead .
In my new book The End of Poverty , I show how extreme poverty can be ended by 2025 , but only if the rich world follows through on its promise to help the poorest countries .
They know that investing today in clean technologies can give them a long-term competitive advantage .
If it can bring us more economic opportunities , as well as social and political freedoms , let us be ` West-toxified . ' ''
While the role that outside powers like the US can play in affecting political reform in Iran is limited , the Obama administration faces two fundamental challenges in its Iran policy .
Governmental brutality and intimidation can withstand the march of history for years , but not indefinitely .
If not , how can the needs of scientific credibility and public accountability be met ?
While psychiatry may be leading the debate about these problems , other medical specialties can not be far behind .
Societies also often provide ways to encourage , even compel , a mentally ill person into treatment , while recognizing that , because psychiatry can potentially invade and overwhelm personal beliefs and values , mental health practices must be regulated in order to preserve civil liberties .
I am skeptical that this can happen .
Nigeria can be bold at diplomacy , as its offer of asylum to President Charles Taylor of Liberia demonstrates .
Another question is how much of the revenues should be transferred , and how transfers can be effected in a country as large , complex , and financially backward as Nigeria .
Lebanon , argues Paul Salem , may provide a guide for those Iraqis who seek a constitution that can reconcile the country 's Shi-ite , Sunni , Kurdish and Turkmen communities .
So perhaps there are lessons from that experience that can be applied in Iraq .
· Second , electoral districts should be multi-member districts and should , as far as is possible , include populations of more than one community in order to encourage cross-communal politics and the election of moderate politicians that can speak to all communities and that know how to resolve tensions among them .
Until elections can be organized , it may be necessary to do what was done in Lebanon just after the war : appoint members to an interim Iraqi parliament .
As someone who knew Lebanon in its darkest hours -- when Lebanon was a by-word for chaos , violence , and political hopelessness -- and who saw its rapid reconstitution as a functioning participatory political system and its astonishing return to normalcy , I know that Iraq can be politically rebuilt .
By recognizing a permanent say in politics for all of the country 's mutually suspicious communities , Iraqis can pull back from the brink and build for themselves an Iraq worthy of their talents and their history .
In the Gulf , Iran has tried to reassure its Arab neighbors that Iranian power is not aimed at them and can in fact be a pillar of gulf security .
By reasserting its access to the airport and seaports , and by consolidating the political situation in the country , Hezbollah can better survive a shift in Syrian policy : the United States and Israel can no longer ask Syria to `` deliver '' Hezbollah as part of any peace deal over the Golan .
With a March 14 victory , Hezbollah is more secure vis-à-vis Israeli attack or international isolation , can worry less about managing Lebanon 's economy and finances , and can maintain its alliance with Aoun without delivering him the Moon .
With 5 % of the world 's population and the bulk of the world 's oil and gas , the Arab world nonetheless lags behind most of the rest of the world , and suffers from what can best be termed `` educational poverty . ''
Education can also have a fundamental effect on forming values .
Although both Hezbollah and Iran still argue , perhaps correctly , that Israel will not give back the Golan Heights or allow the emergence of a Palestinian state , the possibility of peace can not be ruled out .
Traces of the `` new regionalism '' can be found everywhere .
To start , we can rule out Chile from the supposed leftist surge , for it is a country ruled by a centrist coalition of Ricardo Lagos 's European-style socialists and the country 's historic Christian democrats .
Nor can one argue that Brazil 's government under President Lula has not been characterized by moderation , following a more orthodox economic policy even than that of its predecessor , one based on fiscal discipline , budget surpluses , and an anti-inflationary monetary policy .
Chaos and violence in Iraq has strengthened the notion that insurgencies can not be defeated and so must be appeased .
A combination of military force , political incentives , and economic growth that benefits the wider population can begin to bring an insurgency to heel .
Colombia 's government has gone as far as it can , in the face of much criticism from its own supporters , in not insisting on immediate disarmament or surrender , but instead offering a cease-fire and the rebels the possibility of reintegration into civil society under international observation .
By combining staunch military resistance to rebellion with a political program designed to entice rebels back to normal life , the Uribe government has demonstrated that insurgencies can be curtailed .
One can see them everywhere -- learning English in `` coaching centers , '' working anonymously in the new malls and call centers , or suddenly famous as sports stars .
So far , this new group has been too busy climbing the income ladder to express their resentment at the excesses of the elite , but one can feel a growing sense of anger among its members .
Even if China can engineer this , it implies an immediate outflow from the workforce , with the benefits lagging by 25 years .
Interestingly , computer technology is exempted , as it can be used to further the extremist cause .
Securing Europe 's Energy Future Most Europeans agree that reliable , affordable , and sustainable energy is crucial to Europe 's security and prosperity ; that energy can be used as a political weapon , as when Russia shut off gas to Ukraine in January 2006 ; and that Europe is far too dependent on energy supplies from undemocratic and unstable countries or regions .
With China seeking to secure exclusive access to energy resources in Africa and the Russian energy giant Gazprom seeking de facto control of Western companies by investing billions of euros in them , Europe can no longer afford to take a wait-and-see approach .
Europe can not afford to let this history make it complacent .
It is important to emphasize , too , that leprosy can be cured at any time .
Statements similar to Shuvalov 's have already been made , and more can be expected .
You can always rely on our support . ''
The costs can be high .
Significant shifts in power -LRB- typically as a result of changes in commodity prices -RRB- and ideology , or changes in the economics of projects , can lead to renegotiations , especially when it comes to large investments in natural resources and infrastructure .
This will most likely involve a leading MNE , which can field a negotiating team that includes world-class lawyers , geologists , and financial analysts who understand , for example , the trade-offs between taxes and royalties and can put them in appropriate language .
The host country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
The resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the host country 's few important resources , which can generate more predictable -LRB- and probably higher -RRB- revenues than official development assistance -- and over a long period of time .
How can it be implemented without looking like bribery -LRB- in case the company gives the funds directly to the government -RRB- ?
And how can companies prevent some of the funds from being misused -LRB- say , if the government hires a third-rate team -RRB- ?
But the definition of FDI protectionism can become more complicated , because measures taken in the interest of legitimate public policy objectives -- for example , protecting national security or increasing FDI 's contribution to the host economy -- are not necessarily instances of it , even if they make the foreign-investment climate less hospitable .
But the boundary line between such objectives and protectionism can be a very fine one .
Chinese FDI , like all FDI , can provide host countries with a bundle of tangible and intangible assets needed for economic growth and development .
While a significant part of China 's outward FDI initially takes the form of trade-supporting FDI , it can be expected to lead relatively quickly to some production being shifted out of China , including to the US and Europe , thereby possibly reducing exports from China .
The Chinese government can play a crucial role by adopting a code of conduct for all Chinese enterprises investing abroad , in line with internationally accepted norms and taking into account the increasing importance of sustainable FDI .
Its story shows that , given strong national leadership , an internationally coordinated combination of military , humanitarian , technical , and financial assistance can help to turn around failed states , enabling them to rejoin the international financial and political communities and benefit fully from linkages to the global economy .
Liberia 's post-conflict recovery is not unprecedented , but it provides a clear illustration of how coordinated and sustained multilateral support can help national leaders deliver impressive results .
How much the Chinese know about the inner workings of North Korea 's policy-making and power structure , and how much influence they can have , are uncertain .
China , too , believes that if advocates of `` regime change '' do not push North Korea too hard , a strategy can be pursued that is based on slow evolution rather than a precipitous break -- and a possible violent breakdown .
Decades later , the European Union still needs the binding power and legitimacy of its constituent nations , as well as of historical regional political structures within those nations , because a common European identity is emerging only slowly and can not yet justify a unitary constitutional structure .
Indeed , only an ongoing skepticism of fashionable political nostrums - both of the statist and market fundamentalist variety - can promote pluralism and tolerance , and avoid a ballooning of the bureaucracy that enfeebles our economy .
In a fast changing world , this skepticism of the center is the only sensible attitude a responsible political party and government can strike .
Our political approach embraces this humane and realistic pragmatism , for it is only such an approach that offers a chance to secure a prosperous stability within which necessary change can be made without ending up in an extremist euphoria or a fear of the future .
And it works -- but it can do more .
The Alliance can and should be the place to discuss and debate a broader range of political issues .
Indeed , as we face today 's security challenges - terrorism , proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , failed states - we can not afford not to .
In Europe , many national defense budgets can no longer sustain both fully-fledged national forces and a national defense industry .
This sort of arithmetic has the merit of giving some indications about burden-sharing , but it has also been shown that burden-sharing can not be fully captured in graphs and spreadsheets .
How can you evaluate a contribution of light infantry against the provision of critical enablers such as helicopters or air-to-air refueling tankers ?
Common funding , with all members paying a share according to their GDP , is one instrument that can be used to achieve more equitable burden-sharing .
No single measure can resolve the burden-sharing problem .
The main question is whether China can escape the pull of this old psychological syndrome -- which kept it preoccupied throughout the twentieth century with debilitating sentiments of weakness , insecurity , and humiliation -- and allow itself to be guided by a new outlook on the world , and even on old enemies .
That is a pity , because as British Prime Minister Tony Blair recently observed , over the long term , `` there is no issue more important than climate change , '' and there can be no agreement to reduce it `` that does n't involve China , America and India . ''
Small wonder , then , that the water in 75 % of China 's rivers is undrinkable , that the country is home to seven of the world 's most polluted cities , and that one can often live in Beijing or Shanghai for weeks without ever seeing the sun .
As a result , `` there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan . ''
While it assigns responsibility to Japan for WWII , and even unflinchingly names the political and military leaders who bear responsibility , one can still detect a whiff of reluctance in its failure to fully describe some of Japan 's war-time actions .
And , true , no Japanese prime minister has yet fallen to his knees in Nanjing the way Chancellor Willy Brandt did on the site of the Warsaw Ghetto , where he apologized for the crimes of Germany by saying , `` No people can escape from their history . ''
But , now that the Games have ended , Chinese leaders can not quite say , `` Mission accomplished . ''
If many of those same viewers who have been impressed by China 's successes in Beijing now also find themselves recoiling at the idea of a stronger and more prideful China , that is understandable . For strength unalloyed by checks and balances -- and by a capacity for self-critical reflection about the rightness and wrongness of state action -- can be unnerving .
They are right to wonder whether the `` miracle '' can continue to survive the kind of shocks that have rocked almost every other part of Asia to its foundations at one time or another over the last decade .
How can such a scenario be realized ?
In 1973 , as Sino-US relations were thawing , Mao admitted to Henry Kissinger that , though he did not believe reunification would come peacefully , `` We can do without Taiwan for the time being , and let it come after 100 years ...
Only democracy in China can bring lasting peace to the Taiwan Straits .
Dr. Jiang Yanyong may become a millionaire , wear any clothes he likes , redecorate his living room , even buy a car , but he can not inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition .
Apart from discouraging banks from investing abroad , outright restrictions on foreign banks ' market access can not be ruled out , either .
Taking the family history of 100 healthy women , at least one affected first-degree relative can be found in up to 15 of them .
Most recently , huge studies analyzing effects of single nucleotide variations in genomic DNA , so-called single nucleotide polymorphisms -LRB- SNP -RRB- , on breast cancer risk of BRCA1\/BRCA2 mutation carriers have identified so-called modifier SNP that can decrease or increase the individual lifetime risk .
We have also learned that only 20-40 % of the breast cancers that cluster in families come from BRCA1 or BRCA2 germline mutations -- genetic alterations that are present from birth in every cell of the body and can be transmitted to the offspring .
Their frequency is rather rare and certain mutations can be found only in distinct populations , but this class of susceptibility factors is associated with a moderately increased breast cancer risk .
Considering frequency and risk , this class of breast cancer susceptibility factors can be called `` rare , intermediate-penetrance mutations '' .
Today , it is widely accepted that breast cancer , whether familial or sporadic , can be understood as a complex disease .
Initially , experts have to ask whether the result of a genetic test for susceptibility factors can help clinical decisions to be made on the basis of generally accepted guidelines .
One of the main complaints is that communicating with him can be difficult .
Indeed , with two-thirds of member states and a majority of European citizens supporting the Treaty , it can not simply be abandoned .
At the same time , French and Dutch citizens ' voices can not be ignored -- all the more so because it is unimaginable that an identical text could be submitted to a second referendum in either country .
Because all 27 states must ratify the Treaty , it therefore seems obvious that it can not enter into force in its current form , and that the `` yes '' countries can not push ahead with it unchanged .
It is also obvious that member states can not solve these problems alone , but only through coordinated EU action and common policies .
If Europe is to fulfill its role as a major global actor , its scope can not be limited to that of a large common market .
However , the Madrid meeting made clear that there is a consensus among these member states in favor of a Europe that can play a key role in our globalized world , and whose actions are based on the principles -- effectiveness , transparency , and democracy -- that inspire the European integration process .
Intervention has now been broadened to include education , culture , sport , and ethnicity , in the belief that only citizens who receive equal education and training , and have their historical and cultural specificity recognized , can enjoy genuine equality .
`` When inequality is the common law , the strongest inequalities are not conspicuous , '' Alexis de Tocqueville wrote in his classic Democracy in America , but `` when everything is more or less leveled , the slightest inequality hurts . '' Because no society can ensure complete equality , `` welfare democracy '' feeds dissatisfaction and frustration - and hence demands for more welfare democracy , not less .
One can not help but marvel at how discreetly this topic is being dealt with by Merkel and Steinmeier .
The FDP can count on about 13-14 % of the vote , which means that it may be able to join with Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union to form a government .
I can not explain this dynamic .
Russian authorities tend to play down these attacks as the acts of rowdies -- even when the perpetrators are caught and can be prosecuted .
Indeed , Russia 's racists can be assured of considerable sympathy from the security forces and the public .
Once again , a subgroup of the population has been declared bandits and potential terrorists , satisfying people 's urge to find a clearly identifiable enemy who can be blamed for all that is wrong in today 's Russia .
Despite this , the two defendants are forced to sit inside a narrow cage whose glass front has only two small holes through which their lawyers can communicate with them .
One can not help but contrast this with Budanov , the rapist and murderer who is now free to move about Russia at will .
On the contrary , events have imposed an agenda on Europe that we can not escape and for which solidarity -- true union -- will be needed .
We Czechs know something about this , as the wrenching economic transition that we underwent in the 1990 's taught us much about how the right policies can break the grip of hopelessness .
But the bilateral deals that have emerged from this race sometimes come at the expense of other Union members , and may unbalance relations within the Union as a whole . Only a rules-based EU framework can provide a firm foundation for both bilateral and Union-wide relations with Russia .
There are good reasons to believe that the level of stability achieved in Iraq can be maintained even without a large-scale US presence .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
If bank failures typically reflect real underlying problems , sensitive professional investors can be expected to react quickly when any whiff of panic is in the air .
You can , however , succeed in tickling yourself through an intermediary -- a machine , for instance , that translates the movements of your fingers into sensations on the skin by a method indirect enough for the cerebellum to be unable to anticipate them .
Yet can any `` development round '' worthy of its name ignore this challenge ?
Under what conditions can one reasonably hope to restart a multilateral agreement on investment ?
To remain relevant , the Bretton Woods institutions must fully adapt to the needs of the world 's rapidly emerging countries , and they can begin that process at this spring 's IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington .
The international community simply can not leave them to their own devices on such crucial issues without jeopardizing its own future .
But it can not be the sole purpose of international aid , nor of the World Bank .
The Bank should be able to work with them in the absence of sovereign guarantees , and increase its loan offerings in local currencies , since these partners can not afford currency risk .
To further `` crowd in '' the private sector , insurance and guarantees can help .
Second , this poor performance shows how short-sighted the international community can be .
As a novelist , when writing in Turkish I can encounter more than eight different words to stand for the headscarf . Yemeni , türban , e?arp , çar?af , ... Each is different .
We in Turkey have been tackling the question of whether Islam can coexist with Western democracy for more than 150 years .
In principle , workers can seek remedies by joining a union and bargaining collectively .
But this option is all but foreclosed , because union membership or organizing can lead to dismissal , blacklisting , violence , or worse .
They could just as easily take the high road : much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run .
Kennan maintained that the US should work to create a world that no one can dominate , and that the best way to spread democracy is to demonstrate its superiority .
Terrorist groups can be minimized if their enabling states are contained .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
The other essential step is to place resolution of the Israel-Palestine conflict at the center of America 's foreign policy agenda . America must push for a solution that can garner the support of significant majorities of all the peoples between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean .
There is a widespread misperception that Islam 's holy texts are written in a way that can justify both interpretations .
Indeed , in my view , democracy is not only permitted by Islam , but can be regarded as a religious rule .
My understanding is drawn from a principle contained by the basic Islamic theory of legal reasoning , which asserts that when strong religious interests can be realized only through a particular path of action , that path itself is no longer a matter of choice .
Thus , if we can establish that democracy is the means to realize the strong interests of the Muslim community -- and I believe we can do this -- then democracy may be declared a religious duty in Islam .
Even if democracy might be viewed primarily as an evil from an Islamic point of view , there is another principle of interpretation of religious laws in Islam , according to which minor evils -- even if religiously impermissible or not recommended at first -- become permissible , recommended , and even mandatory if they alone can prevent major evils .
So religion can not be imposed ; individuals must practice it according to their own decisions .
Taiwan 's people know that they can not prosper as a democracy if ethnic divisiveness is allowed to hold sway .
That flaw infects the heart of the `` One Country , Two Systems '' notion : the idea that genuine autonomy can exist in a country whose supreme leaders do not believe in rule by consent .
Now China 's communist rulers find themselves trapped in a bind . If they back Tung unconditionally for the rest of his term , they can look forward to the collapse of their long-term strategy to re-absorb Taiwan , for the alternative to peaceful reunification with Taiwan is coercion .
Their message to the government in Beijing is this : you can not take away our ethnicity but you have soiled our dignity through your barbarism .
Chen , as a sitting president , can not be indicted even though the prosecutor says that he has evidence to prove his guilt .
Chen can remain in office until his term ends in 2008 , or he could resign now in order to let his vice president and pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- rebuild to win the next election .
Indeed , South Korea has shown how a poor country without natural resources can become a world-class economy .
Without quality education , there can not be a quality work force , and without that , no country can hope to compete in a world where the march of globalization can not be stopped .
In his new life as a `` non-politician , '' Thaksin can tell many of his business and political friends to chart a new course for Thailand , one that would help the country become a near `` tiger . ''
Or he can let history judge him even more harshly .
Money , therefore , is about trust , without which no society can function .
If we can not rely on the best auditors , can we continue to trust chartered accountants ?
Their coordinated efforts to divert North Korea peacefully from its nuclear course have also vindicated bilateral cooperation when both sides can define a common security stake .
A mature bilateral relationship is one in which even difficult issues can be discussed routinely and promptly .
But it has yet to build a strong defense system that can respond effectively either to regional contingencies or to global needs .
The Assembly 's first responsibility will be to draft a new constitution that can help reunify Nepal 's disparate communities .
The attack on Khodorkovsky clearly demonstrates that prosecutors and courts can readily be manipulated by the politically powerful .
Paradoxically , because Putin 's `` strong '' leadership incorporates liberals and even democrats so as to preserve a pro-Western façade , a truly liberal opposition can not emerge .
But appearances can deceive , for the legacy of Putin 's first term is that he is losing his fight with the state apparatus that he inherited .
Under the current soft authoritarian regime , I can see only one rather negative scenario for the future : authentic , full-fledged dictatorship .
Yet the wall and the second phase of the roadmap , which calls for a Palestinian state with provisional borders , can not co-exist .
Unsuccessful firms are tossed aside to make way for new and better firms , and individuals who become economically less productive -LRB- often through no fault of their own -RRB- can also be `` discarded '' by the market , their careers interrupted and their investments cut to a fraction of their previous value .
Theoretically , homeowners can use these new instruments to protect themselves against their home losing value .
Many risks are gradually being added to the list of those that can be insured against .
As a result , our mechanisms for dealing with risk can become increasingly differentiated and complex .
Two worries arise most often : globalization , which makes jobs migrate to poorer regions , and computer technology , which can make them disappear altogether .
A half-century later , nothing really bad happened to any major segment of our population that can be blamed on computers .
Financial markets will have to be broadened , so that people and businesses can better hedge their risks .
The problem is that basic scientific research is mostly a public good that can not be withheld from those who use it and which seeps into the body of scientific know-how in unanticipated ways .
Top scientists , sheltered by anonymity , can usually spot originality and can judge which scientific ideas have real value .
Smaller countries face difficulties in ensuring anonymity : the number of qualified scientists within a specific field may be so small that researchers can easily guess who reviews which proposals , and powerful figures can retaliate for negative evaluations of their unpromising research ideas .
Similar changes can be expected in other countries , as the importance of scientific competition and entrepreneurship becomes better understood .
There can be no free market for basic science in the literal sense of the term . But the benefits of markets can and should be pursued by other means .
But , there are reasons to believe that higher interest rates , even though expected , can have a negative impact on home prices . That is because home buyers are mostly ordinary people with little financial sophistication , unlike the professionals who trade in stocks .
Untrained people with other things on their minds can make serious economic errors .
People with fixed-rate mortgages are also vulnerable to rate increases , though less directly . This is because if they have to move and sell their house , there may be no buyers who can afford higher interest payments , unless the home 's price also falls .
They want to figure out how they can compete with Chinese or Indian workers who have the same , or better , education .
Even a temporary spike in oil prices can have long-term effects because of the social reactions they provoke .
The outcome of any public discussion can never be known with certainty , but chances are that it will amplify stories that imply risks of higher oil prices .
To be sure , sharing ownership can help employee morale . But it also creates an unhealthy concentration of risks : not only the employee 's job , but also his assets now depend on the company 's fate .
Local unions need to be involved , for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers , and can not be resolved by governments alone .
A market for real estate derivatives that can help balance these risks is only just beginning to appear .
Insurance companies and mortgage companies ought to be willing to offer such products if they can hedge the home-price risks in liquid derivative markets .
To deal with disasters more effectively , countries must find the will to create an environment in which a much more developed private insurance industry can flourish .
The insurance industry can , and should , respond to the tsunami disaster by accepting the moral imperative to take concerted action to expand risk coverage .
To the extent that governments are involved , they can promote better risk management through responsive regulation and even subsidization of experiments with new private insurance products .
What good is a longer life if we can not maintain our standard of living ?
But pension funds can not do this , because they risk running out of money if , on average , people turn out to live longer than expected .
As a result , private companies do not offer life annuities at attractive rates , because they can not be reasonably sure that they can fulfill their promises unless they are significantly overcapitalized .
Moreover , it is not clear that the EIB can get further help from reinsurers in managing the risks it assumes by issuing such bonds because reinsurers do not yet see how they can fully hedge the risks involved .
The slow launch of longevity bonds ultimately reflects a fundamental question : can we genuinely reduce the impact of longevity risk ?
We thus need a large and liquid market for longevity risk so that these different groups can creatively share their risks with each other .
In fact , creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk , for we could then discover its true price , allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently .
Of course , if one looks at many different investment strategies and many different countries , one can find something that performed spectacularly in the past , even if there is no strategy that can be expected to do so well in the future .
The twenty-first century will be different in ways that we can not fathom today .
So risk management , by smoothing out bumps in income , can be extremely important in alleviating the effects of poverty .
The moral hazard implicit in crop insurance can be addressed by making payouts depend not on the actual crop failure but on the bad weather that caused it .
Since the farmer can not influence the weather , there is no moral hazard .
Different crops are affected differently , and weather insurance must take account of a farm 's various crops and when they were planted -- complexities that modern information technology can solve .
But can an emerging economy invest too much ?
It would thus appear that there is nothing wrong with China continuing to buy new equipment , build new factories , and construct new roads and bridges as fast as its can .
The faster , the better , so that the billion or so people there who have not yet reached prosperity by world standards can get there within their lifetimes .
Some universal human weaknesses can result in irrational behavior during an economic boom .
At times like these , people can easily imagine that an apartment in Shanghai will be worth some enormous amount in 10 or 20 years , when China is vastly more prosperous than it is today .
But when the ultimate determinants of values today become so dependent on a distant future that we can not see clearly , we may not be able to think clearly , either .
This can lead people to make serious mistakes , paying more for long-term assets than they should , even assuming that the economy will perform spectacularly well in the future .
They can overextend their finances , fall victim to promotions , invest carelessly in the wrong assets , and direct production into regions and activities on the basis of momentary excitement rather than calculation of economic fundamentals .
Silence can be presumed to be tacit acceptance that rapid increases in long-term asset price are warranted .
National leaders must speak out , and they must match their words with concrete actions , to help signal to the public that the speculative bubble can not be expected to continue .
That recession was destructive , but it had one silver lining : an inspiration to the world that an independent central bank can take tough measures to ensure price stability .
No economic strategy can change that , even if it produces spectacular GDP growth .
By purchasing or selling it , companies and individuals can protect themselves against losses stemming from changes in the value of their currency .
This failure can be explained only by the money illusion , which ultimately is connected with what psychologists call `` framing . ''
Indeed , this is also why an American exchange can make a market for European inflation ; with new information technology , it no longer matters where people live .
This should help popularize indexed units of account , too , since computer technology can now handle all the calculations involved in translating them into currency .
His views represent , as much as can be expected , a consensus among those who have studied the issues carefully .
A central bank can pull the string -LRB- raise interest rates -RRB- to rein in an economy that is galloping ahead unsustainably .
But it can not push the string up : if economic growth stalls , as when confidence is seriously damaged , lowering interest rates may not be enough to stimulate demand .
In that case , a recession can occur despite the central bank 's best efforts .
But Bernanke 's impressive research on the Great Depression does not mean that he can prevent the next recession or depression , for stopping deflation hardly solves all problems .
Once again , Mexicans can thank NAFTA for the quick recovery .
Worse , no one can be sure that such setbacks will not occur again .
But the boom generated by such beliefs can not go on forever , because prices ca n't go up forever , and there are already signs of a hard landing .
But , of course , housing prices can only rise so fast .
People who could not afford to send their children to a good school or college now can .
As a sociologist , he chose this tiny town to study how people relate to each other and influence each other , just as biologists study tiny worms with only a few hundred cells so that they can study how each cell relates to an organism as a whole .
As far as I can determine in talking with him , his purpose is entirely high-minded .
But if a real emergency arises , they can get their money .
They may get lost for a while , and initially they may sound strange when they are rediscovered , but people like Yunus and Tufano show that they can be updated and implemented with the help of disinterested but passionate advocacy .
Their inherent spirit of goodwill , and the goodwill they can inspire from other financial professionals , holds out the hope of a brighter future to everyone , especially those who are most in need .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it at the International Conference of Dalits and Minorities , held in New Delhi in December , `` Even as absolute poverty may be reduced by growth , inequalities can get sharpened .
This can be politically and socially extremely destabilizing . ''
Lawyers write a lot of contracts , and courts spend a lot of time enforcing them , but these institutions can not cover everything .
But the business world is built on our intuitive knowledge of when we can trust people fairly well and when we ca n't trust them much at all .
By contrast , when inequality is perceived as the result of a breakdown in trusting relationships , it can lead to bitterness , and , ultimately , social unrest .
Capitalists put their money where they think it can get the highest return ; that is what we call speculation .
To do this profitably , they can not afford to let patriotism or sentiment interfere .
Deniers of the problem -- such as economist Jagdish Baghwati -- can not prove that the worst will not happen .
We ought to prepare for the possibility of massive turmoil in our economies in coming years , even if we can not prove that it will happen , just as we should take steps against global warming , even if some scientists doubt that it is a problem .
He wants the government to subsidize `` personally-delivered service '' jobs , which can not be delivered over the Internet , to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of `` impersonally-delivered services . ''
Government can promote the democratization of such institutions so that they protect people from the very risks that they are worrying most about .
Moreover , government can make our social insurance -LRB- a government institution that complements private insurance -RRB- more incentive-compatible and better at managing risks -- and not just the risks of the extreme losers -- by , say , launching inequality-indexation of the tax system .
And governments should improve our information infrastructure , so that financial contracts can better capture the outcomes of economic risks .
So Sarkozy should n't be lashing out against `` speculative capitalism . '' On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Many people view the superstar city theory as confirming their hunch that , despite the current slowdown in home prices elsewhere -LRB- particularly in the United States -RRB- , investors can expect to make huge long-term gains by buying homes in these cities , even though the homes there are already expensive .
If expectations of rapid and steady future price increases are important motivating factors , then the price level is inherently unstable , because prices can not rise forever .
Liquid assets are assets that resemble cash , because they can easily be converted into cash and used to buy other assets .
So its popular use seems not to reflect anything we can put our finger on , but instead a general feeling that markets are bubbly and a lack of confidence in their levels .
Alan Greenspan , the former Fed chairman , recently said that he now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy , but that , at the same time , the world 's monetary authorities can not control bubbles .
Psychology need only change enough to bring about a drop in consumption or investment growth of a percentage point or so of world GDP , and market repercussions can do the rest .
Of course , while complicated financial arrangements allow us to move forward economically , they also can create hazards .
These investors can , in turn , be encouraged when financial hedging devices and financial diversification protect them .
Mayhew concluded that it is rather difficult to tell whether derivative markets worsen financial-market volatility , because their creation tends to come when existing financial markets already are more volatile , or can be predicted to become so .
But others -- those involved with the securitization of mortgages -- were clearly important long-run innovations , because they can help spread risks better around the world .
Sinn shows that the combined effects of the German tax and social welfare system virtually guarantee that no breadwinner in a family with two children can end up with less than ¤ 1,500 a month , even without working at all .
Sinn estimates that an East German family on welfare can collect four times the average income of a family in Poland and six times the income of a family in Hungary .
The stunning magnitude of recent declines can not be dismissed as a one-day anomaly caused by a technical trading glitch .
Perhaps the saving grace in this situation is that animal spirits can and sometimes do change direction .
Confidence is a psychological phenomenon , and can make seemingly capricious jumps up as well as down .
There is no theory in economics that provides a reason to think that prices in these markets can only go up .
The booms in these markets can be traced substantially to the growth of the idea that one should always continually hold as many of these assets as possible , just as that you should drink green tea or eat dark chocolate every day for antioxidants .
But their belief can suddenly be disrupted if plainly visible events contradict it .
Governments are in a good position to create new risk-management policies , and they can then set an example for private insurers to follow .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
Every major country of the world has abundant land in the form of farms and forests , much of which can be converted someday into urban land .
Of course , such land may not be in desirable locations today , but desirable locations can be created by urban planning .
Home prices can not have shown such increases over long time periods , for then no one could afford a home .
It can be applied with care in areas where the consequences of violating Savage 's axiom are not too severe .
Only then will monetary authorities gain a better understanding of when and how bubbles can derail an economy , and what can be done to prevent that outcome .
In some cases 100 homes can , in effect , be stacked on one another .
So how , beyond mere rhetoric , can governments promote creativity ?
This approach can result in large rewards for important inventions -- precisely what is needed if maximum incentive is to be given to people to develop bold new concepts -- and has served us well over the centuries since 1624 .
While previously most patentable inventions were produced in laboratories , with business-method patents the rewards for creativity can now motivate all kinds of people throughout a business organization .
But generating enough liquidity implies huge expenses : the public must be educated to understand the concept of risk management and overcome serious psychological barriers before it can be persuaded of the usefulness of the new instruments .
In these cases , too many patents can drive up licensing and legal costs prohibitively , lowering the payoffs to inventors and discouraging them from innovating .
This is because most investors overreact to past returns , shifting their money around in a largely futile effort to channel it to managers who can beat the market .
Two years later , near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets , he declared that , `` We can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path . ''
But it is still not so sharp a theory that we can really rely on it for making confident forecasts .
If inflation is also 4 % per year , I can borrow for free -- and for less than nothing if annual inflation turns out to be higher .
But such forecasts of `` implied inflation '' can be wild , if not absurd .
One may ask : how can an interest rate be negative ?
One can never have negative nominal interest rates -LRB- except through some oddity of taxes or regulations -RRB- , since lenders would rather hold their cash than effectively pay borrowers .
Moreover , unlike private firms , governments can count as profits on their investments the benefits of positive externalities -LRB- benefits that accrue to everyone -RRB- .
There is nothing we can do now to compensate for failures to manage risks in the past .
But disasters and economic crises can have a silver lining if they spur fundamental innovation by forcing us to think about how to manage risks in the future .
Speaking from personal experience , I have to say that they can , because even I , a professional economist , have occasionally had to stop myself from making exactly the same error .
And loss of confidence , by discouraging consumption and investment , can be a self-fulfilling prophecy , causing the economic weakness that is feared .
We now have a daily index for the US , the Gallup Economic Confidence Index , so we can pinpoint changes in confidence over time .
That said , the economic outlook can never be fully analyzed with conventional statistical models , for it may hinge on something that such models do not include : our finding some way to replace one narrative -- currently a tale of out-of-control debt -- with a more inspiring story .
We are also more afraid of well-publicized risks - especially those that can kill us in grisly ways .
To fully comprehend risk , we must stretch our imagination to think of all the different ways that things can go wrong , including things that have not happened in recent memory .
But no one who looks at the matter seriously can argue that the tremendous inequality between the world 's nations reflects fundamental differences in inherent ability or immutable character .
Obviously , these two countries ' relative positions are due to circumstances that can be changed , or that will change in response to economic events and political decisions .
Without any credible commitments by America , how can Obama ask China to do more ?
The best that can be hoped for are serious joint research and development projects , such as collaboration on carbon capture and sequestration , aimed at demonstrating that both leaders are at least pulling in the same direction in addressing climate change .
Based on their own experience over the past 30 years , the Chinese know how economic reform and liberalization can change a country 's perception of its self-interests and stance toward the world .
Bases that exist at the whim of mercurial regimes can not be a foundation for America 's security .
When this happens , seed is transformed from being a common good into being the `` intellectual property '' of companies such as Monsanto , for which the corporation can claim limitless profits through royalty payments .
In fact , the allusion to space exploration has another dimension : the achievements of any great are not bound to one 's time or place of origin and can be transmitted to other cultures and generations .
Moreover , Russia 's efforts to gain monopoly control of the gas pipeline networks across Eurasia pose a direct danger for China , because monopolists can not only gouge their consumers , but also shut off supplies for political purposes , as Russia has done repeatedly over the past two decades .
Still , he can be credited for some tangible results in bringing Chechnya a modicum of normality .
Regional institutions can entrench themselves only if their members promote adherence to the spirit and letter of their legal frameworks .
South Africa has a vested interest in stability , and it can turn the screws on Mugabe 's regime , much as it has refused to contemplate any form of sanctions because of their impact on the poor .
A G8 commitment to the global carbon market will foster long-term financing beyond 2012 . Such carbon finance can also tackle deforestation , which represents about 20 % of the global CO2 emissions causing climate change .
A forest carbon facility can reward forest conservation as a means of protecting the climate while also preserving ecosystems and generating income for poor communities in developing countries .
An expanded carbon market can help pay for a transformation to a low carbon economy , but it wo n't be enough .
If we can help them get on a low carbon path , we will have taken a giant step forward in preserving and protecting our planet while enabling them to reduce poverty and offer their citizens a better future .
The meeting in Heiligendamm can advance the commitments made at Gleneagles two years ago and bring the world closer to a more sustainable future .
One can only imagine how dire conditions may be in the 93 countries for which no data on the topic even exist .
Innovative initiatives providing rural child care mean that girls can go to school , and basic public health provision -- such as de-worming -- attracts chronically sick children to the classroom for both learning and healing .
Let them assume the leadership that we all see is possible , inspired anew by the opening words of Maria Stewart 's historic speech : `` Oh , do not say you can not make anything of your children ; but say , with the help and assistance of God , we will try . ''
As the democratically elected representatives of the American people , they alone can determine what those interests are .
Ratification of New START will increase mutual trust and show that the West and Russia , despite our disagreements , can work together on issues critical to our common security .
How can civilian , democratic control of the army and police be secured ?
Today 's Arab reformers thus can draw on our successes -- and avoid our mistakes .
Not all popular demands for freedom succeed : in the confusion , reactionary forces can make their move .
This measured , inclusive reform can be a model for others .
First , Libya 's TNC is the best bet we can make now for Libya 's future . Its leaders are cooperating in an effort to bring about real reform in a way that was unthinkable a few months ago .
Europe 's former communist countries can make a special contribution to the process of transition across North Africa .
As a result , painful policy dilemmas arise , and they can divide even the closest allies .
How best to respond if some states can not or will not take the necessary steps to thwart terrorist planning on their territory ?
The sheer nihilistic irrationality of terrorism strains and tests our own beliefs like nothing else can .
Even well-intentioned social policies can have unwelcome consequences .
But the main lesson of 9\/11 is that in any free society a tiny number of people can exploit their freedom and do vast damage , especially when the underlying motivation is incoherent .
Of course , the democratic world can not build a bomb-proof house .
But we can minimize risk by remaining vigilant and upholding at all times the values on which our societies are based .
The experience of 1914 implies that a credible alternative can replace an entrenched world currency , especially after an unfavorable balance of trade has weakened it .
But the commitment of these independent political entities to the euro can not match the history of America 's commitment to the dollar .
It can not hitch a ride on gold , the way America did a century ago .
Of course , one can only hope that such a scenario remains pure conjecture .
Although there is much that we can and will do to help ourselves , the Horn of Africa can still benefit from international assistance . But the international community needs to do more than provide food and medicine to victims of famine and drought .
Often , however , the EU can not respond or can do so only slowly , because its structure obstructs quick decisions and fast action .
Democracy in the EU can not be guaranteed by the models and rules that apply in the member states .
But , assuming that the obstacle thrown up by Ireland 's voters can be overcome , experience has shown that the EU 's future evolution will be marked by increasingly centralized power in Brussels and the retreat of individual states .
But there are limits to what the EU can do , limits determined by the Union 's inter-governmental nature .
They can solve complex puzzles that stump most two-year-old humans .
They can learn hundreds of signs , and put them together in sentences that obey grammatical rules .
Nor does it rule out euthanasia if that is in the interest of individual apes whose suffering can not be relieved .
What extending basic rights to great apes does mean is that they will cease to be mere things that can be owned and used for our amusement or entertainment .
We can not place great confidence in such studies , because this kind of overall `` life satisfaction '' judgment may not reflect how much people really enjoy the way they spend their time .
Accumulating money up to a certain amount provides a safeguard against lean times , but today it has become an end in itself , a way of measuring one 's status or success , and a goal to fall back on when we can think of no other reason for doing anything , but would be bored doing nothing .
From this perspective , once Buffett earned his first few millions in the 1960 's , his efforts to accumulate more money can easily seem completely pointless .
But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world 's poorest people .
Although no particular heat wave can be directly attributed to global warming , it will make such events more frequent .
For example , if a factory leaks toxic chemicals into a river that I use to irrigate my farm , killing my crops , I can sue the factory owner .
But if individuals can do tests from which insurance companies are barred , and if those who receive adverse genetic information then buy additional life insurance without disclosing the tests that they have taken , they are cheating other holders of life insurance .
For several years , some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization , producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman 's uterus only those without it .
It may not be long before we can identify genes that improve the odds of success in this quest .
In the case of sex selection , it is easy to see that couples who independently choose the best for their own child can produce an outcome that makes all their children worse off than they would have been if no one could select the sex of their child .
The first option would require coercion , and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring .
After her death , his father , a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can , was unable to care for him , and placed him in an orphanage .
By selecting particular villages and providing basic health care , bed nets to stop malaria , primary education , better seeds , and other agricultural assistance , the organization aims to show that well-designed , comprehensive aid plans can , at relatively modest cost , raise people out of poverty .
One can only regret that the media seem less interested in this exciting and momentous story , which has the potential to help millions of children , than in Madonna 's adoption of a single Malawian infant .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
If you can read , and did n't deliberately turn away from anything that might disturb your comfort , you should also know that the entire animal industry is unnecessary , that we would be healthier , and do less damage to our environment , without it ?
How can farmers treat them with respect when consumers want cheaper meat and supermarkets are using their immense bargaining power to force producers to use every possible means to cut costs ?
Because of these ideals , he proclaimed , the United States `` remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve . ''
The only thing you can do to prevent these five deaths is to throw a switch that will divert the trolley onto a side track , where it will kill only one person .
This time , however , you are not standing near the track , but on a footbridge above the track . You can not divert the trolley .
All of this is part of a larger program that attempts to measure changes in the city 's quality of life , so that the city council can know whether it is taking the community in a desirable direction .
But , as Professor Richard Layard of the London School of Economics has argued in his recent book Happiness : Lessons from a New Science , promoting friendship is often easy , cheap , and can have big payoffs in making people happier .
Since politicians ask us to entrust them with sweeping powers , it can be argued that we should know as much as possible about their morality .
Even so , whether people choose to marry or not , whether they are heterosexual or homosexual , even whether they pay to fulfill their erotic fantasies or have fantasies they can fulfill at no cost , tells us little about whether they are good people who can be trusted with high office -- unless , of course , they say one thing while doing another .
If we can cultivate a wider tolerance of human diversity , politicians , business leaders , and administrators would be less fearful of `` exposure , '' because they would realize that they have done nothing that they must hide .
So many leading cyclists have tested positive for drugs , or have admitted , from the safety of retirement , that they used them , that one can plausibly doubt that it is possible to be competitive in this event otherwise .
At the elite level , the difference between being a champion and an also-ran is so miniscule , and yet matters so much , that athletes are pressured to do whatever they can to gain the slightest edge over their competitors .
But it is difficult to defend the current line between what athletes can and can not do in order to enhance their performance .
In the Tour de France , cyclists can even use overnight intravenous nutrition and hydration to restore their bodies .
Training at high altitude is permitted , though it gives those athletes who can do it an edge over competitors who must train at sea level .
If you can convince yourself that everyone behaves selfishly , then why try to be a better person ?
Perhaps that was inevitable . While a single person can arouse our emotions , such feelings tend to be temporary and rarely produce a lasting change in our lives .
Treating depression is often , if not always , effective , and without it , those who suffer from depression can not live happy , fulfilling lives .
Patients , too , may fail to seek treatment , because mental illness still carries a stigma that can make it harder to acknowledge than a physical illness .
So , while we can and should do much better at treating it , perhaps the more significant question is whether we can learn to prevent it .
Of course , relaxed and happy people can still become depressed , and stressed and unhappy people may not be depressed , but it is a reasonable hypothesis that happier people are less likely to become depressed .
LaSalle Leffall , who chaired the President 's Cancer Panel , wrote to President George W. Bush in August , saying , `` We can and must empower individuals to make healthy choices through appropriate policy and legislation . ''
Governments ca n't legislate happiness or ban depression , but public policy can play a role in ensuring that people have time to relax with friends , and pleasant places to do it .
If so , one can only hope that watching how Watson blew himself up will not discourage them from venturing into the minefield .
Yet if many people follow this line of reasoning , and do not vote , a minority of the population can determine a country 's future , leaving a discontented majority .
The pressure to keep administrative expenses low can make an organization less effective .
Evaluating charities can be more difficult than making investment decisions .
In other ways , too , evaluating charities takes time , and can be expensive .
Such practices raise the obvious question : are we routinely treating illnesses because we can , rather than because we ought to ?
On the Test for Severe Impairment , where scores can range from zero to 24 , three-quarters of these patients scored zero .
How many people want their lives to be prolonged if they are incontinent , need to be fed by others , can no longer walk , and their mental capacities have irreversibly deteriorated so that they can neither speak nor recognize their children ?
In many cases , the antibiotics were administered intravenously , which can cause discomfort .
If Golubchuk 's children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father .
They can then decide for themselves , at their own expense , how much further treatment he should have .
So , perhaps we can judge moral progress by asking how well we have done in combating racism and sexism .
Unfortunately , the same can not be said about equal rights for women .
Public acceptance of ideas is itself progress of a kind , but what really matters is that it provides leverage that can be used to bring about more concrete progress .
For animals also suffer from floods , fires , and droughts , and , since they are not descended from Adam and Eve , they can not have inherited original sin .
The seventeenth-century French philosopher René Descartes solved it by the drastic expedient of denying that animals can suffer .
He first said that , because humans can live forever in heaven , the suffering of this world is less important than it would be if our life in this world were the only life we had .
If , however , we insist on believing in divine creation , we are forced to admit that the god who made the world can not be all-powerful and all good .
Often , names are stuck not only over the entire building , but also on as many constituent parts of it as fundraisers and architects can manage .
Many of those earning less than $ 100,000 can also afford to give something .
If we regard human rights as something possessed by all human beings , no matter how limited their intellectual or emotional capacities may be , how can we deny similar rights to great apes , who clearly surpass some human beings in their rationality , self-awareness , and emotional bonds with others ?
Recognition by a government that it can be wrong to enslave animals is a significant breach in the wall of exclusive moral significance we have built around our own species .
That this can happen in a European democracy is shocking .
They can not justify developing new drugs unless they can expect to recoup their costs through sales .
If drug companies target diseases that affect only people who are unable to pay high prices for drugs , they can not expect to cover their research costs , let alone make a profit .
The biggest impact that Obama can make , however , is beyond America 's borders .
Last year , when speaking to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs , he called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security , and say : `` You matter to us .
But if any US president can overcome that historical shadow hanging over the UN , Obama can .
That may sound like hyperbole , but raising the temperature and reducing the rainfall of a predominantly agricultural nation can be as devastating to its people as dropping bombs on it .
Families that can no longer keep up with their mortgage payments will lose their homes .
When a poor family 's income drops , one of the few expenses on which it can cut back is the cost of sending the children to school .
In those circumstances , it is harsh to say to a couple that they can not have their own genetic child at all .
But if by that the Church is referring to sexual intercourse , then it surely has an unduly narrow view of what kinds of acts can express reciprocal love between a man and a woman .
Taking the several inconvenient and sometimes unpleasant steps required to have a child together by means of IVF can be , and often is , the result of a much more deliberate and reciprocally loving act than sexual intercourse .
No chicken can move without having to push through other birds .
In the egg industry , hens can barely move at all , because they are crammed into wire cages , which makes it possible to stack them in tiers , one above the other .
When this grain , which humans could eat directly , is fed to chickens , they use some of it to create bones and feathers and other body parts that we can not eat .
Supporters of factory farming often point out that bird flu can be spread by free-range flocks , or by wild ducks and other migrating birds , who may join the free-range birds to feed with them or drop their feces while flying overhead .
They are frequently infested with mice , rats , and other animals that can bring in diseases .
If we can teach people what is best , Socrates and Plato seem to have thought , they will do it .
This fits well with what psychologists have discovered about how we can improve the odds that we will keep our resolutions .
In his recently released book 59 Seconds , Wiseman sets out the things that you can do to make success more likely :
These tools for keeping a New Year 's resolution can help us to make progress , not only in losing weight or staying out of debt , but also in living more ethically .
But then , bad government can also contribute to the toll exacted by a natural disaster .
Once it can be done reliably , it will pave the way for important medical breakthroughs .
The death of the trainer is a tragedy , and one can only have sympathy for her family .
Moreover , the degree of confinement in an aquarium is extreme , for no tank , no matter how large , can come close to meeting the needs of animals who spend their lives in social groups swimming long distances in the ocean .
Their living conditions are deplorable , especially in traveling circuses where cages have to be small so that they can go on the road .
That something so significant could spring up independently of governments and big business led many to believe that the Internet can bring the world a new type of freedom .
Technology can be used for good or for bad , and it is too soon to reach a verdict on the Internet . -LRB- In the eighteenth century , who could have foreseen that the development of the steam engine would have an impact on earth 's climate ? -RRB-
The price we are willing to pay for safety can not be infinite .
Once he knows of it , the decision is his to make , because only he can judge the importance of his journey , and balance that against the risk he is running .
Air safety is slightly different , because a crashing plane can kill people on the ground , but the greatest risks by far are borne by the passengers and crew .
These strings spell out , in code , a Web site address , the names of the researchers , and apt quotations , such as Richard Feynman 's `` What I can not build , I can not understand . ''
There are good grounds for objecting to turning a sentient being into a patented laboratory tool , but it is not so easy to see why patent law should not cover newly designed bacteria or algae , which can feel nothing and may be as useful as any other invention .
One day , we may be able to design bacteria that can quickly , safely , and effectively clean up oil spills .
Why should the fact that you can get away with cheating mean that you are not culpable ?
Sometimes when the ball is caught the umpire can not be sure if the ball has touched the edge of the bat .
Yes , we can deal with the problem to some extent by using modern technology or video replays to review controversial refereeing decisions .
Corrupt rulers can use the billions they receive from oil and mining corporations for personal extravagance , or to buy arms for troops to crush democratic resistance movements .
Of course , transparency alone can not prevent this , but it will show everyone how much the rulers are getting , and who is funding them .
On its Web site , Wikileaks quotes the US Supreme Court ruling in that case : `` only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government . ''
They may suffocate in the net , because , with their gills constricted , they can not breathe . If not , they may remain trapped for many hours before the nets are pulled in .
Is it because they can not give voice to their pain ?
And , if the diamond industry can put itself on an ethical footing , it might send a message to other industries that deal in resources that are effectively being stolen from some of the world 's poorest people .
But recent research suggests that we can use some help .
How , they asked themselves , can we give people stronger incentives to keep their resolutions and achieve their personal goals ?
You can find their answer at a Web site they helped to start , www.stickK.com . , where you can make a Commitment Contract , which obliges you to reach a goal of your own choosing .
Then , as an incentive to fulfill your commitment , you can decide on a penalty that you must pay if you fail .
Better yet , you can specify that you will have to pay a certain sum to a cause that you detest .
For example , the wide availability of electronic gaming machines and online gambling makes it difficult for `` problem gamblers '' to stop gambling , even though they know that they are losing more than they can afford to lose .
The card allows the government to impose daily and monthly limits on the amount players can lose on electronic gaming machines .
They can limit how much money they will spend , or how long they will spend at a machine at any one time .
But when the temptations are not immediately present , we can erect barriers to them that make us less likely to succumb when they return .
Knowing that we can control our own behavior makes it more likely that we will .
No matter how hard a tiger mom pushes , not every student can finish first -LRB- unless , of course , we make everyone `` top of the class '' -RRB- .
I agree with Chua to this extent : a reluctance to tell a child what to do can go too far .
The resolution can thus be seen as another incremental step towards the establishment of a global system of justice able to punish those who commit gross violations of human rights , regardless of their political or legal status in their own country .
In addition to arguing that the responsibility to protect can justify military intervention , the International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty recommended a set of precautionary principles .
Perhaps the rebels and the sanctions can overthrow Qaddafi unaided , without great loss of life .
And the library could include not only books and articles , but also paintings , music , films , and every other form of creative expression that can be captured in digital form .
So , while Chin 's decision is a temporary setback on the way to a universal library , it provides an opportunity to reconsider how the dream can best be realized .
The central issue is this : how can we make books and articles -- not just snippets , but entire works -- available to everyone , while preserving the rights of the works ' creators ?
Just as inventors are given patents so that they can profit from their inventions for a limited time , so , too , authors were originally given copyright for a relatively short period -- in the US , it was initially only 14 years from the first publication of the work .
If we can put a man on the Moon and sequence the human genome , we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library .
This is a situation in which we must stretch our imagination , to understand and be motivated by the good that we are doing . Unfortunately , not everyone can do that .
Among philosophers , the view that moral judgments state objective truths has been out of fashion since the 1930 's , when logical positivists asserted that , because there seems to be no way of verifying the truth of moral judgments , they can not be anything other than expressions of our feelings or attitudes .
Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much `` what matters '' as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Many people assume that rationality is always instrumental : reason can tell us only how to get what we want , but our basic wants and desires are beyond the scope of reasoning .
Just as we can grasp the truth that 1 + 1 = 2 , so we can see that I have a reason to avoid suffering agony at some future time , regardless of whether I now care about , or have desires about , whether I will suffer agony at that time .
We can also have reasons -LRB- though not always conclusive reasons -RRB- to prevent others from suffering agony .
One major argument against objectivism in ethics is that people disagree deeply about right and wrong , and this disagreement extends to philosophers who can not be accused of being ignorant or confused .
If great thinkers like Immanuel Kant and Jeremy Bentham disagree about what we ought to do , can there really be an objectively true answer to that question ?
Unless he can show that objectivism is true , he believes , nothing matters .
PRINCETON -- Mahatma Gandhi acutely observed that `` the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . '' To seek to reduce the suffering of those who are completely under one 's domination , and unable to fight back , is truly a mark of a civilized society .
If the evidence can not be provided , stunning before slaughter will be required in the Netherlands .
The sickening footage available online shows bears kept in cages so small that they can not stand up , or in some cases move at all , so that bile can be taken from them .
Worse still -LRB- if one can compare such atrocities -RRB- is a video showing fur-bearing animals being skinned alive and thrown onto a pile of other animals , where they are left to die slowly .
China 's centralized government can , if it so chooses , ensure that animal-welfare laws apply throughout the country .
Without the Commission 's approval , it can not go ahead .
Bush , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people .
We can also accept that al-Zawahiri is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
Perhaps this particular attack can be justified on those grounds .
Nevertheless , the doctrine that it is acceptable to take actions that will foreseeably kill innocent people can have the effect of leading us to treat more lightly than we should the deaths of those killed .
We can be quite sure that American forces would not have acted in the same way if the civilians nearby had been other Americans .
Whereas the centrality of the state in human affairs is a modern , European development , traditional societies like India or Pakistan have always regarded the state as no more than a necessary evil , since large societies can not be managed on the old tribal basis .
For Muslims , all sovereignty vests in God ; indeed , nothing whatever exists or can exist outside of Him .
As Eaton puts it , the Koran 's insistence that `` there is no god but God '' can also be interpreted to mean that `` there is no legislator but the Legislator . ''
So the central issue in Islam has not been whether the state can be separated from religion , but whether society can be so separated .
It can not , which is why no Muslim state can be fully secular .
Indeed , the issue that now lies at Pakistan 's core is whether it can become a theocratic state .
Once again , we see how misplaced Western national priorities can bring ruin on a non-Western nation .
Of course , a grave question arises about the now-ruling Supreme Council of the Military High Command in Egypt : How can the enforcers of the status quo become the agents of change ?
But nothing that Obama , or anyone else , says can answer the question now occupying the attention of senior US officials : Will the coming of popular sovereignty to Egypt inevitably lead to anti-Americanism ?
And Obama will be keen to know what help India can provide with Iran , a country with which India has smooth relations , owing to their shared worries over Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Another feature of such summits -- the trading of lists of `` must do '' and `` can do '' items -- also should be retired .
India must make clear -- and the US must recognize -- that a sub-continental country of a billion-plus people can not be kept within the categorical confines of `` South Asia . ''
What can the two countries do , separately and together ?
Only through such acceptance can the two countries chart a common future .
In these circumstances , if Iran is offered a diplomatic ladder that it can climb down with its dignity intact -- above all , a credible promise of an historic reconciliation with the US that includes specific economic benefits , not Obama 's current vague offers -- a tired revolution 's troubled leadership might take it .
Emigration countries gain because their nationals can earn an income in Western Europe that , for all but the most marginal migrant , is more than sufficient to compensate for the loss of domestic value added and the subjective and objective costs of migration .
Partially delayed integration rather than transition periods or quotas is a market-oriented solution that can maintain Europe 's welfare states and enable it to grow and develop to its true potential .
While many economists judge Germany 's strategy the worst and America 's the best , the Scandinavian strategy can be considered a second-best strategy .
At best , it seems that the time path of extractions can be tilted toward the future .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
While German permanent civil servants can not be fired , nor are they allowed to strike .
Oil pressed from rapeseed can be used as diesel fuel , and maize or sugar beets can yield ethanol to replace gasoline .
The so-called tortilla crisis , which led to protests in Mexico City in January , foreshadows what we can expect .
Thus , the world can not help but be pulled down by a US slump .
But the Fed can not endow the banks with new equity capital and prevent a credit crunch .
Given that investment banks can only attain high rates of return in a world with volatile asset prices and short-term performance goals , companies pressure their managers to follow suit .
Often , securities are created that are backed by sophisticated portfolios containing good and bad assets whose true risk can not easily be assessed .
To do so , they develop complicated legal claim structures that hardly anyone can fully understand and operate with too little equity capital to cover the risks .
While the pact says that a government can not borrow more than 3 % of its GDP , Germany 's public-finance deficit reached 3.7 % of GDP and more from 2002 to 2004 .
Nowadays , people move faster than statistical offices can count them .
These are areas where there is not much that the state can do to help .
It can cut taxes to stimulate consumption and it can invest in construction , but these sectors currently need little help , except perhaps for the automobile industry .
Moreover , even if prices on average exhibit some downward flexibility , deflation necessarily increases the real rate of interest , given that nominal interest rates can not fall below zero .
But the ECB , whose only mandate is to maintain price stability , can not pursue this policy without fundamental changes in legislation .
Moreover , this scenario can not take place before the slump has turned into a boom .
This made it possible for US households to stop saving and enjoy an exorbitant consumption level , but it stood on its head the conventional wisdom that capital should flow from rich to poor countries , where it can more productively be invested .
It can only be hoped that the political leaders who shape the course of the twenty-first century will be wise enough to avoid such an outcome .
If a Pfandbrief is not serviced , one can take the issuing bank to court .
If the bank goes bankrupt , the holder of the covered bond has a direct claim against the homeowner , who can not escape payment by simply returning his house key .
And if the homeowner goes bankrupt , the home can be sold to service the debt .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
Since the United Kingdom itself is a large capital importer , we can assume that the City is not holding the paper itself but merely restructuring it and then selling it to the world under a new name and with the London stamp on it .
No other country can offer its international clients such a broad variety of industrial products .
A favorable assessment can not rest on the fact that the overall German value-added in exports has been growing because this is simply an effect of the German specialization in export-related production .
At bottom , the coincidence of unemployment and booming exports can be explained by the high and rigid wages from which Germany still suffers .
As a result , these labor-intensive sectors must release a lot of labor and capital , which push into the capital-intensive export sectors that are better able to cope with high wages . But , while these sectors therefore grow especially fast , their high capital intensity means that they can not fully employ the released labor , with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state .
According to the directive 's preamble , the state can not cite insufficient assets as a reason to refuse a residence permit , as this would be inadmissible discrimination .
If he becomes indigent after receiving a residence permit , he can not automatically be returned to his home country , as was possible before .
Nor can the duration of the residence permit be shortened simply because the immigrant claims welfare assistance .
The host country can not deny this right even if an immigrant has no health insurance and no resources to live on .
The G8 can take four steps towards these ends .
First , it can ensure that its members are on track to double aid to Africa by 2010 .
Second , it can focus new resources in critical areas such as education , malaria , agriculture , and infrastructure , and ensure that most funding goes to well-governed countries .
Third , it can complete the process of debt relief for countries that have not received it , and help protect poor countries from predatory commercial creditors .
Finally , it can expand market access for African exporters , especially by redoubling efforts to complete the Doha round of global trade talks .
My own country , Liberia , embodies Africa 's emerging hope and the progress that can be made through a commitment to good governance and strong international support .
We hope that the G8 can help finalize these arrangements , and can help us ensure that the costs of debt relief are shared among all creditors , including those from the private sector .
But Indonesia can do so only if it demonstrates an unrelenting commitment to anti-terrorist policies .
In essence , extremism and fundamentalism can be countered only from within the faith .
The fight will not be easy , but it can be won .
With the world expected to continue growing rapidly , there are excellent investment opportunities that will be funded only if capital continues to move into countries that can use it productively .
While this has become more difficult , countries can still choose -- at least to some degree -- how open they are to capital inflows .
In other words , do n't jump into the water unless you can swim .
The latter , in turn , provides strong incentives for countries to address institutional shortcomings so that they can reap the potential benefits of external financial liberalization .
Indeed , several large oil exporters and Asian manufacturing exporters will have sizable surpluses for as long as we can forecast .
It means that the fund can look forward to several years of surpluses .
The best way to guard against this is to open a special account with an independent central bank , where the fund can be kept safely out of the reach of politicians .
This is true , but the same result can be achieved by paying off foreign debt , which is a better policy , especially at the outset , when the fund is trying to build up credibility .
Properly used , an oil fund can contribute to this aim , but it should do so indirectly , by promoting domestic financial stability .
And Kai Eide , the United Nations Secretary-General 's special representative in Afghanistan , has agreed that the situation can not be stabilized by military means alone .
Strike hard who cares -- shoot straight who can --
That today 's global financial meltdown is the direct consequence of the West 's worship of false gods is a proposition that can not be discussed , much less acknowledged .
Scratch around the rubble , however , and one can come up with useful fragments .
This time it is the buyer who knows more than the seller , since the buyer knows his risk behavior , physical health , and so on . The insurer faces `` adverse selection , '' because he can not distinguish between good and bad risks .
But a moment 's thought will show why these models can not explain today 's general crisis .
So these models can not explain a situation in which everyone , or almost everyone , is losing -- or , for that matter , winning -- at the same time .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
But it makes an enormous practical difference that an incumbent ruler can do a lot more future damage to his people than an ex-ruler , and therefore should be given no incentive to retaliate .
Whatever the attractions of giving criminals `` nowhere to hide , whatever the consequences , '' the consequences can not be ignored when the criminals are heads of state .
The policy of never negotiating with terrorists can not be scaled up to state level when hundreds of thousands of lives are at stake .
It can do this indefinitely , and it seems likely that it will .
They believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force Bashir to mend his ways .
If the world can dispense justice only at the expense of the weak and to the advantage of the strong , it should stick to the older tools of crime prevention : force and negotiation , and leave justice out of it .
One can argue that economic performance would have been even better with less government intervention .
As long as central government takes responsibility for maintaining a high and stable level of employment , Keynes thought , most of the rest of economic life can be left free of official interference .
The development discussion today is essentially about how such preconditions of poverty reduction and economic growth can be achieved without colonialism .
The rest of the world can no longer afford Africa 's poverty .
The underlying problem , though , is that both regulators and bankers continue to rely on mathematical models that promise more than they can deliver for managing financial risks .
There are simply too many `` nations , '' actual or potential , to form the basis of a world system of states , not least because so many of them , having been jumbled up for centuries , can not now be disentangled .
Micro-states can never be made small enough to satisfy their advocates ' exalted standards of cultural integrity .
The way forward lies in democratic forms of federalism , which can preserve sufficient central authority for the purposes of statehood , while respecting local and regional cultures .
In the absence of an actual world government , this can be done only through cooperation among states .
If actual output is below potential output , this means that total spending is insufficient to buy what the economy can produce .
Government can either spend more money itself , or try to stimulate private spending by cutting taxes or lowering interest rates .
Some economists -- admittedly a diminishing number -- deny that there can ever be an output gap .
This can be illustrated by a simple example .
Several conclusions can be drawn from what admittedly are back of the envelope calculations .
Personal honor can no longer be relied upon to keep legislators straight .
Societies can decide to protect trust-based ways of life by limiting the scope of developments that undermine it .
A central bank can print money , but it can not ensure that the money it prints is spent .
The main idea is to reduce the risks that can be taken by any financial institution that is backed by the federal government .
In other words , neither major party can afford to blurt out the awkward truth : how much deficit reduction any government can achieve will depend on what happens to the economy over the next five years , and no one can say anything for certain about that .
With a mental effort , the layperson can then imagine these poisonous sausages , otherwise known as `` toxic assets , '' spreading through the world 's banks , ruining their digestions and crippling the economies they are meant to serve .
Because no social system can survive for long without a moral basis , the issues posed by anti-globalization campaigners are urgent -- all the more so in the midst of the current economic crisis .
People can decide when to stop consuming or what they want to consume .
These `` deep '' axioms are implicit in economics as well , but , if left unscrutinized , they can steer policymakers into a blind alley .
Indeed , all Western governments , with the exception of the Obama administration , are committed to retrenchment -- and Obama can not get a new stimulus package through Congress .
In other words , there can never be involuntary , or unwanted , unemployment .
This reinforces the idea that `` stimulus '' can not do any good , since workers have as much employment as they want .
The classical view of the economy , which Keynes set out to demolish , is not only alive , but in recent years has been dominant , feeding the belief that competitive markets can be left to regulate themselves , will always provide as much employment as is wanted , and are immune to large-scale collapse .
This also fuels opposition to government intervention , and to `` stimulus '' policies , which are supposedly redundant , if not harmful , since the events that require them can not happen -LRB- but do -RRB- .
On the contrary , as they explain , if there are unemployed resources , extra government spending can `` crowd in '' private spending by creating additional demand that would otherwise not exist .
Events and common sense drove them to deficit finance in 2009-2010 , but they have not abandoned the theory that depressions can not happen , and that deficits are therefore always harmful -LRB- except in war ! -RRB- .
Indeed , even the most camera-shy academic can suddenly find himself a TV star in Russia .
The only recent Western political leader I can think of who had the confidence to do this was Bill Clinton .
No country , or civilization , can entirely transcend its history : but each history offers many different possibilities .
He can not openly challenge Putin 's legacy , but he has to position himself as reaching beyond Putin .
It is a difficult balancing act , because Putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created .
We can learn from the experience of the 1930 's .
But all countries can not simultaneously run trade surpluses .
Keynes wrote at the time : `` Some people seem to infer ... that output and income can be raised by increasing the quantity of money .
How much longer can this continue ?
Capitalism 's defenders sometimes argue that the spirit of acquisitiveness is so deeply ingrained in human nature that nothing can dislodge it .
One can imagine a society of private wealth holders , whose main objective is to lead good lives , not to turn their wealth into `` capital . ''
A `` strongman '' who can not keep order in the streets is of no use to anyone .
But Western democracies ' combination of freedom and order -- the West 's most precious gift to the world -- is the product of a long history that can not be replicated in short order .
Non-Western political systems are typically archaic : good rulers can sleep soundly at night , while bad rulers face continual danger of overthrow from the army or the streets .
But , taking the long view , can anyone doubt that the invasion had the effect of shaking up the pieces , not just in Iraq , but across the Islamic chessboard ?
That is why I am not at all sure that the street uprisings in Egypt , following those in Tunisia , and now spreading to other Muslim-majority countries , can be interpreted simply as traditional forms of protest against bad rulers .
Surely , this sentiment can be traced back to the US invasion and forcible overthrow of Saddam Hussein .
If we want to hold fast to any vision of progress , this is an indispensable role , and only America can play it today .
Ferguson , too , can make a sound argument for such a proposition .
A speculator can `` short '' a government by borrowing its debt at its current price , in the hope of selling it later at a lower price and pocketing the difference .
Of course , a single short seller can not `` make '' the price of an asset -LRB- unless he is George Soros , whose famous bet against the British pound in 1992 made him a billionaire and forced Britain out of the European exchange-rate mechanism -RRB- .
But if a bunch of speculators decide -LRB- rightly or wrongly -RRB- that a government 's debt is overpriced , they can force down its price , thereby forcing up its yield -LRB- the interest rate that the government must pay -RRB- .
If the attack persists , speculators can force a government to default on its debt , unless it can find a way to finance its borrowing more cheaply .
Moreover , no one can predict the discovery of new knowledge ; if they could , it would already have been discovered .
No one who is not well versed in financial legerdemain can make much sense of this battle of the bonds .
Instead , it has agreed to establish bailout mechanisms such as the European Financial Stability Facility and the European Financial Stabilization Mechanism , which can lend up to ¤ 500 billion -LRB- $ 680 billion -RRB- combined , with the International Monetary Fund providing an additional ¤ 250 billion .
Heavily indebted eurozone members can apply to borrow from them at less than the commercial rate , conditional on their committing to ever more drastic fiscal austerity .
In short , the new regulatory philosophy replaces the illusion that banks can safely be left to manage their risks with the illusion that regulators will do it for them .
In their classical religious form , such beliefs rely on signs and omens , like earthquakes and sunspots , which can be interpreted , by reference to biblical passages , as portending a great cataclysm and cleansing .
Thus , apocalyptic moments are products of a sense of crisis : they can be triggered by wars and natural disasters .
But important scientific beliefs can now be said to be held religiously , rather than scientifically .
One can not imagine India or Brazil wanting to be part of any such a combination .
The neo-classical revolution believed that markets were much more cyclically stable than Keynes believed , that the risks in all market transactions can be known in advance , and that prices will therefore always reflect objective probabilities .
What gives economics the appearance of a science is that its propositions can be expressed mathematically by abstracting from many decisive characteristics of the real world .
If we can not do what it takes to make them more effective , we will increasingly find that nations will bypass them altogether .
It thus set the stage for UN officials to establish the `` Rules of Engagement '' -LRB- ROEs -RRB- for its peacekeepers , which dictate when and under what circumstances UN troops can fire their weapons to defend themselves .
Instead , the job falls to the Lebanese government and armed forces , who need all the help they can get from the international community .
Lawyers can not practice without judges to hear their cases .
Within these limited areas , independent judges and the lawyers who can argue before them have a home .
And judges can not strike down legislation .
Obviously , this scale limits the speed with which new prime movers can be introduced to replace any significant share of the old devices .
There is also another level of solidarity , which we can call universal or global solidarity .
A `` revolt of the middle classes '' that increasingly refuse to pay for society 's `` underdogs '' is accompanied by budgetary constraints that can also make solidarity seem a luxury .
Such a tendency can contribute to a further weakening of solidarity and deepening of intra-European divisions .
But can a Kerry-led US get a fresh start in Europe ?
Their leaders can scarcely hold their tongues , so badly do they want a Kerry victory .
Europe can not give an openly negative answer to Kerry 's request for help , because that would be a slap in the face to the most pro-European American likely to be elected president anytime soon .
Europe 's military means may be limited , but it has important experience in peacekeeping and `` state building '' that can be brought to bear .
With the Taliban on the run , sighs of relief can be heard as far away as Indonesia .
Grumbling about her `` slow motion '' style of government can be heard everywhere ; applause for her few accomplishments - such as weathering the Islamic storm - is slight .
Such inaction can not last if national unity is to be maintained .
Nothing is completely isolated , and `` foreign affairs '' no longer exists : everything has become national , even personal . Other people 's problems are now our problems , and we can no longer look on them with indifference , or hope to reap some personal gain from them .
The weak , when certain that they can not win , can hurt the strongest -- and even make them lose . In contrast to the centuries-old Westphalian order of nation-states , in which each state 's specific weight was the determining factor , in a world of interdependency , the security , economic stability , health , and environment of the strongest is continually a hostage of the weakest .
Not surprisingly , a contagious globalization that increases vulnerability inevitably triggers preventive and defensive strategies that are not always proportionate or reasonable . The xenophobia and chauvinism that some of the defensive strategies can awaken may end up doing more harm than the threats from which they were intended to protect us .
So , in this era of global warming , smart bombs , cyber warfare , and worldwide epidemics , our societies must be protected with more complex and subtle strategies . We can not continue to pursue strategies that ignore our common exposure to global risks , and the resulting environment of mutual dependence .
The challenge of governing global risks is nothing less than the challenge of preventing the `` end of history '' -- not as the placid apotheosis of liberal democracy 's global victory , but as the worst collective failure we can imagine .
Only when we understand this can we develop appropriate and concrete policies .
I firmly believe that the military option alone can not defeat terror .
And the EU remains the only organization that can call on a full panoply of instruments and resources that complement the traditional foreign policy tools of its member states , both to pre-empt or prevent a crisis and to restore peace and rebuild institutions after a conflict .
Military action can not be considered the only variable of success .
The same can be said for transparency , accountability , and regulation of the bank tax .
This path can also ease US concerns about lower European defense spending .
But coordinating and sharing capacities can help both partners deal with the new nature of conflicts .
Here , the EU can exercise leadership , for this is a political process that has only just begun .
The US has been behind the curve from the moment the turmoil sparked , trying to play catch up as two authoritarian governments were toppled by popular protest and more regimes try to cling to power as long as they can .
Whereas the demands of Arab demonstrators concern governance at home , the current turmoil can be used to help end a conflict that has confounded the world for decades . Delaying the Israeli-Palestinian peace process would be a costly blunder .
For the US , sympathy for Arab publics yearning for freedom can not exclude compassion for Palestinians dreaming of lives of dignity , which for them includes ending the occupation .
To argue that peacemaking ca n't be successful when governments and regimes are in flux ignores the fact that it is precisely in such circumstances that outsiders can help shape the process .
The good that Turkey can bring to Europe was visible even before the `` Arab Spring . ''
How can the EU expect other powers to apply multilateral principles that it ignores ?
The Greening of Work MONACO -- When environment ministers from some 100 countries meet here on February 20-22 for UNEP 's Governing Council and Environmental Forum , talks will focus on environmentally friendly `` green growth '' and ways and means by which the world can achieve a low-carbon economy .
Now , after one generation of economic and demographic stagnation , the welfare state can be financed only by issuing more public debt .
Such an ambiguous declaration can be interpreted either as active support for the Russian police or as passive collaboration .
Clearly , human-right activists in Russia can not and should not count on Microsoft as an ally in their efforts to build a more open society .
These tools can be used by Iranians fighting dictatorship , or by Tibetan dissidents trying to save their culture .
They also can be used to compute the number of exterminated Jews , to arrest a Chinese dissident , or to break a human-rights group in Russia .
That is a worrying trend , and not only for Japan : South Korea can hardly stand alone as the lone Asian democracy .
That discriminatory pattern can be found everywhere in Western Europe as well .
Anybody can grasp how child benefits for the wealthy or retirement at only 62 is unjustifiable .
Intuitively , the middle class can see that this is the end of an era .
Only the United States can indefinitely print its own currency and increase its debt .
Like the Mona Lisa in the Louvre , the French Revolution 's clarion call for universal rights can be admired only from behind bullet-proof glass , and it is definitely too precious to be exported .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy tries to rekindle growth through the protectionist defense of `` national industries '' and huge investments in public infrastructure , so what more can Socialists ask for ?
When the right has turned statist and Keynesian , the free market 's true believers are marginalized , and old-style anti-capitalism seems archaic , one wonders what Socialism in Europe can possibly mean ?
It can cling to office , as José Zapatero is doing in Spain and Gordon Brown is doing in the UK .
When one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries , the law can vary , but cooptation is the usual rule of the game : a successful judge or prosecutor , in order to climb the professional ladder , must follow the guidance of his peers and increase the influence of his corporation .
The idea that might is right can not be reconciled with the idea of an open society . Hence the need for Orwellian doublespeak .
Those who make such claims are bound to be wrong at times , and so can enforce their claims only by coercion and repression .
In the long run , open society can not survive unless the people who live in it believe in it .
Brazil 's problems can not be blamed on anything Brazil has done wrong ; responsibility falls squarely on international financial authorities .
But there can be no lender of last resort without a modicum of moral hazard .
Once we recognize the problem , solutions can be found .
The right question to ask is this : what level of interest rates can be reconciled with reasonable growth ?
A primary surplus of 3.75 % then becomes the maximum , not the minimum , that can be exacted , and it can support real interest rates of not more than 10 % .
The world 's task is to find instruments that can minimize the possibility of moral hazard and yet keep the level of real risk within tolerable bounds .
This is why financial markets can not be left to their own devices .
At the same time , Brazil - which has followed sound economic policies and has healthy budget and trade surpluses - can not refinance its debt at acceptable rates .
It is now recognized that this can lead to what economists call `` multiple equilibria , '' but we continue to deny the clear implication that financial markets can not be left to their own devices .
Countries that can not borrow in international markets in their own currency lack that power .
What can prevent the situation from deteriorating further and perhaps culminating in a systemic crisis ?
If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10 % , Brazil can not be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system .
Most importantly , a small but growing core of experienced and dedicated young Roma leaders is emerging who can work both within their communities and with governments to overcome poverty and discrimination .
We can not afford to leave the Roma behind .
If Americans reject the president 's policies at the polls , America can write off the Bush Doctrine as a temporary aberration and resume its rightful place in the world .
America 's most recent campaign finance law attempts to limit the influence that special interests can gain by financing candidates and so level the playing field between the Republican and Democratic parties .
He relies on donors he calls `` Pioneers , '' who collect $ 100,000 apiece in campaign contributions in increments that fall within the legal limit of $ 2,000 that any individual can give , and on those he calls `` Rangers , '' who collect at least $ 200,000 .
According to the European security document adopted in 2003 , `` It is in the interest of the European Union to promote a ring of well-governed countries on its borders with whom it can enjoy close and cooperative relations . ''
But the initiative can not fulfill its great promise as long as it stays within the Brussels bureaucracy .
This is of vital interest to Europe but it can not succeed without adequate political and financial support .
While the EU can not hold out the prospect of membership , Russia is happy to offer membership in a reconstituted empire .
Georgia itself needs all the help it can get , which requires an emergency action plan different from the others .
It is easy to see how terrorism can lead to torture .
That attitude can not be reconciled with an open society , a concept based on the recognition that nobody possesses ultimate truth .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
Today , no single country or combination of countries can stand up to American military might .
Americans can not do anything they want , but little can be done without US leadership or active participation .
But democracy can not be imposed by force .
Saddam Hussein was a tyrant , and Iraqis - and the world - can rejoice in being rid of him .
The Bush administration can be criticized for many other policies , but none are as important as Iraq .
Similarly , Bush recognizes that outsiders can not force liberty on people .
But the critical process that is at the core of an open society -- which the US abandoned for eighteen months after September 11 , 2001 -- can not be forsaken .
If it is freedom and democracy that are wanted , they can be fostered only by strengthening international law and international institutions .
Bush is right to assert that repressive regimes can no longer hide behind a cloak of sovereignty : what goes on inside tyrannies and failed states is of vital interest to the rest of the world .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
Only by taking these lessons to heart can progress be made towards the lofty goals that Bush announced .
Taken together , these factors ensure that the war on terror can not be won .
We can escape it only if we Americans repudiate the war on terror as a false metaphor .
Popper pointed out that an open society can be endangered by abstract , universal ideologies like communism and fascism .
Because these ideologies ' claim to be in possession of the ultimate truth is bound to be false , they can be imposed on society only through repression and compulsion .
The EU can not possibly take the place of the US as the world 's leader .
But it can set an example , both within its own borders and beyond .
What this means in principle can be stated concisely : the EU needs a common foreign policy .
But the EU can set an example of international cooperation that the US , under a different leadership -- which is bound to come -- would eventually emulate .
Many of these techniques were developed in connection with the advertising and marketing of commercial products and services , and then adapted to politics . Their distinguishing feature is that they can be bought for money .
That fact casts doubt on Karl Popper 's concept of open society , which is based on the recognition that , while perfect knowledge is unattainable , we can gain a better understanding of reality by engaging in critical thinking .
But in politics the electorate 's perception of reality can be easily manipulated .
The separation of powers , free speech , and free elections alone can not ensure open society ; a strong commitment to the pursuit of truth is also required .
We need to introduce new ground rules for political discourse . These can not be identical to scientific method , but they should be similar in character , enshrining the pursuit of truth as the criteria on which political views are to be judged .
The most effective techniques operate at the subconscious level . When emotions can be aroused by methods that bypass consciousness , the public is left largely defenseless .
What we have learned from recent years ' experience -- what we should have known all along -- is that the supremacy of critical thought in political discourse can not be taken for granted .
It can be ensured only by an electorate that respects reality and punishes politicians who lie or engage in other forms of deception .
The package can , however , prepare the ground by modifying bankruptcy law as it relates to principal residences .
Not every bank deserves to be saved , but the experts at the Federal Reserve , with proper supervision , can be counted on to make the right judgments .
The objection that they would take too long to serve a countercyclical purpose can be rejected on the grounds that the recession is also likely to last a long time .
Countries on the periphery tend to be poorer and more dependent on commodities than the more developed world , and they must repay more than $ 1.4 trillion in bank loans in 2009 alone . These loans can not be rolled over without international assistance .
The US has recognized that only using the credit of the state to the fullest extent possible can reverse the collapse of credit in the private sector .
Both positions are firmly held and can be buttressed by arguments that are valid from the point of view of the country concerned .
As things stand now , the G-20 meeting will produce some concrete results : the resources of the International Monetary Fund are likely to be effectively doubled , mainly by using the mechanism of the New Arrangement to Borrow -LRB- NAB -RRB- , which can be activated without resolving the vexing question of reapportioning voting rights in the IFIs .
Former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and others have argued that if markets ca n't recognize bubbles , neither can regulators .
They can then correct their mistakes .
As a result , market risks can be equated with the risks confronting individual market participants .
But markets are subject to imbalances that individual participants may ignore if they think they can offload their positions on someone else .
Regulators , by contrast , can not ignore these imbalances , because if too many participants are on the same side , positions can not be liquidated without causing a discontinuity or , worse , financial collapse .
Losing on a long position reduces one 's risk exposure , while losing on a short position increases it , so one can be more patient being long and wrong than being short and wrong .
The negative effect is reinforced by the fact that , because CDS contracts are tradable , they tend to be priced as warrants , which can be sold at any time , rather than as options , which would require an actual default to be cashed in .
The dollar no longer enjoys the trust and confidence that it once did , yet no other currency can take its place .
The system can not survive in its present form , and the US has more to lose by not being in the forefront of reforming it .
It can no longer impose its will on others , as George W. Bush 's administration sought to do , but it could lead a cooperative effort to involve both the developed and the developing world , thereby reestablishing American leadership in an acceptable form .
Humpty Dumpty can not be put together again .
But the global financial system that emerged was fundamentally unstable , because it was built on the false premise that financial markets can be safely left to their own devices .
That is why it broke down , and that is why it can not be put together again .
Businesses would move to countries where the regulatory climate is the most benign , exposing other countries to risks that they can not afford to run .
This can be seen in Europe , where the European Union 's member states can not agree among themselves on a uniform set of financial rules .
How , then , can the rest of the world ?
They can be used only by converting them into one of four currencies , at which point they begin to carry interest at those currencies ' combined treasury-bill rate .
Spain , which has been more successful in dealing with its Roma problem than other countries , can take the lead this month as it assumes the European Union presidency .
Spain can be justly proud of the way it has dealt with its own Roma minority .
When the financial system is in danger of collapsing , the central bank can provide liquidity , but only a treasury can deal with problems of solvency .
If member countries can not take the next steps forward , the euro may fall apart , with adverse consequences for the EU .
The most effective solution would be to issue jointly and separately guaranteed eurobonds to refinance , say , 75 % of the maturing debt , as long as Greece meets its agreed-upon targets , leaving Greece to finance the rest of its needs as best it can .
The question is whether the political will to take these steps can be generated .
NEW YORK -- Goldman Sachs , we can be sure , will vigorously contest the civil suit brought against it by the United States Security and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- .
Such activity can not be allowed to continue .
Ordinary securities must be registered with the SEC before they can be traded .
Derivatives can serve many useful purposes , but they also contain hidden dangers .
For instance , they can pile up hidden imbalances in supply or demand , which may suddenly be revealed when a threshold is breached .
The subsequent introduction of circuit-breakers tacitly acknowledged that derivatives can cause disruptions , but the proper conclusions were not drawn .
But , because they are freely tradable , they can be used to mount bear raids -- a type of stock market strategy by which a trader -LRB- or group of traders -RRB- attempts to force down the price of a stock to cover a short position .
It will be the task of regulators to understand derivatives and synthetic securities , and to refuse to allow their creation if they can not fully evaluate the systemic risks .
That task can not be left to investors , contrary to the diktats of the market fundamentalist dogma that prevailed until recently .
The only plausible explanation is that tailor-made derivatives can facilitate tax avoidance and manipulation of earnings .
Germany can not be blamed for wanting a strong currency and a balanced budget , but as the strongest and most creditworthy country , it is unwittingly imposing its deflationary policies on the rest of the eurozone .
The rest of Europe would become competitive and could grow its way out of its difficulties but Germany would find out how painful it can be to have an overvalued currency .
Roma want to and can integrate if they are given the opportunity , as my foundation 's programs have shown .
The plight of the Roma is not just a short-term security problem that can be addressed by draconian measures to move people forcibly from one member state to another .
Europe can not afford another lost generation .
China 's leaders need to recognize that their country can not continue rising without paying more attention to the interests of its trading partners .
Only China is in a position to initiate a process of international cooperation , because it can offer the enticement of renminbi appreciation .
With hindsight , one can identify other deficiencies in the euro of which its architects were unaware .
Both mistakes can be corrected .
With regard to the second problem , the interest rate on rescue packages should be reduced to the rate at which the EU itself can borrow on the market .
CANCÚN -- The official communiqué from the Cancún climate-change conference can not disguise the fact that there will be no successor to the Kyoto Protocol when it expires at the end of 2012 .
This sounds like bad news , because it means that there will be no international price on carbon , and , without a market price , it is difficult to see how the reduction of carbon emissions can be efficiently organized .
But appearances can be deceiving .
Currently , the dispute revolves around how governments will deliver $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to help developing countries confront climate change , given that even the $ 10 billion Fast Track Fund can not be cobbled together without using smoke and mirrors .
These efforts can serve as a prototype for assisting other countries such as Guyana , where the current forest-preservation scheme does not work so well .
The US , in turn , can not understand why China should be so reluctant to allow the renminbi to appreciate , as doing so would help to dampen inflationary pressures .
It is much more efficient than taxation as a means of skimming a significant share of payments for Chinese exports , which accrue as currency reserves and can be used at the central government 's discretion .
But the Chinese leadership declined the offer , explaining that China is a developing country that can hardly meet its own people 's needs .
Only if China pays closer attention to how it is perceived and accepted by the rest of the world can it continue to rise in a peaceful manner .
Otherwise , deficit countries will have no reason to hope that they can escape their predicament no matter how hard they work .
Indeed , these well-kept industry and government secrets can have serious and widespread repercussions .
If European regulators can agree on this requirement for all extractive-industry companies listed on their stock exchanges , this transparency norm will be applied to companies regardless of where their headquarters are located .
They labored under the misconception that financial markets can correct their own excesses , so the rules were designed to rein in only public-sector excesses .
And they offered an extended aid package to Greece without building a convincing case that the rescue can succeed : they arranged for the participation of bondholders in the Greek rescue package , but the arrangement benefited the banks more than Greece .
Only Germany can reverse the dynamic of disintegration in Europe .
Merkel can overcome political resistance only in a crisis atmosphere , and only in small steps .
The only way that Europe can escape from this trap is by acting in anticipation of financial markets ' reactions , rather than yielding to their pressure after the fact .
The question is whether the German public can be convinced of this argument .
And , just as importantly , they now understand that it is not enough to ensure that governments can finance their debt at reasonable interest rates ; they must also address the weakness of Europe 's banking system .
Governments can not afford to recapitalize the banks now ; it would leave them with insufficient funds to deal with the sovereign-debt problem .
Governments can , however , provide a credible guarantee , given their power to tax .
But , in the meantime , governments can call upon the European Central Bank , which the eurozone member states already fully guarantee on a pro rata basis .
Indeed , the crisis of 1997-99 can be at least in part attributed to the premature opening up of the capital markets of developing countries before their financial institutions were equal to the task .
The two objectives are connected : It is only by offering incentives that the IMF can exert stronger influence on the economic policies of individual countries prior to a country turning to the IMF in a crisis situation .
For example , the IMF currently has no power to impose burden-sharing , nor can it offer bankruptcy-type protection against creditor suits during debt re-organizations -LRB- United States Secretary of Treasury O'Neill recently indicated support for such a mechanism -RRB- .
But the main objections can not be addressed by the WTO itself .
As things stand now , no country can use trade sanctions to impose its own standards on another country when an imported product is physically the same as the nationally produced one .
It can be argued that this process has gone too far , posing an obstacle to research that is of great importance for the developing world .
This is so , we can rightfully assume , because human beings are the only beings that comprehend death -- that of others as well as our own .
It can be human gestures and actions , even when they are futile or squandered on the wrong people .
A state can threaten death , but , as many totalitarian regimes have learned , no one is stronger - and possibly more dangerous - than those who have overcome the fear of death .
We doggedly fight to prolong life , only to find that we can not win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence .
Next comes a desire to eliminate quietly those who can no longer be seen as members of the social world .
Moreover , in the absence of an impartial judge , a winner can always impose his `` truth '' upon the vanquished , as happened with the Treaty of Versailles after World War I.
The latter alone , provided no permanent member of the Security Council disagrees , can decide whether a war is legitimized by a `` just cause '' -LRB- nowadays generally a gross breach of human rights -RRB- .
Behind this is the notion that respect for human rights can be enforced externally , together with the hope that rulers will behave better because they recognize that they may be held accountable for violating human rights .
The flip side of the criminalization of `` aggressive '' war is the fact that peace is also no longer a reliable legal state that can be ended only by a formal declaration of war .
Countries unwilling or unable to prevent terrorist violence emanating from their territory forfeit their right to territorial integrity , and others can declare war on them to pursue the problem at its root .
But those who adhere to the motto `` Terror can only be countered with terror '' should remember who coined that phrase : Adolf Hitler .
Insufficient harmonization , however , has often allowed member states to erect barriers to competition , which can only be removed by consistent implementation of laws and standards .
No obvious solution to this problem exists in a multi-venue world , where `` best execution '' can neither be presumed nor categorically defined .
Some claim that smaller entities can fail without impairing the system , thus sparing taxpayers the cost of a bailout .
Or the conflicts can be limited by regulating the scope of financial institutions .
MILAN -- The late Milton Friedman said that a common currency -- that is , a monetary union -- can not be sustained without a deep form of economic and political union . By this , he meant an open economy that ensures the free flow of goods , labor , and capital , together with a disciplined central fiscal authority and a strong central bank .
But deflation is painful and can not realistically be pursued for political reasons .
One depends on emerging economies ' ability to manage their own success ; the other relates to the extent to which the global economy can accommodate this success .
While emerging economies can deal with the economic slowdown in industrial countries , the financial-sector transmission mechanism is more challenging .
As a result , the continued openness of industrial-country markets can not be taken for granted .
Financial and economic imbalance can lead to dangerous fiscal imbalance , as tax revenues plunge and social insurance and bailout expenditures rise .
Extreme fiscal imbalance can also lead to a growth trap in which fiscal consolidation has such a large negative effect on growth as to be self-defeating .
If systemic risk can cause this kind of cascading sequential imbalance , then the `` sovereign '' needs to be alert , competent at identifying rising systemic risk , and able to take corrective action early .
The issue can then be framed as follows : in the context of detecting and responding to systemic risk , which of the two types of errors has the higher expected costs ?
One can accept that there are costs to AWF .
Left unattended , these problems can cause widespread damage in a wide range of countries , many of which are innocent bystanders .
The G-20 can say the right things about cooperation .
This does not mean that recovery of households ' balance sheets can be ignored in the post-crisis period .
While this is just one part of a much more complex story , it seems unlikely that these and other non-tradable sectors can sustain employment growth in the future .
Apart from the need to deleverage for a few more years , the US economy faces longer-term problems with aggregate demand , employment , and income distribution that can not be solved through consumption and investment alone .
They can sustain relatively high growth rates in the face of weak and lengthy recoveries in the advanced countries , but not if there is a major downturn in North America or Europe -LRB- or both -RRB- , a serious outbreak of protectionism , or instability in global financial markets .
But such intervention can and must be far more precisely targeted than QE2 .
The economy can then use household savings -LRB- with appropriate financial intermediation -RRB- to finance corporate and government investment , rather than the US government .
Economies can learn faster than they can invent , so less developed countries can achieve much faster growth than was experienced by today 's industrialized countries when they were becoming wealthy .
First , extreme financial distress can bring down the real economy , with a shortage of credit being the most potent channel .
But where has that process led , where is it taking us now , and , perhaps most importantly , how can we influence its course ?
A rising nominal and real exchange rate can propel structural change ; a weak-currency policy is a trap .
Their growth patterns and strategies , and the tradeoffs and choices they make with respect to lifestyle , urbanization , transportation , the environment , and energy efficiency , will largely determine whether their economies can complete the long transition to advanced-income levels .
Emerging countries ' resilience will not extend to double-dip recessions in America and Europe : they can not offset sharp falls in advanced-country demand by themselves , notwithstanding their healthy public-sector balance sheets .
As a result , the large non-tradable sector and the domestic-demand portion of the tradable sector can not serve as engines of growth and employment .
Combined with their low and declining GDP growth prospects , their debt burdens are becoming sufficiently onerous to raise questions about whether they can stabilize the situation and restore growth on their own .
There is little recognition that domestic aggregate demand can not be restored to its pre-crisis levels except through growth .
Stability can return , but not until domestic policy in the advanced countries , together with international policy coordination , credibly shifts to restoring a pattern of inclusive growth , with fiscal stabilization carried out in a way that supports growth and employment .
MILAN -- As the American economy continues to sputter three years after the global financial crisis erupted , one thing has become clear : the United States can not generate higher rates of growth in GDP and employment without a change in the mix of the economy 's domestic and export-oriented components .
Government can not solve the problem alone , much less make the problem go away overnight .
But government can take action that improves productivity , investment returns , and conditions for innovation , thereby increasing the pace and enhancing the long-term results of structural adjustment .
Hedge funds can also destabilize the system , as the collapse of Long Term Capital Management in 1998 demonstrated .
While a relatively high and sustainable growth pattern can be achieved , it will take time .
Waiting around for the advanced countries to right their ships so that we can all go back to the old normal is neither good policy nor a good bet .
So the most important question the US now faces is whether continued fiscal and monetary stimulus can , as some believe , help to right the economy .
Counter-cyclical policy can moderate these negative effects , but it can not undo the damage or accelerate the recovery beyond fairly strict limits .
That restructuring will occur , deficit spending or no deficit spending . So policy needs to acknowledge the fact that there are limits to how fast this restructuring can be accomplished .
Low-cost credit is unlikely to have a significant impact on consumption in the short run , but it can produce asset inflation and misallocations .
On the other hand , to secure that promise of peace and stability , Europeans must recognize that the Union is not and can not be perceived as a work set in stone .
Their desire to preserve and reestablish Georgian territorial integrity by asserting renewed control over Abkhazia and South Ossetia is understandable , but can they accomplish this goal as peacefully as they won their revolution ?
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline -- which will bypass Russia when it is completed -- can not re-define the country 's economic strategy to the extent that Shevardnadze had sought .
For if they can overcome these challenges quickly , thoroughly , and peacefully , the election of Mikhail Saakashvili will be good news not only for Georgia , but for Russia as well .
Of course , the pressure on these countries to act is particularly high , but there is no country in the euro area whose budgetary situation can be described as enduringly sound .
The American Revolution can be traced directly to the growing sense among colonists that Parliament 's rule in North America was illegitimate .
Neither the best-armed government nor the richest can long survive unless broad sections of their population accept its rule as legitimate .
Obviously , the election 's flaws can not be swept under the carpet .
Even an ugly election can be beautiful if it advances democracy - an important lesson for countries like Afghanistan and Iraq .
For some traits , we do not have to speculate -- we can measure and compare on the basis of studies covering thousands of individuals over several generations .
Instead of looking for changes in genes that take many generations to accumulate until they can be detected , we have measured natural selection directly .
This method can reveal selection in action , working over periods of time as short as one generation -- so that it can answer the question of whether modern culture has stopped evolution .
Whether it will operate consistently enough for a long enough time to produce significant genetic change can be answered only by future generations .
But neither the US nor the world can afford a sequel .
The outside world , which relies on the dollar as its primary trade vehicle and therefore reserve asset , can not be expected to watch passively as dollars continue to pour into their currency , commodity , and asset markets , with no clear end in sight .
Since NAMA swaps IOUs for bank debt at only about half its face value , the three-way transaction can result in a ¤ 1 capital loss for every ¤ 1 the banks get from the ECB .
In his famous 2002 speech on the potential of deflation in America , Bernanke suggested that Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's 40 % devaluation of the dollar in 1933-1934 shows that exchange-rate policy can be an `` effective weapon against deflation . ''
At least part of the difference can be attributed to `` hot money . ''
The sweeping changes underway in Asia are not just economic , but have also created new political realities that can not be ignored .
German and European policymakers must make clear what Europe has to offer Asia , and can do so at this month 's EU\/ASEAN and EU\/China summits .
Developed countries can provide limited help by means of well-focused , untied aid and technical assistance projects .
Only such leaders can build up the legitimacy needed to unite their countries , and only then will they be able to confront head on the many challenges that the region faces in shaking loose from the shackles of backwardness .
Islam and democracy are frequently presumed to be bitter antagonists . A careful study of the world 's 47 Muslim-majority states , however , shows that Islam and democracy can and do co-exist .
It makes intuitive sense that Islam can not by itself explain such differences .
Most political cultures can and do change over time , because to some extent they are socially constructed by new opportunities , threats , and contexts generally .
The differences between French and Turkish secularism can be put in even sharper comparative perspective .
Thus , Calderón and his party allies , with 41 % of the Senate seats , can never have a majority during his six-year term , and will also have a minority in the lower chamber , where the PAN holds only 43 % of the seats , until at least 2009 .
The Election Tribunal 's decision to recount only 9 % of the ballot boxes can not be reversed without more evidence of wrongdoing .
After World War II , many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called `` constructive vote of no confidence . '' Before a no confidence vote can be held , agreement must be reached on a new government majority to take its place .
The most important lesson is that Islamic organizations can provide the backbone of a tolerant civil society .
Indonesia also demonstrates how Islam can provide support for women 's rights .
Indeed , Indonesian women have shown how Sharia can provide a tool for combating misogynist policies .
Splits in a military-supported authoritarian regime can create gaps between the temporary interests of the small group closest to the `` military as government '' and the long-term interest of the `` military as institution , '' which is to be a respected part of the state and nation .
Great civil-society protest movements -- such as have occurred in Egypt and Tunisia -- can overthrow a dictatorship , but a true democracy requires parties , negotiations , election rules , and agreement on constitutional changes .
First , unlike presidentialism , a parliamentary system can give rise to multiparty ruling coalitions .
Second , unlike a president , who , however incompetent or unpopular , remains in power for a fixed term , the head of government in a parliamentary system can be removed at any time by a vote of no confidence , clearing the way for a new , majority-backed government -- or , failing that , fresh elections .
Enlightened self-interest can be state-based , but interests would be re-defined to encompass universal principles such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Such attempts at blame-shifting are misguided : one can understand the default as the consequence of economic mistakes made over a decade .
One can not simply ignore the pleas of those who are suffering .
Only new patterns of consumption and production -- a new economic model -- can address that most fundamental resource problem .
Governments can enhance growth by increasing inclusiveness . A country 's most valuable resource is its people .
So it is essential to ensure that everyone can live up to their potential , which requires educational opportunities for all .
A year in prison can cost more than a year at Harvard .
The final difference may seem odd : the left now understands markets , and the role that they can and should play in the economy .
No government can sit idly by as a country goes into recession or depression , even when caused by the excessive greed of bankers or misjudgment of risks by security markets and rating agencies .
It is easy to host a party . For the moment , everyone can feel good .
In such circumstances , is there any bailout plan that can work ?
Finally , it can be done far more quickly .
At the same time , several steps can be taken to reduce foreclosures .
First , housing can be made more affordable for poor and middle-income Americans by converting the mortgage deduction into a cashable tax credit .
The new view is that real value can be created by un-slicing and un-dicing -- pulling these assets out of the financial system and turning them over to the government .
So we may have to pray that a agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests , misguided economics , and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works -- or whose failure does n't do too much damage .
We can not let that happen again .
One can not have a deep and long downturn in the world 's largest economy without global ramifications .
The financiers , however , will argue for caution : let 's see how the economy does , and if it needs more money , we can give it .
Lowering taxes on the poor and raising unemployment benefits while simultaneously increasing taxes on the rich can stimulate the economy , reduce the deficit , and reduce inequality .
Cutting expenditures on the Iraq war and increasing expenditures on education can simultaneously increase output in the short and long run and reduce the deficit .
I have a different interpretation : it is testimony to the importance of a free press , which may not stop but can curtail abuses .
While we will never be able to prevent all abuses , we can get the incentives right .
We can try to inculcate better ethical standards .
But we can not rely on them when so many worldly people see nothing wrong with revolving doors .
It is a relief that the US finally has a president who can act , and what he has been doing will make a big difference .
- Bankers can be expected to act in their self-interest on the basis of incentives .
The era of believing that something can be created out of nothing should be over .
But it has long been recognized that subsidies can be just as destructive as tariffs -- and even less fair , since rich countries can better afford them .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
While one can understand the domestic political imperatives that have led to subsidies and guarantees , developed countries need to recognize the global consequences , and provide compensatory assistance to developing countries .
The rich and powerful turn to the government to help them whenever they can , while needy individuals get little social protection .
We can not afford to let that happen .
Since a country 's currency can be a reserve currency only if others are willing to accept it as such , time may be running out for the dollar .
If a few bankers get much richer , average income can go up , even as most individuals ' incomes are declining .
Behavioral economics , for example , emphasizes that market participants often act in ways that can not easily be reconciled with rationality .
A long line of research has shown that even using the models of the so-called `` rational expectations '' school of economics , markets might not behave stably , and that there can be price bubbles .
Mervyn King , the governor of the Bank of England , has called for restrictions on the kinds of activities in which mega-banks can engage .
· Even if individual banks are small , if they engage in correlated behavior -- using the same models -- their behavior can fuel systemic risk ;
Where this is not possible , it means stringently restricting what they can do and imposing higher taxes and capital-adequacy requirements , thereby helping level the playing field .
The devil , of course , is in the details -- and big banks will do what they can to ensure that whatever charges are imposed are sufficiently small that they do not outweigh the advantages gained from being underwritten by taxpayers .
These are not matters of black and white : the more we limit the size , the more relaxed we can be about these and other details of regulation .
Uncertainty about whether these deficits can be financed is one reason why the world economy , under current arrangements , faced a succession of crises in recent years .
The Harsh Lessons of 2009 NEW YORK -- The best that can be said for 2009 is that it could have been worse , that we pulled back from the precipice on which we seemed to be perched in late 2008 , and that 2010 will almost surely be better for most countries around the world .
Private incentives matter , and if they are not well aligned with social returns , the result can be excessive risk taking , excessively short-sighted behavior , and distorted innovation .
Overcoming the Copenhagen Failure NEW YORK -- Pretty speeches can take you only so far .
If we can afford that much to save banks , we can afford something more to save the planet .
We have seen that goodwill alone can get us only so far .
Spending , especially on investments in education , technology , and infrastructure , can actually lead to lower long-term deficits .
Banks ' short-sightedness helped create the crisis ; we can not let government short-sightedness -- prodded by the financial sector -- prolong it .
The risks are asymmetric : if these forecasts are wrong , and there is a more robust recovery , then , of course , expenditures can be cut back and\/or taxes increased .
It avoided the massive waste of human resources associated with high unemployment in America , where almost one out of five people who would like a full-time job can not find one .
But high-return public investments that more than pay for themselves can actually improve the well-being of future generations , and it would be doubly foolish to burden them with debts from unproductive spending and then cut back on productive investments .
Reckless budget deficits can lead to a weak currency ; so can low interest rates .
Some hoped that the Greek tragedy would convince policymakers that the euro can not succeed without greater cooperation -LRB- including fiscal assistance -RRB- .
But the euro system means that Germany 's exchange rate can not increase relative to other eurozone members .
But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model .
And that leaves open the question : can we trust them ?
And that raises another question : whom can we trust ?
But the events of recent years have shown that bankers can make megabucks , even as they undermine the economy and impose massive losses on their own firms .
As a result , it will likely be a long time before we can assess the success of whatever law the US Congress ultimately enacts .
Our financial markets performed dismally -- well-performing , `` rational '' markets do not lend to people who can not or will not repay -- and yet those running these markets were rewarded as if they were financial geniuses .
By contrast , the Fed does n't have to recognize the loss ; while free-market advocates might talk about the virtues of market pricing and `` price discovery , '' the Fed can pretend that nothing has happened .
The fact that America can veto even these modest IMF proposals illustrates a fundamental weakness of current international economic arrangements .
Whatever one 's attitude to these arrangements , the notion that a single country can exercise effective veto power seems inconsonant with basic democratic principles .
The world can not allow America to veto its efforts .
The best that can be said for monetary policy over the last few years is that it prevented the direst outcomes that could have followed Lehman Brothers ' collapse .
In today 's America , the proud claim of `` justice for all '' is being replaced by the more modest claim of `` justice for those who can afford it . ''
And the number of people who can afford it is rapidly diminishing .
More importantly , how long will it take Europe and America to recover , and can Asia 's seemingly export-dependent economies continue to grow if their historical markets languish ?
Or else they can wait until the overhang of excess capacity diminishes , capital goods become obsolete , and the economy 's internal restorative forces work their gradual magic .
What business would n't jump at investment opportunities yielding returns in excess of 10 % if it could borrow capital -- as the US government can -- for less than 3 % interest ?
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
DAVOS -- The whole world celebrates Tunisia 's democratic revolution , which has set off a cascade of events elsewhere in the region -- particularly in Egypt -- with untold consequences . The eyes of the world are now set on this small country of ten million , to learn the lessons of its recent experience and to see if the young people who overthrew a corrupt autocrat can create a stable , functioning democracy .
And corruption American-style can result in trillion-dollar gifts to pharmaceutical companies , the purchase of elections with massive campaign contributions , and tax cuts for millionaires as medical care for the poor is cut .
For laws can be used to ensure equality of opportunity and tolerance , or they can be used to maintain inequalities and the power of elites .
After all , rich countries in Europe have increasingly found that they can not pay for university education , and are asking young people and their families to bear the costs .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
In a recent visit to this tropical archipelago of 1.3 million people , I had a chance to see some of the leaps Mauritius has taken -- accomplishments that can seem bewildering in light of the debate in the US and elsewhere .
Indeed , so dismal were its prospects as it approached independence from Britain , which came in 1968 , that the Nobel Prize-winning economist James Meade wrote in 1961 : `` It is going to be a great achievement if -LRB- the country -RRB- can find productive employment for its population without a serious reduction in the existing standard of living ... -LRB- T -RRB- he outlook for peaceful development is weak . ''
First , the question is not whether we can afford to provide health care or education for all , or ensure widespread homeownership .
If Mauritius can afford these things , America and Europe -- which are several orders of magnitude richer -- can , too .
The US need not go as far : just a fraction of the money that America spends on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist would go a long way toward creating a more humane society , including provision of health care and education to those who can not afford them .
Consumption will remain restrained , while strong and sustainable recovery can not be based on another debt-fueled bubble .
We can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words .
The world can not afford to repeat that performance .
Even if the shareholders and bondholders lose everything , with the right restructuring , we can still save the banks and protect taxpayers and workers .
Whatever the outcome , the IMF , the World Bank , and the international community need to reaffirm their commitment to an open and transparent process -- and ask how that process can be improved .
They can not compete with efficient steel mills elsewhere - including -LRB- perish the thought -RRB- Korea 's state-owned steel company .
Globalization , well and equitably managed , can benefit all countries .
The same can be said for country after country in the developing world .
This can not be allowed .
Meanwhile , the US financial sector has been lobbying hard to free itself of regulations , so that it can return to its previous , disastrously carefree , ways .
And , with housing prices continuing to fall , GDP growth faltering , and unemployment remaining stubbornly high -LRB- one of six Americans who would like a full-time job still can not get one -RRB- , more stimulus , not austerity , is needed -- for the sake of balancing the budget as well .
Both threats to America 's future can , in no small measure , be traced to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Globalization and modern technology now enables social movements to transcend borders as rapidly as ideas can .
But , while the wealthy can use their money to amplify their views , back on the street , police would n't allow me to address the OWS protesters through a megaphone .
Markets work the way they should only when they operate within a framework of appropriate government regulations ; and that framework can be erected only in a democracy that reflects the general interest -- not the interests of the 1 % .
The best government that money can buy is no longer good enough .
But some of the simplest and most important precepts , formulated well before these micro-foundations were well established -- such as the fact that temporary income tax cuts are unlikely to be effective , while temporary investment tax credits can be extremely powerful -- are as valid today as ever .
Economics is a difficult subject , because we can not conduct controlled experiments .
Meanwhile , the US can not expect much relief from exports , given the global economic slowdown , or from consumer spending .
Even Americans can consume only so many new cars .
The first glimpses of Argentina 's recovery can be seen .
If the private sector can not improve the availability of credit on its own , and no good neighbor steps forward to help , as Japan did in East Asia , government must take a more active role in restructuring the existing credit institutions as well as creating new ones .
Where the international community can help Argentina is by opening its doors to Argentine goods , taking the rhetoric of free trade seriously and recognizing that trade can be an important instrument not only for long-term growth , but also for economic recovery .
After all , you can not `` unbankrupt '' a firm ruined by punishing interest rates .
Unfortunately , from what we have seen of domestic US policy of late , we can not be sanguine .
Accounting rules are designed to provide standardized frameworks within which the financial position of a firm , or government , can be assessed .
America 's business scandals showed how accounting rules can be bent and abused to provide a misleading picture of what is really happening in a company .
The Bush Administration , not to be left behind , has shown how public accounting rules can be bent so as to provide a misleading picture of what is really happening in a national economy .
The IMF 's argument seems to be this : a country can not rely on foreign aid because aid is too unstable .
But if a company can buy a $ 1 billion asset for $ 500 million , economic logic says buy the asset .
Of course , foreign investors like this IMF logic : government corporations are put at a distinct disadvantage : their ability to invest inhibited , these firms can not compete to make acquisitions .
So if things are so bad now , how can they get worse ?
Downturns , of course , can never be fully prevented .
We can , however , decrease their frequency ; we can make them shallower ; we can ensure that fewer people are hurt and that those that get hurt are better protected .
But restrictions of this kind - affecting both private and public sectors -- are often necessary because of imperfect information : we can not really be sure what motivates an individual , even if the individual seems of the highest integrity .
But by making ourselves more sensitive to their presence and becoming aware of the distorted incentives to which they give rise , as well as by imposing regulations that limit their scope and increasing the amount of required disclosure , we can mitigate their consequences , both in the public and the private sector .
The Gulf War of 1991 demonstrated that wars can actually be bad for an economy .
uncertainties arising from America 's looming fiscal deficit , due to macroeconomic mismanagement and a tax cut that the country can not afford ;
Few can doubt the influence that oil interests have on President Bush -- witness the administration 's energy policy , with its emphasis on expanding oil production rather than conservation .
Indeed , should the US go to war , no one can predict the effect on oil supplies .
Should Chile find other products that can compete against American producers , these too will likely face restrictions .
How can Japan 's deflation be reversed ?
A transition that lasts two decades , during which poverty and inequality increase enormously as a few become wealthy , can not be called a victory for capitalism or democracy .
Moreover , the longer-run prospects are far from rosy : with investment a mere 10 % of what it was in 1990 , even if that investment is better allocated , how can growth be sustained ?
Yes , the market economy can provide incentives for wealth creation .
Technocrats can of course reliably make an electricity plant work better .
Economists call policies where no one can be made better off without making someone else worse off Pareto efficient . If a single policy is better than all others for everyone , i.e. , has no Pareto-efficient alternatives , it is said to be Pareto dominant .
These value choices are political choices , which can not be left to technocrats .
Technocrats can sometimes help avoid Pareto inferior policies , that is , policies that make everyone worse off .
Sometimes there are policies that can promote both growth and equality , and the job of good economists is to search for them .
Indeed , because VAT is a tax on the formal sector -- the new factories , banks , and so forth that pay regular salaries and whose incomes and expenditures can easily be traced -LRB- as distinct from those of the cash-based street vendors , village enterprises , and poor farmers -RRB- -- VAT impedes development .
Economic theory supports a VAT only if one does not care about distribution and if one can impose a tax on all commodities .
Because there are tradeoffs , these decisions can only be made as part of a political process .
Accordingly , risk is unavoidable : monetary policy that is too loose risks inflation ; if it is too tight , it can cause unnecessary unemployment , with all the suffering that follows .
Who bears it varies with different policies , and that is a decision that can not -- or at least should not -- be left to central bank technocrats .
But modern society can not and does not simply rely on individuals doing the `` right '' thing .
Judged on those terms , the best that can be said for the Euro is that the jury remains out .
The worse that can be said is that the Euro has failed its first test .
International exchange rate markets can be volatile , and this uncertainty translates into higher effective borrowing costs .
When uncertainties about the direction of institutional change within Euroland are settled , decisions about joining the Euro can be made .
Indeed , the focus on zero can be misleading .
Now six years later , we can say that those discussions did not lead to much real change .
Under such a regime , glimmerings of which can already be seen , attempts to protect our children from tobacco , even with mild measures such as restricting advertising , could be struck down !
Trade can be a powerful engine for economic growth , and economic growth is badly needed in postcommunist and developing countries .
If those who hold wealth are seen as having obtained it in ways that lack legitimacy , no legal system can make property secure .
Those in control of Russian businesses will thus continue to strip assets and convert them into forms of wealth that can be easily taken out of the country .
Once Khodorkovsky and his ilk sell their stakes to foreign interests and take their money out of Russia , there will be little that can be done .
I believe some of the inequities of the past can be addressed without any direct attack on `` property rights , '' no matter how dubiously acquired .
But the US is finally realizing that even a superpower can not ensure security in a country occupied by force .
The crises in East Asia and the recent recessions in Latin America show that premature capital market liberalization can result in enormous economic volatility , increasing poverty , and destruction of the middle class .
The global consensus , reflected in the Commission report , calls for more exceptions , so that , say , drugs can be made available in any case where to do so could save a life .
The way that globalization has been managed , however , has eroded the ability of the state to play its proper role . At the root of this problem is the global political system - if such it can be called .
Haircuts , like a host of other activities requiring detailed local knowledge , can not be outsourced .
But even if the eventual numbers are limited , there can be dramatic effects on workers and the distribution of income .
When abuses occur in one area , they can quickly spread to others .
Our second message was optimistic : if the agenda of the current round is reoriented towards development , and if assistance is provided to manage implementation and adjustment costs , developing countries can gain much .
This could only be rational if the seller can hope to establish a monopoly position and extract large profits in the future .
When the exchange rate soars as a result of resource booms , countries can not export manufactured or agriculture goods , and domestic producers can not compete with an onslaught of imports .
Fortunately , as we have become aware of these problems , we have learned much about what can be done about them .
We also know that stabilization funds - which set aside some of the money earned when prices are high - can help reduce the economic volatility associated with natural resource prices .
Western governments can help with common-sense reforms .
Abundant natural resources can and should be a blessing , not a curse .
Clearly , no CEO of a large corporation , with hundreds of thousands of employees , can know everything that goes on inside the company he or she runs .
Even though a CEO can not know everything , he or she is still ultimately responsible for what occurs in the company they run .
Bush chose as his Vice-President a man who once served as CEO of Halliburton . Dick Cheney clearly can not be held responsible for corporate misconduct after he left Halliburton , but there is mounting evidence about misconduct that took place while he was at the helm .
Higher aluminum prices were passed on in the price of every coke and beer can and every new airplane .
The ready profits from monopoly can buy influence in high places , if not through bribes , then through big campaign contributions .
Before the invasion of Iraq , they wanted America to go to the UN , and today they recognize that America alone can not maintain order in the Middle East .
Peace will not quickly be restored to Iraq , and it is hard to conceive of opening up a major new front , when America can hardly manage what it has already undertaken .
Even if there is a problem , it can easily be fixed ; spending a fraction of the money that went into Bush 's two tax cuts would have fixed Social Security for 75 years ; slight benefit cuts , adjusting the age of retirement , or minor adjustments in the level of contributions could fix the system permanently .
Within the United States , all major presidential appointments must be ratified by the Senate ; even if rejections are rare , the vetting process is important , for the president knows that he can go only so far .
How can advice on democratic reforms be taken seriously when the multilateral institutions that offer it do not subscribe to the same standards of openness , transparency , and participation that they advocate ?
Beyond elections , citizens can provide an effective check on government only if they are well informed .
No one can imagine hiring a worker , but allowing him not to inform his employer about what he is doing on the job .
In a malaria-infested country , mosquito eradication programs can boost production and even increase effective land usage , as acres that were almost uninhabitable become livable .
The returns from education , too , can be increased , if more individuals live longer because of better health care .
Led by Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica , a group of developing countries , a new rainforest coalition has now come forward with an innovative proposal , not only offering to commit to greenhouse-gas limits , but also showing how this can be done in a way that will promote their development .
But , especially after the signing of the Kyoto protocol , we can value at least part of these environmental services : carbon sequestration -LRB- that is , if they did not maintain their forests , the level of carbon concentrations in the atmosphere would be enormously higher -RRB- .
While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they can not be compensated for avoiding deforestation .
These countries should be given incentives to maintain their forests . -LRB- There are , as always , technical issues to be resolved , concerning monitoring and measurement , but these can be overcome easily with modern technologies . -RRB-
Cutting down the hardwood forests -- even when they presently receive just 5 % of the final price in , say , New York -- is the only way people can make ends meet .
But , can we wait ?
Costa Rica , for example , has already shown that a system of paying for the provision of environmental services -LRB- like maintaining natural forests -RRB- can work in ways that preserve the environment and boost the economy .
This is an initiative around which all countries can and should rally .
In a world divided -- between rich countries and the poor , between those focusing on environmental protection and those concentrating on growth -- this initiative can unite us all .
Her area of expertise , trade policy , is hardly one that the Fund can draw on to restore its battered credibility .
Let us search for the best person , an expert in macroeconomic policy and monetary economics , especially as they relate to the developing world , who can heal the wounds of the past and restore the confidence of the poor in an institution that seems to ignore their concerns . ''
A simple project like this can make an enormous difference to the life of a community .
For instance , children who live on one side of the river can now attend school on the other side during the rainy season .
The US had made it clear that it would abide by only one outcome at the UN -- a principle under which no democratic body can operate , for to insist that a decision must accord with the wishes of one member is dictatorship . Subsequent events have shown how difficult it is -- even for the strongest country in the world -- to impose a stable democratic regime .
So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
But , while no central bank governor can ensure economic prosperity , mismanagement can cause enormous harm .
Neither , evidently , can central bank governors , at least when they opine in areas outside their immediate responsibility .
Macroeconomic policy can never be devoid of politics : it involves fundamental trade-offs and affects different groups differently .
Such fundamental issues can not be relegated to technocrats , particularly when those technocrats place the interests of one segment of society above others .
Yet , despite this huge advantage , some foreign firms can still make it in the American market .
But , as one developing country minister put it , `` Our farmers can compete with America 's farmers ; we just ca n't compete with America 's Treasury . ''
Developing countries can not , and should not , open up their markets fully to America 's agricultural goods unless US subsidies are fully eliminated .
In other areas of trade , the principle of countervailing duties has been recognized : when a country imposes a subsidy , others can impose a tax to offset the unfair advantage given to that country 's producers .
The questions posed by young French workers , who wonder how globalization will make them better off if it means accepting lower wages and weaker job protection , can no longer be ignored .
Nor can such questions be answered with the wistful hope that everyone will someday benefit .
To the extent that changes in technology have contributed to the near stagnation of real wages for low-skilled workers in the United States and elsewhere for the past three decades , there is little that citizens can do .
But they can do something about globalization .
Economic theory does not say that everyone will win from globalization , but only that the net gains will be positive , and that the winners can therefore compensate the losers and still come out ahead .
But investments in education and research , together with a strong social safety net , can lead to a more productive and competitive economy , with more security and higher living standards for all .
There is a broad array of policies that can benefit people in both developing and developed countries , thereby providing globalization with the popular legitimacy that it currently lacks .
In other words , globalization can be changed ; indeed , it is clear that it will be changed .
Smaller-scale corruption is bad , but systemic corruption of political processes can have even greater costs .
Campaign contributions and lobbying that lead to rapid privatizations of utilities -- before appropriate regulatory frameworks are in place , and in a manner that produces only a few bidders -- can impede development , even without direct kickbacks to government officials .
Many other policies and procedures can be enacted that reduce incentives for corruption .
Finally , while developing countries must take responsibility for rooting out corruption , there is much that the West can do to help .
Of course , the Bank must do everything that it can to ensure that its money is well spent , which means fighting both corruption and incompetence .
Written under the leadership of Sir Nicholas Stern of the London School of Economics , who succeeded me as Chief Economist of the World Bank , the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming , but whether we can afford not to .
A global externality can best be dealt with by a globally agreed tax rate .
Small changes in practices , when replicated by hundreds of millions of people , can make an enormous difference .
For example , simply changing the color of roofs in warm climates to reflect sunlight or planting trees around houses can lead to great savings on energy used for air conditioning .
Some policymakers have concluded from Phelps ' analysis that the unemployment rate can not be lowered permanently without ever-increasing levels of inflation .
The correct implication , which Phelps repeatedly emphasized , is that governments can implement a variety of policies , particularly structural policies , to allow the economy to operate at a lower level of unemployment .
Nor is there evidence that inflation , should it increase slightly , can not be reversed at a relatively minor cost -- comparable to the benefits of additional employment and growth enjoyed in the excessive expansion of the economy that led to the increase in inflation .
Phelps ' work helped us to understand the complexity of the relationship between inflation and unemployment , and the important role that expectations can play in that relationship .
But it is a misuse of that analysis to conclude that nothing can be done about unemployment , or that monetary authorities should focus exclusively on inflation .
He has tried to understand what we can do to lower unemployment and increase the well-being of those at the bottom .
But he has also striven to understand what makes capitalist economies dynamic , what lies behind the entrepreneurial spirit , and what we can do to promote it further .
In retrospect , the best that can be said of former US Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and current Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is that they enjoyed the ride while the going was good , and Rubin was smart enough to bail out before the crash .
Each , however , can also be said to be guilty of dangerous driving .
It is now no longer clear how long this can continue without a loss of confidence .
The increased pace of warming reflects the impact of complex non-linear factors and a variety of `` tipping points '' that can result in acceleration of the process .
But claims by Bush that America can not afford to do anything about global warming ring hollow : other advanced industrial countries with comparable standards of living emit only a fraction of what the US emits per dollar of GDP .
A striking fact about climate change is that there is little overlap between the countries that are most vulnerable to its effects -- mainly poor countries in the South that can ill afford to deal with the consequences -- and the countries , like the US , that are the largest polluters .
The companies can recover their expenses thanks to patents , which give them a temporary monopoly and thus allow them to charge prices well above the cost of producing the drugs .
We can not expect innovation without paying for it .
In the Third World , this can be a matter of life and death for people who can not afford new brand-name drugs but might be able to afford generics .
Of course , the patent system is itself a prize system , albeit a peculiar one : the prize is temporary monopoly power , implying high prices and restricted access to the benefits that can be derived from the new knowledge .
As individuals , we are part of an ever-widening circle of communities , and we can realize our potential only if we live in harmony with each other .
Today , only Europe can speak with credibility on the subject of universal human rights .
In this area , too , Europe has taken the lead , especially concerning global warming , showing that petty selfishness can be put aside to achieve a common good .
Instead , it should pursue a `` balanced '' intellectual property regime : because knowledge itself is the most important input in the production of knowledge , a badly designed intellectual property regime can stifle innovation -- as has been the case in America in some areas .
I can think of no better way to restore confidence in these two venerable institutions than to finally open up the way their presidents are selected .
The arguments against the `` old boy '' system -- by which the United States appoints the head of the World Bank and Europe the head of the IMF -- are especially compelling today How effective can the Bank be in promoting good governance and fighting corruption if its president is chosen in a process that demonstrates flaws in its own governance ?
Today , money goes to countries that are neither most in need nor can most effectively use it .
Complying with current orthodoxies -- for example , on privatization and liberalization -- can earn you points on `` good governance , '' and thus increase aid allocations -- even when they reduce true aid effectiveness .
Since then , it has shown that it can close secret bank accounts , but has chosen to do so only for terrorists .
We may not be facing a repeat of the global financial crisis of 1997 , but make no mistake , imperfections in the global financial system can still be costly , both in terms of global prosperity and stability .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
But no bubble can expand forever .
Looking back at the crisis a decade later , we can see more clearly how wrong the diagnosis , prescription , and prognosis of the IMF and United States Treasury were .
The question is no longer whether we can afford to do something , but rather how to control emissions in an equitable and effective way .
Still , the Bali meeting 's participants can agree on a few principles to guide future negotiations .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
Some firms can even make money off the deal .
With developing countries standing to lose even more than developed countries if nothing is done about global warming , many believe they can be cajoled , threatened , or induced to be part of a global agreement .
In America , one can feel the backlash mounting .
A Blackwater Security guard can cost more than $ 1,000 per day , not including disability and life insurance , which is paid for by the government .
Raising interest rates can reduce aggregate demand , which can slow the economy and tame increases in prices of some goods and services , especially non-traded goods and services .
But , unless taken to an intolerable level , these measures by themselves can not bring inflation down to the targeted levels .
Second , we must recognize that high prices can cause enormous stress , especially for lower-income individuals .
They can be traced back to the economist Frank Knight 's 1921 book Risk , Uncertainty , and Profit .
Indeed , there can be no guarantee under ambiguity that even the best scientific analysis will lead to a definitive policy answer .
Of course , no one can reliably foresee the unpredictable , but we can learn from past mistakes .
Investors in China must consider their vulnerability to negative publicity , and be confident that they can explain their position .
Activists can not possibly take aim at all foreign businesses in China , so most firms are unlikely to be specifically targeted or suffer reputational damage .
A sense of despondency has set in that nothing can be done to stop it .
Monetary policy can be used in countries where interest rates remain high , but its effectiveness in a credit squeeze is likely to be limited .
A sudden stop to such flows is a severe blow and raises special challenges that can not be solved by these countries alone .
The dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic , but these dynamics can be broken .
At the conference in Tanzania , we look forward to feedback and ideas about how the Fund can do even more -- and differently .
With its ability to mobilize large financial resources and buttress policy credibility , the IMF can help mitigate the large economic and social costs often associated with crises .
Equally important is the realization that by working together , we can build a more successful and more stable global economy , for the benefit of all countries .
But Ma has taken a different approach . He has eased tensions with China by focusing on what both sides can agree upon .
What people in Taiwan want is nothing more and nothing less than acknowledgement that they can decide their own future .
The real issue is whether both sides can acknowledge that Taiwan 's people have the right to determine their future .
And the People 's Republic will need to recognize that the best way to entice Taiwanese to embrace reunification is to make the proposition so attractive that they can not resist .
There can be no doubt that growing foreign-policy activism , especially in relation to the Middle East , has begun to enhance Turkey 's role and influence in its own region .
The myth can be stated succinctly .
As individual savings accounts figure increasingly in social protection systems , governments need to provide adequate economic security for those who can not benefit from such social protection schemes .
Even now , there is enough food in the world , with a bumper harvest this year , but more people can not afford to buy the food they need .
But food can not be treated as just another commodity , and governments should develop appropriate policies , infrastructure , and institutions to ensure food security -LRB- not to be equated with total self-sufficiency -RRB- at the national or regional level .
But if poverty is defined principally in terms of the money income needed to avoid hunger , how can announcements such as these be reconciled ?
The virtual abandonment of recovery efforts in most developed economies presumes that stronger Asian economic growth outside Japan can lift the world economy from its current trajectory .
Hence , the US current-account deficit can not be addressed without dealing with related problems : first , the lack of a proper international reserve-currency arrangement , and , second , the perceived need of emerging-market economies with liberalized capital accounts to accumulate reserves for protection against volatile capital flows .
These issues can be addressed only through systemic reform over the medium term , while the recovery effort should remain the global priority in the near term .
NEW YORK -- After the economic disaster of 2008-2009 , people are understandably wary of the devastation that yet another financial crisis can wreak .
The wrong public policies can induce recessions .
The outrageous increases in financial executives ' remuneration in recent years , which can not be attributed to increased productivity , have exacerbated the financial sector 's focus on the short term , while worsening its risk exposure in the longer term , thereby exacerbating systemic vulnerability .
By using this moment strategically and wisely , the EU would have a chance to reframe its relationship with the southern Mediterranean -LRB- as it is being redubbed -RRB- to promote generational development and growth in ways that can address Europe 's interests , too .
The southern Mediterranean can be the source of this labor , given its huge youth bulge .
The same arc of development can and should be limned for the southern Mediterranean .
The Global Forum has done its job by generating and fostering ideas that can make migration benefit the development of countries of origin and destination .
The successes of populist\/right wing parties can largely be attributed to the failures of left-leaning governments .
Beyond that , they can do genuine good by recognizing the merit of the proposal for an electoral college .
At the risk of over-simplifying , they can be grouped under three headings :
To be sure , the introduction of the euro was a true revolution , and we can not yet see all its effects .
But one thing is certain : Europe can not afford other `` distractions . ''
Conversely , if an economy is tightly controlled by the state , has protectionist barriers against foreign imports and capital movements , or relies on rents from exhaustible resources to obtain foreign currency , transition to democracy can be plagued by populism and struggles for redistribution , hurting economic growth .
Moreover , salaries can not fall below a legislated minimum wage , which is so high that the least productive and least skilled workers remain shut out of the labor market .
French civil servants , convinced that they can spot profit opportunities better than the market , engage in a proactive industrial policy with a variety of tools , including the retention of minority or controlling stakes in a number of large enterprises .
As a result , economic growth will slow , and China 's domestic problems -- such as income inequality -- will worsen , even as political institutions that can channel popular grievances remain underdeveloped .
Without comprehensive reform under strong political leadership , a tax hike alone can not solve Japan 's problems .
If Europe can successfully manage this role , US-China tensions can be overcome , offering the entire world the opportunity to harness and benefit from the strength of its two largest economies .
But the impact of even a small number of disruptions to supply chains can be highly significant , particularly for the Asia-Pacific region .
How can this be done ?
Such transfers represent as cunning a tax on everyone else as one can imagine .
Excessive leverage , rather than skills , can be seen as the source of their resulting profits , which then flow disproportionately to employees , and of their sometimes-massive losses , which are borne by shareholders and taxpayers .
The promise of replicating past returns can not be the reason , given the inadequacy of those returns .
Oil revenues can be controlled by the state to be used , in part , for social programs , as in Venezuela .
Or private capital can be granted a bigger say , and trust placed in the market to provide for society .
Yet , in debates in the Diet , our parliament , neither Prime Minister Koizumi nor the Foreign Minister utter anything more than such tepid responses as : `` Japan can not respond to a hypothetical situation ; '' or `` Japan can not take a definitive stance without assessing the results of the inspections ; '' and `` It is in Japan 's national interest not to declare whether or not it supports the use of force . ''
But Japan can no longer afford to be silent or vague about growing global insecurity , as the crisis next door on the Korean peninsula demonstrates .
But what can shake Japan 's political class out of its silence ?
Japan also can directly assist in resolving the North Korea crisis by acting as a facilitator , encouraging Russian President Vladimir Putin -- in concert with Japan , South Korea , and China -- to initiate negotiations with North Korea 's Kim Jong Il .
This seeming double standard can be explained partly by a sense of guilt : the West has , for the most part , embraced Kosovo 's independence in an effort to assuage its own culpability for not preventing Slobodan Milosevic 's campaign of ethnic cleansing there .
But chief among Bangladesh 's opportunities is the chance to show the world that a Muslim-majority country can freely embrace liberal democracy and make it work by confining religion to the private sphere .
Bangladesh is a country rich with human potential , but that potential can only be realized by making poor people 's needs -- which Islamists around the world have previously made their own political territory -- the new government 's top priority .
Some in the Bush administration accept this argument , saying that they are happy to see Latin American democracies seeking influence where the United States can not . Latin America , it seems , is no longer held hostage by its demagogues and guerrillas .
Only then can the past truly be past .
Some of the country , however , can meet at least a basic standard of governance .
Not likely . Thus clear principles are needed , as neither self-determination nor the inviolability of national borders can be treated as sacrosanct in every case .
But that price can take the form of morally squalid decisions in which innocent people bear the brunt of the cost of freedom 's defense .
The way in which the inhabitants of this archipelago were systematically dispossessed and thrown off their land in the name of Western strategic interests is a human tragedy for which the West can and should make restitution .
The world can not afford a second Afghanistan in Bangladesh , where Huji members are believed to have given sanctuary to many Taliban fighters after the fall of their regime .
Perhaps for the first time since inventing the zero , India has a hot product to sell -- and , this time , it can keep the profits for itself .
Unlike in China , India 's government can not simply ride roughshod over local interests by , say , leveling a village to build a roadway or a dam .
The second point of convergence between Indian and Western interests is one that will probably get no public mention during Chirac 's visit : India can perhaps serve as a counterweight to China .
The latest crisis proves again that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad can not be trusted .
Ahmedinejad can sense an international community divided , and like his fellow pariah leader , North Korea 's Kim Jong-il , he is exploiting that division at every opportunity .
The possibility of degrading Iran 's nuclear weapons program through military action can not be totally discounted , although it should of course be the last option and would be immensely risky even if militarily possible .
Yet there is much more that EU leaders can do to undermine the regime economically .
Individual companies , mindful of US sanctions on those who do business with the regime , can also help .
This law defines `` conflicts of interest '' in such a way that , although the Chief Executive Officer -LRB- CEO -RRB- of a media empire can not be Prime Minister , the man who actually owns that empire can .
Bossi now knows that the first two promises can not be kept . So he must deliver on the third , or the League will be gravely wounded .
The trouble with Berlusconi is that the corporate empire that he owns , which ranges from media and publishing to insurance and advertising , can conceivably affect key foreign-policy issues . And when sensitive questions like immigration and energy security are in play , his government 's foreign policy can have an impact on other countries ' citizens , too .
Such allegations can of course be disputed , and Berlusconi was quick to laugh them off .
But the underlying question , whether Italy is trustworthy or not , can not be dismissed so easily .
Just as US diplomats have done , the rest of the international community has a right to speculate about the Berlusconi family business 's international priorities ; about whether these priorities are influencing Italy 's foreign policy ; and about how Berlusconi can show that they are not .
Anyone with access to YouTube can view the 1986 footage of Berlusconi being interviewed in one of his network 's studios by veteran journalist -LRB- and later vocal opponent -RRB- Enzo Biagi .
The unwritten rule in Europe seems to be that , the more depoliticized the process , the more legitimacy technocrats can earn .
Indonesia can be one ally .
India , proud of its long-standing democracy and fresh from its own elections , shares a border with Myanmar and can also assist efforts there .
American leadership -- globally and in Asia -- can no longer be presumed . It must be earned .
If this can be done , the chances of progress in the run-up to the 2010 elections will be strengthened .
Southeast Asians have a renewed openness towards American leadership , and meaningful initiatives can be started that would resonate with regional aspirations .
After all , many sorts of bodies , even the loosest aggregations , can adopt majority decision-making .
Indeed , we can even imagine that a potential monarch , waiting to return to power in a coup , agrees with me on the issue in question .
Perhaps no answer can satisfy them .
But without deciding this philosophical issue , we can ask : what feature of our `` imagined communities '' persuades people to accept that they are free under a democratic regime , even when their will is overridden on important issues ?
Only an appeal to this kind of membership can rebut the challenge of those considering support for a monarch 's or general 's or provisional government 's coup in the name of their freedom .
The crucial point is that regardless of who is right philosophically , it is only insofar as people accept some such appeal that the legitimacy principle underlying popular sovereignty can work to secure their consent .
In short , there can be no democracy without a shared identity as participants in a common agency .
But whether the `` democratic deficit '' on the European level be remedied also depends on whether a shared European identity can be forged out of the 25 nations that will soon make up the European Union .
That agenda is `` Islam , '' which many imagine to include all the terrible things that we can read about in the press every day : the stoning of adulterous women under Sharia law in northern Nigeria , the amputation of thieves ' hands in Saudi Arabia , honor killings of women who refuse arranged marriages in Pakistan -LRB- or even northern English cities like Bradford and Manchester -RRB- , the willingness to justify suicide bombings .
So how can we stop this madness ?
The real question , then , is this : Where are the crossover figures who can provide that urgently needed connection ?
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
UN Special Envoy for Côte d'Ivoire Choi Young-jin was categorical , stating that `` the proclamation of the final results by the President of the Constitutional Council ... which makes candidate Laurent Gbagbo the winner of the second round , can only be interpreted as a decision having no factual basis . ''
It can begin by creating greater opportunities for US firms -- including from the nuclear industry -- to invest in India 's economic success .
It can expand defense cooperation beyond purchases of American-made military equipment by deepening its diplomatic engagement with the US to help find solutions to the difficult problems stemming from Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Iran .
In addition , the US and India should create innovation partnerships , which would not only yield direct returns to both countries , but would also demonstrate how a strong bilateral relationship can improve the international system .
If Obama can weather domestic resistance to new international trade negotiations and modify America 's current position on sectoral tariff reduction by developing countries , the US and India will have an opportunity to break the impasse that has stymied the Doha Round 's successful conclusion .
In short , Obama ought not to ask , `` What will India do for us ? '' , but rather , `` Is a strong , democratic and independent India in America 's national interest ? '' If the answer to this question is yes -- as it should be -- then the US should focus on how it can help India 's power continue to grow .
By reaffirming the US commitment to aid India 's rise , and by emphasizing America 's fellowship with India , Obama can help bring the two countries together on the basis of shared interests , and move their relationship forward significantly .
But the EU can overcome national impediments by developing exemplary universities and research centers that would be properly European , serving as an incentive to quality and reform at the national level .
In many matters pertaining to the Lisbon Strategy , the EU can not avoid member states ' concerns .
One can never overlook the old colonial administrative habit of `` divide and rule , '' exemplified , again , by British policy in the subcontinent after 1857 , which led almost inexorably to the tragedy of Partition .
A similar case can be made about the former Yugoslavia , where lands that existed under Austro-Hungarian rule for 800 years were joined to lands that spent almost as long under Ottoman suzerainty .
The result was the manufacture of unconvincing political myths , as artificial as the countries they mythologize , which all-too-often can not command genuine patriotic allegiance from their citizenry .
The uneven development of infrastructure , as a result of priorities skewed to benefit colonialists , can lead to resources being distributed unevenly , which can lead to increasing social fissures .
Whenever troops from either side build roads , construct or repair bunkers and other fortifications , or conduct patrols close to the LAC , tensions can flare .
But none of us can deny the attraction of the flags under which those athletes compete , the anthem that is played for the winners , and , ultimately , that impossible-to-ignore , regularly-updated medal tally , listing the gold , silver , and bronze medals awarded to each country , the Games ' real honor roll .
Indians like to think we can hold our own against the best in the world in any field : our Kalidasa can stand up to their Shakespeare , our Ramanujan to their Einstein , our Bollywood to their Hollywood and , these days , our Infosys to their Microsoft .
We are a developing country , it is said ; after all , it is not just your eye against his , your legs against hers , but what you can do against their trainer , their running shoe , their ergodynamic costume , their titanium archer 's bow .
Our talent pool is n't really a billion , some argue ; it 's only the well off and middle class , maybe 300 million strong , who can afford to play sports .
And if Indians can be better than white and black sportsmen on the cricket field , why ca n't they beat them in an Olympic stadium ?
The newly globalized India can no longer content itself with mediocrity in this global competition .
Only when a Dalit rules India can the country truly be said to have attained its own `` Obama moment . ''
But what can India do ?
Instead the world was made to see an insecure and vulnerable India , a `` soft state '' bedevilled by enemies who can strike it at will .
Israel can dictate the terms of its military incursion and end it at will , whereas an Indian military action would immediately spark a war with a well-armed neighbor that neither side could win .
Yet , when Indians watch Israel take the fight to the enemy , killing those who launched rockets against it and dismantling many of the sites from which the rockets flew , some can not resist wishing that they could do something similar in Pakistan .
Exuberant , exciting , gaudy , and gritty in a way that can only be called Dickensian , Slumdog Millionaire brings contemporary Mumbai to life from the seamy side up , and it does so with brio , compassion , and all-round cinematic excellence .
Because so many voters are illiterate , India invented the party symbol , so that voters who can not read the name of their candidate can vote for him or her anyway by recognizing the symbol under which they campaigned .
Independent candidates can choose from an assortment of alternatives , ranging from a cricket bat to images of various large animals .
But coalition rule can also often mean governance of the lowest common denominator , as resistance by any of the government 's significant members to a policy can delay or even thwart it .
In India 's parliamentary system , if a coalition loses its majority , the government falls , and keeping allies together can sometimes prove a greater priority than getting things done .
In India , policy changes require political consensus within the ruling coalition , labor laws are strongly defended by unions and political parties , and controversial decisions can be challenged on the streets , in the courts , and ultimately at the polls .
Even Goldman Sachs can claim to have invented an inter-governmental body , since the `` BRIC '' concept coined by that Wall Street firm was recently institutionalized by a meeting of the heads of government of Brazil , Russia , India , and China in Yekaterinburg last month .
This diversity of interests and capabilities can easily impede substantive cooperation , but it can also make such cooperation far more rewarding .
The world as a whole stands to benefit if 18 littoral states can find common ground in the churning waters of a mighty ocean .
NEW DELHI -- In July , I was among 30 men and women from around the world -- government ministers , bureaucrats , technologists , and strategic thinkers -- who gathered at the International Telecommunications Union -LRB- ITU -RRB- in Geneva to discuss how broadband can transform the world for the better .
And , although mankind can not live by technology alone , the information revolution has liberated millions of people .
Estonia and Costa Rica are well-known examples of how information-access strategies can help accelerate output growth and raise income levels .
Some of the least developed countries , such as Mali and Bangladesh , have shown how determined leadership and innovative approaches can , with international support , connect remote and rural areas to the Internet and mobile telephony , thereby helping to liberate subsistence farmers who were previously tied to local knowledge and local markets .
There is no doubt that the Internet can be a democratizing tool .
But the stark reality of today 's world is that you can tell the rich from the poor by their Internet connections .
High-speed broadband Internet access can improve everything from transport management , environmental protection , and emergency services to health care , distance education , and agricultural productivity .
India can advance with the confidence that it can cope with the world from a very secure base .
What African farmer , despite his lower initial costs , can compete ?
India is a land where history , myth , and legend often overlap ; sometimes Indians can not tell the difference .
Indeed , these extremists can hardly claim to espouse Hinduism , which stands out not only as an eclectic embodiment of tolerance , but also as the only major religion that does not claim to be the sole true one .
But it reminds the world that democratic India can overcome its most fundamental difficulties without violence or revolution .
India confronts an inescapable fact of geopolitics : you can put your ideals on hold , but you can not change who your neighbors are .
India 's government can not be blamed for deciding that its national interests in Burma are more important than standing up for democracy there .
Indeed , Gandhi can sound frighteningly unrealistic : `` The willing sacrifice of the innocent is the most powerful answer to insolent tyranny that has yet been conceived by God or man . Disobedience , to be ` civil , ' must be sincere , respectful , restrained , never defiant , and it must have no ill will or hatred behind it .
In his internationalism , the Mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject .
Inevitably , few in today 's world can measure up to his greatness or aspire to his credo .
With such endorsements , however , expectations are high , and India 's government will have to think about how they can best be fulfilled .
But the five big countries now also on the Council will expect to be consulted ; their acquiescence on key questions can not simply be assumed .
Today 's reform imperatives can be traced to international divisions over the Iraq war .
The UN can be a much more effective instrument if its member states in the General Assembly and the Security Council are better organized and give clearer directives to us in the Secretariat -- along with the flexibility to carry them out -- and then hold us clearly accountable .
The heart of that consensus is the simple principle that you do n't need to agree all the time -- except on the ground rules about how you can disagree .
More generally , the logic of the electoral marketplace means that no single communal identity can dominate others .
A Senegalese friend told me of his illiterate mother who takes a bus to Dakar every month to watch a Bollywood film -- she does n't understand the Hindi dialogue and ca n't read the French subtitles , but she can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story , and people like her look at India with stars in their eyes as a result .
It can not undermine its own democratic principles and abridge the freedom of speech of Tibetans on its soil .
Nor can it afford to alienate its largest trading partner , a neighbor and an emerging global superpower , which is known to be prickly over any presumed slights to its sovereignty over Tibet .
If China wants to build a new six-lane expressway , it can bulldoze its way through any village in its path . In India , if you want to widen a two-lane road , you could be tied up in court for a dozen years over compensation entitlements .
But , as an Indian , I do not wish to pretend that we can compete in the global growth stakes with China .
But if we ca n't compete , can we co-operate ?
After all , one plus one does n't only equal two ; put together properly , it can add up to 11 .
An international match can fill 100,000-seat stadiums , while attracting TV audiences of 350 million .
Everything about cricket seems ideally suited to the Indian national character : its rich complexity , the endless possibilities and variations that can occur with each delivery , the dozen different ways of getting out -- all are reminiscent of a society of infinite forms and varieties .
A country where a majority of the population still consults astrologers can well appreciate a sport in which an ill-timed cloudburst , a badly prepared pitch , a lost toss , or the sun in the eyes of a fielder can transform a game 's outcome .
Another major area of ignorance concerns the extent to which results generated in specialized mental health settings can be transferred to primary care , where the majority of patients with depression are treated .
But that blessing can also be a curse -- and not just for oil-rich countries , with their distorted economies and politics .
Latin American countries in the Amazon region , for example , are home to what can rightly be considered the world 's storehouse of biodiversity .
TOKYO -- The American economist Herbert Stein once said that if something can not continue forever , it will not .
Much can be learned from each country 's experience and from that of smaller EU member states , but labor market reforms inevitably have a strong national flavor .
An individual firm can cut wages without undermining demand for whatever good or service it produces .
Only mutualization of debt issuance can generate the low -LRB- risk-free -RRB- interest rate needed to enable these countries to put their public finances on a sound footing and lay the basis for a return to economic growth .
`` The least we can do to face this danger is to let our enemies know that we can defend ourselves . ''
On the contrary , it should finalize further enlargement : the economic crisis has clearly demonstrated that the EU can not afford black holes on the map of Europe .
Today 's crisis offers an opportunity to show that the EU can provide stability , support , and solidarity .
Yet effective chronic disease surveillance can save lives .
If disease trends are monitored , along with patients ' responses to treatment and the population 's exposure to risk factors , the success or failure of policies designed to prevent or control chronic diseases can be evaluated , resource allocation can be rationally prioritized , and the public can be kept fully informed of the risks that they face .
If it can be convincingly shown that a group has been the victim of a past injustice , the group in question obtains a bottomless line of moral credit .
Indeed , no moral benefit can be derived from evoking the past if we fail to realize our group 's shortcomings or errors .
He demonstrated how history can be presented and valued in totally different ways : from an American or Japanese point of view , even though no one is making up facts or falsifying sources .
However , even `` just '' wars provoke tragedies that can not be dismissed lightly under the pretense that it was the enemy that suffered them .
Immigrants can establish themselves in new societies , and in democratic states they can live completely free of supervision .
Prime Minister Tony Blair can loudly proclaim that the London bombings of July last year are unrelated to Britain 's participation in the Iraq war , but the terrorists themselves , once arrested , said exactly the opposite .
Politics is necessary for the simple reason that occupying armies and police can not force hundreds of millions of Muslims to shed their hostility .
The West can and must prevail in this fight and in the defense of the values that it cherishes .
As far back as you can go in the history of a country like France , you will find meetings between different tribes and ethnic groups , and thus different cultures : Gallics , Franks , Romans , and many others .
Politics and culture do n't work on the same level : the former governs action , the latter influences mentalities ; the former deals with emergencies , the latter can require generations to produce any result .
But can Bolivia move away from becoming a quasi-failed state ?
But , while the relative power of Bolivia 's diverse regions is increasing , none can survive alone or veto the actions of highly mobilized zones of the country .
Ethnic and social groups , activated by an intense , politicized agenda , may think in zero-sum terms , but they can not advance their interests without positive-sum compromises .
More democracy and material welfare probably can co-exist with realistic local autonomy , whereas partition , it should be remembered , does not always breed political pluralism , social cohesion , and economic well-being .
The first step must be recognition that the Monroe Doctrine is dead and can not be revived .
Accepting this will be the most encouraging sign that President Barack Obama 's new administration can give to the region .
Conversely , legislative elections in March gave the Mockus-Fajardo ticket only minimal representation in the two chambers of Congress , implying that any government that they form would need all the legislative allies that it can find in order to enact its agenda .
Cases associated with domestic violence are treated leniently by courts ; in some countries , jealousy or the absence of previous convictions can reduce the punishment .
Indeed , while `` silver bullets '' that can cure our most feared diseases have not been found , progress in the area of gene-drug interactions , known as pharmacogenomics , has been extraordinary .
The whole human genome has approximately six billion bases , but a window into its composition can be probed using approximately one million bases -LRB- 0.01 % of the genome -RRB- via a gene chip .
The main side-effect of statins , which lower cholesterol in the blood , is severe muscle inflammation , and it can now be predicted with a simple genotype test , as can the response to Plavix , the second most commonly prescribed drug after statins .
In many such patients , doubling the dose of Plavix , and checking the platelet function with a point-of-care test to assure suppression , can override the lack of response .
There are alternative drugs , such as prasugrel or ticagrelor , which can be used instead of Plavix to bypass the problem .
For warfarin , a widely prescribed drug used to prevent blood clots , genotyping can guide the right dose and hasten the time it takes to get to steady state .
Genotyping can also predict severe liver toxicity for drugs such as flucloxacillin or lumiricoxib .
Genotyping can now be accomplished in 20 minutes , and over time will get even faster .
To fill a prescription for a drug with a known pharmacogenomic profile , a customer can get rapid genotyping to determine appropriate dose , drug , or predilection for serious side-effects .
PBMs and consumer genomic companies can be a positive force by facilitating or advancing the use of such data .
Across Africa , political leaders , long dismissive of rural concerns , have awakened to the importance of agriculture and the role that educated people , even those living in major cities , can play in farming .
In fact , some city dwellers do n't even bother with acquiring land or gaining distant help . Certain crops can be grown in their own homes .
Her success clearly shows that African women football players can reach great heights .
Until brought to a level where they can compete in international tournaments beyond Africa , women 's soccer teams will continue to struggle .
Our boys may not win in South Africa , but maybe The Grannies can show how it is done .
By shunning violence , Kenyans demonstrated emphatically that we can settle our disputes peacefully .
During rush hour in Nairobi , it is nearly impossible for disabled people to get to the city center to work in their tiny businesses , which normally involve selling sweets and polishing shoes near the sidewalks , by public transportation . Those disabled people who do not leave the city early are forced to wait until after dusk , when they can get a seat on a bus .
We can no longer sit back and point fingers at those in government , while at the same time circumventing the law by paying bribes .
Of the five men appointed to lead the mission to persuade Gbagbo to step down , only two - Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and South Africa 's Jacob Zuma - can claim to have come to power democratically .
Even Nigeria 's Goodluck Jonathan , who heads the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- and supports military intervention against Gbagbo , can not escape such scrutiny unscathed .
In any event , if its staff 's criticism ever becomes too candid , these countries can always use their leverage to water down the public communiqués issued by the IMF 's board .
The Fund can help to prevent future crisis of this kind , but only if it first prevents undue influence on its capacity to scrutinize , and if necessary criticize , influential countries ' policies and regulations .
This requires a different governance structure in which power is more evenly distributed , so that the IMF can effectively exercise surveillance where it should , not just where it can .
It 's wonderful what technology can offer for the wealthy .
For them , climate change can be expected to bring more erratic and uncertain storms , with no guarantee of water in the well , bucket , and field .
How can it be right that those least responsible for global warming will be the worst hit and the least able to affect the global deal that we need ?
On the other hand , too much rainfall can be as bad as too little , especially when it comes out of season .
Are we happy to live in a world where the rich can rely on ever more clever technical tricks , while we ignore the right of poor countries and communities to the basic requirements of survival ?
This is not a responsibility we can shirk .
The one thing you can not do is fail to decide .
Russia , it is widely believed , can rely on domestic capital .
Unlike Yeltsin , however , Putin wo n't give up and expects that he can take advantage of the fact that America will be too busy fighting terrorism and WMD proliferation , rearranging the Middle East , and containing China to object too strongly .
This can only be produced by successful and sustained capitalist development .
The political gap can be narrowed only by indigenous capitalist development .
Putin can sit on their support , but can not ride forward with it .
There can be no better foundation for modernization than WTO membership .
He probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick .
If a government can step in to bail out failing banks , why not to protect its failing businesses or farmers as well ?
Naturally , everything can change in the future , including Russia 's constitutional norms .
If the next presidential election in Russia were held this year , and if no decision were made to banish him from Russians ' TV screens , there can be little doubt that Dmitriy Rogozin would win .
It can be dangerous to start one 's electoral campaign before other candidates , but sometimes , if one starts much earlier than everyone else , serious rivals never appear .
This means that government can no longer afford to view issues in isolation ; its operations need to be de-compartmentalized and flattened , as well as streamlined .
`` How can we be expected to build the socialist economy , '' asked a Ukrainian peasant , `` when we are all doomed to hunger ? '' We now know , after 20 years of discussion of Soviet documents , that in 1932 Stalin knowingly transformed the collectivization famine in Ukraine into a deliberate campaign of politically motivated starvation .
In light of all the evidence , I can not accept the Presidential election results in which Robert Mugabe , the sitting president , was declared a winner this month with 56 % of the 3 million votes tallied .
While one can argue that one-off devaluation was risky -- as it could have triggered a panic -- gradual depreciation should have started earlier than it did .
The crisis energized the system and shifted decision-making power to those who know about and can do something for the economy .
So the central question that Russia confronts is whether even competent economic policy can prevent economic and political collapse .
This may seem little more than an annoyance , but it has a key implication : when there is no regular schedule for board meetings , many independent directors -LRB- especially foreigners -RRB- often can not attend .
If the board chairman is not a government official and can commit to an annual schedule , highly skilled independent directors from around the world could be attracted .
We will know soon -LRB- certainly before July 1 -RRB- whether Russia 's president can implement even a part of his agenda -- and whether he is willing and able to build his own power base in the process .
In this respect , the accession countries can be divided into two broad groups . On one side are small countries - for example , the Baltic states - which use devices such as currency boards to peg their exchange rates to the euro .
These countries have proven that they can live without their own monetary policies without severe tensions .
Left to the blogs and tweets , without journalists to report the news , how can citizens decide what politics to support ?
No newspaper or broadcast news program can hope to report on what every Facebook group is up to .
The alternative is to focus on what communication technology can not do : create rather than transmit a good story or a good policy .
Similarly , regulation and enforcement to prevent market abuse was justifiable , because rational agents can also be greedy , corrupt , or even criminal .
Market efficiency and market completion theories can help reassure major financial institutions ' top executives that they must in some subtle way be doing God 's work , even when it looks at first sight as if some of their trading is simply speculation .
The nuclear power crisis at Japan 's Fukushima power plant has served as a dreadful reminder that events thought unlikely can and do happen .
Furthermore , these and other countries ' modernization activities can not be reconciled with their professed support for a world free of nuclear weapons .
The only obstacle we face in abolishing nuclear weapons is a lack of political will , which can -- and must -- be overcome .
It is true that nuclear weapons can not be uninvented , but that does not mean that nuclear disarmament is an impossible dream .
We must begin to understand that no one can help Ukraine save we Ukrainians .
My experience as chairwoman of the Verkhovna Rada Budget Committee and as deputy prime minister in the Yushchenko Cabinet proves that criminal elements here can be brought to heel if the fight against corruption is pursued with vigor and brains ; and that Ukraine can become more powerful and prosperous .
Because the grind of government can obscure enduring principle , people inspired by the best motives now find themselves on the same side as their criminal adversaries .
They have , I believe , lost their way and taken a path that can only lead back to the supremacy of arbitrary power .
If , as we were taught by Marx , belief in a higher law is a mixture of sentimentality , superstition , and unconscious rationalizations , then the predations that incited the Orange Revolution are in reality the only possible conditions in which we can live .
No human obstruction can long withstand it .
Though we may take a step back now and then , as we have recently , only by adhering to this higher law can Ukraine achieve freedom and prosperity for all .
Only by clearly articulating and defending Ukraine 's national interests can today 's dispute over gas supplies establish our role in a transformed Europe .
But no one can question that we brought more honest government , and the beginnings of a more open economy , to Ukraine .
Only by restoring our partnership can we hope to keep our Orange Revolution 's promises .
Only a second victory over Yanukovich can secure a future of freedom and hope for Ukraine 's people .
Encouraging economic and political reform are important objectives , but they can never serve as a substitute for a serious effort to contain Russia 's deep-seated expansionism .
This domestic shortage means that Gazprom is unable to increase supply to Europe , at least in the short term , unless it can buy gas at below-market rates from its Eastern European and Central Asian neighbors and in turn sell it to its European customers at market prices .
Europe can help by insisting that Russia participate in the European Energy Charter , which calls for Gazprom to grant its production competitors access to Russian pipelines , and for all disputes to be settled by international arbitration .
A decade ago , the world had a foretaste of what can happen when ethnic divisions are exploited for sinister political purposes .
So it would be wrong to say that the democratic center can not hold in Ukraine .
After all , the European Union is first and foremost a community of democracies : if Ukraine can aspire to membership , any oligarch or criminal politician who undermines that prospect will have to face the ire of all Ukrainians .
Only by securing the European identity of this entire region , and by anchoring the growing Russo-German relationship in a European context , can the European Union continue on its path of stability and prosperity .
Only by reinforcing open trading and financial relations across Europe can we hope to subdue today 's crisis .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
For Ukraine , Europe can help by embracing the free-trade agreement that we are now negotiating .
Europe can also consider using various stabilization funds to help our economy through the crisis that we are all enduring .
Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless ; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin ; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars ; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that can not meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine 's people .
Indeed , the heads of opposition or investigative journalists can literally be cut off , as happened in the case Georgi Gongadze , whose fate was prefigured in taped recordings on which President Kuchma is heard calling for Gongadze 's elimination .
But as Prague 's `` Velvet Revolution '' of 1989 demonstrated , as a last resort peaceful protests can galvanize a nation into ridding itself of a corrupt , undemocratic regime .
Ukraine 's current autumn of discontent can end , as Shakespeare suggested , in a glorious summer , for our protests seek to change our government by legitimate democratic means , to restore normal life , and to revitalize democracy and economic development in Ukraine .
Indeed , as my country , Ukraine , is now demonstrating , after revolutionary euphoria fades and normality returns , democratic revolutions can be betrayed and reversed .
But elections alone can not solve the fundamental political problems confronting Egypt and Tunisia .
In particular , they can not create a liberal order and open society .
Democratic consent can truly be given only when voters know what they are consenting to .
But , even then , it can never be justified fully , and the nameless , nagging guilt of which Primo Levi wrote so movingly invariably follows .
Anger can actually be artistically and politically creative .
Indeed , when a president volunteers to reduce the powers of his own office , you can be certain that he is up to no good .
But his term ends next year and he can not run again .
Constitutions can , and should , accommodate reform when necessary .
So Kuchma knows that he can not rely on handpicking his successor , as Yeltsin did in Russia .
But an imperial Russia can not be a democratic Russia . So Kuchma endangers freedom and human rights not only in Ukraine , but ultimately threatens Russia 's democracy as well .
Although the job of maintaining Ukraine 's democracy is primarily one for Ukrainians , the EU can help if it takes practical steps to reassure Ukrainians that they wo n't be cut off from the rest of Europe .
It can not be the case that America 's fidelity to democracy in Ukraine can be so cynically purchased .
Less certain is whether he will feel secure enough to hold a presidential election -LRB- or any other kind of election -RRB- if he can not change the constitution in a way that guarantees his continued misrule .
Economic borders can not and will not disappear until Russia and Ukraine agree on their territorial borders .
It is a deal that can only have been agreed to as the price of Russian support for Ukraine 's President Leonid Kuchma as he desperately seeks to extend his presidency beyond the two-term limit that he faces this year .
I am not one of those people who think Russia is so naturally collectivist that free trade and an open economy can not work there .
Dmitri Likhachev , one of Russia 's most respected intellectuals in the communist era , said that there is no such thing as the Russian soul ; `` we can create whatever future we want . ''
Ukraine and Russia , too , can create the future they want , but not by closing themselves off in a `` united economic space '' that , in reality , is nothing more than another dark corner .
This will diminish Russia 's chances of ever becoming a full democracy , for it can rule an empire only as a militarized state .
The old axioms are true : firmness can pay ; resolution can see you through .
Such a volatile ruling elite can not be counted on to be consistent from now on .
We recognize that an unstable government can swing back to uncompromising intransigence .
Ukrainians have endured the worst that man can do to his fellow man : Stalin 's orchestrated famines of the 1930 's and the Nazi slaughterhouse of World War II .
Nothing can ever diminish what was at stake -- and the victory that has been won -- on the streets of Kyiv .
Self-confidence among the governed and caution among the rulers : these are the psychological springs of democracy and true freedom , and they can never again be diverted in our homeland .
This policy can stymie rural development and diminish poverty alleviation .
One can imagine two scenarios for the dollar over the next five years .
Although the bigger EU countries have embarked on a policy to protect their industries as long as the crisis continues , they will doubtless be unsuccessful , because no country can ultimately halt structural adjustment by offering subsidies .
Only when Europe has a dynamic internal market can balanced European growth occur .
And achieving that goal is more important than ever , because it will be some time before the US can re-assume the role of locomotive for the world economy .
Against this picture then , it is hard not to expect developing countries to exploit their abundant coal resources to generate power for their own development , especially given that modern technology can help produce coal cleanly .
Turkey insists that such decisions can not be taken unilaterally , and that a NATO-wide consensus is necessary to change this critical element of the alliance 's nuclear deterrence .
On the contrary , it is one that others can emulate .
As with corporate monopolies , the consumers -LRB- students -RRB- are often seen as a homogeneous mass , where all students can be educated according to the same pedagogical approach .
Anyone -- parents , teachers , or even companies -- can apply for a license to operate a school .
The amount of financing per student is the same , and schools that receive vouchers can not charge additional fees .
The voucher system means that all students , irrespective of family income , can attend the school of their choice .
Only then can they be assured access to the resources essential for treatment options .
The alternative scenario can be called Blueprints , which resembles a cautious ride , with some false starts , on a road that is still under construction .
Companies can suggest possible routes to get there , but governments are in the driver 's seat .
Everyone understands that the Iraqi government 's improved attitude is caused by the Bush administration 's sabre-rattling , but no one can tell whether this is a prelude to an inevitable war or a stratagem to make Iraq cooperate with UN weapons inspectors .
Obviously , the US can not remove this uncertainty without robbing the sabre-rattling of its beneficial effect .
Europe can constructively participate in such discussion provided it first clears the way by :
So it may well be wiser to induce Iraq to readmit the UN weapons inspectors and make sure they can do their job .
Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains , and the US may conclude that it can not afford that .
Many Europeans will argue that they can not condone military action without a Security Council mandate .
Nor can they be considered the first tentative steps towards such a shared destiny , in the manner of the 1952 European Coal and Steel Community Treaty , which began the project for European unity .
At first glance , the almost constant bombardment of integration proposals in Latin America makes it appear as if the region 's presidents are trying to outdo each other in seeing who can come up with the greatest number of proposals .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern .
Politicians are often accused of promising what can not be delivered .
With the currency at a level that makes Argentina competitive again , reconstruction can begin .
If there was ever any doubt , events of the last few years should have reinforced the lesson that too much capital chasing short-term yield can distort exchange rates and asset prices , potentially leading to financial catastrophe .
Recipient countries can attempt to throw up barriers , but the tsunami of liquidity threatens to sweep over them .
The dollar depreciation engineered by the US Federal Reserve seems an appealing proposition from the American standpoint , but the economies of Latin America can not and should not bear the burden of dollar realignment .
They can help steer the world toward coordinated recovery and save many emerging economies from becoming innocent casualties in other people 's wars .
And while only 37 % of inflows in 2006 were `` hot money '' that can leave at a moment 's notice , last year such inflows accounted for 69 % of the total .
If rich-country central banks can buy long term bonds , then emerging-country central banks can buy dollar-denominated bonds .
All we can look forward to is the next G-20 communiqué .
But informal output is of little use for debt service if it can not be taxed .
This can be accomplished in two ways : sharply cutting the interest rate paid by Greece , or reducing the face value of the debt .
And Spain is doing all it can to avoid the contagion .
It is high time for business leaders to be more candid about where their real constituencies lie , and for national politicians to recognize that they can no longer wield control over the giants of today 's European business .
If the US and other member states join the IDB and take on the responsibility to improve conditions in the Americas , they can not then use their membership to undermine the basic rights of the people they claim to serve simply to advance their own political agenda .
A coalition of the willing that intervenes in an Arab country can not be composed only of European powers and the US . Agreement from the Arab League was vital , as was securing a vote in the United Nations Security Council .
But the lesson of the Libyan intervention is that division can be overcome if the will exists .
Europe is not a monolith , but in many areas it can still act coherently , even without complete agreement .
A study by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry identified five main sectors that can act as `` engines of growth '' to boost Indo-Africa trade : pharmaceuticals and the health sector , information technology , water management , food processing , and education .
It can be argued that the sophisticated loan packages created by banks in recent years are , likewise , a new and unknown product , so information and experience to aid pricing has been scarce and dispersed .
This explains why the market can look like Keynes 's casino in the short term and like Hayek 's marvel in the long term .
If , on the other hand , we believe that economic actors will respond rationally to incentives and information , then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures , including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles , tougher disclosure requirements , and controls on rating agencies ' conflicts of interests .
If large firms can shape the playing field in their favor through their influence on the political process and regulation -- thereby keeping out new entrants in their industries and shifting costs to society -- a whole new perspective on competition policy follows .
The issue is not only that firms that become systemically vital may blackmail society , but also that very large firms can tilt the playing field to further their interests at society 's expense .
Firms can be made to internalize the costs they impose on society with appropriate regulation -LRB- for example , capital requirements with a systemic charge for financial institutions -RRB- , but it is not so obvious what to do with `` excessive '' influence that comes with size .
The problem is that regulation is unlikely to eliminate completely market failures : the competition-stability trade-off can be ameliorated , but not eliminated .
If you do n't take bribes , how can you pay off the boss ?
Pay $ 100 bucks and you can drive around with no brakes ! ''
For a price you can get into any college , no matter your credentials .
You can drive drunk , speed , ignore red lights - provided Ben Franklin is there to be given to the police .
Now Russia 's prime minister tells us that democracy is indeed great , but that public protests can not take place in public places , say , around hospitals and the like .
Today 's dissenters are indeed a minority and of course can be disregarded , but only up to a point .
Such people can not be dismissed as useless , since we need the innovation that they deliver , even if we think Russia does n't need democracy .
Our leaders talk obsessively of Russia 's industrial modernization , of their support for innovations such as nanotechnology , so that Russia can catch up with the developed counties .
For immunization of this sort to be successful , it is important to first clarify what can turn someone into a jihadi .
The number of potential terrorist recruits can only be estimated , but it corresponds more or less to the percentage of the population in any Western society that is likely to be involved in violent crime .
A second example : it has been known since antiquity that normal people who recently experienced a significant loss -- especially of a loved one -- can have the same symptoms -LRB- e.g. , sadness , insomnia , fatigue , loss of interest in usual activities , lessened appetite -RRB- as those indicating major depressive disorder .
Arizona law allows any interested party to report an individual 's bizarre or threatening behavior to the authorities , who can involuntarily commit the individual for psychiatric evaluation .
Moreover , the US Constitution prohibits preventive detention : even severely disturbed individuals can not be detained involuntarily unless judged an imminent threat to themselves or others .
Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev , paving the way for the political abuse of psychiatric diagnosis , argued that , `` Of those who might start calling for opposition to Communism ... , we can say that clearly their mental state is not normal . ''
So , what can be done ?
Americans must acknowledge that educational and medical privacy laws require limited exceptions for notification of family and authorities when clear signs of severe mental illness surface , so that colleges and other institutions can take timely action .
Adequate community mental-health services with educational outreach can induce disturbed youth to get help voluntarily .
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
As a former judge at the ICTY , I can attest to the indispensable role that prosecutors inevitably play . They ensure that key legal and factual issues get raised , that the best evidence is obtained -- often through diplomatic means , but often at risk of life and limb in hostile territory -- that guilty pleas do not dilute the truth , and that sentencing recommendations are commensurate with the crimes ' true dimensions .
We want to infect you with the dream that anyone can become part of a new movement with the potential to change the world of education . This movement can redefine forever how knowledge is created and used .
But now the puzzle pieces of the Open Education movement have come together , so that anyone , anywhere can write , assemble , customize , and publish their own open course or textbook .
Together , we can all help transform the way the world develops , disseminates , and uses knowledge .
Together , we can help make the dream of Open Education a reality .
Globalization stands accused of generating economic instability in developing countries and greatly exacerbating poverty , at least in the short run -- which is the longest period the world 's poor can afford to care about .
But whatever the reason , these so-called `` remittances '' -- the cash workers send home to countries like Colombia , Haiti , Jamaica , Mexico , and Bangladesh -- act as a safety net that their governments typically need but can not afford to provide .
In contrast , it might be more difficult for a migrant in a distant country to assess the extent to which family members back home , knowing that they can always rely on the remittances , are responsible for other forms of income loss .
Given that family members are the best judge of need , migration and remittances may , in fact , constitute a foreign-aid framework that is better targeted and more effective than any government program can ever be .
While we should n't exaggerate the Internet 's benefits , it can reduce business costs , increase access to information , and create opportunities .
Either way , the result can be an environment hostile to people and businesses wishing to use new technologies .
In addition to capricious laws such as those criminalizing Internet telephony , many poor countries strictly control the number of Internet Service Providers -LRB- ISPs -RRB- that can operate .
If the economy can not maintain high growth rates , mounting unemployment could combine with an accumulation of unresolved political and social issues to create a risk of major social unrest .
Most forecasts suggest that , with a huge effort , China can maintain 8 % growth in 2009 .
The benefits of these models are supposedly so obvious that it seems incomprehensible that ASEAN 's leaders can not see them .
Asian disunity can be overcome only if Asia as a whole confronts a common enemy .
It is in this context that we can see why Asian leaders appear two-faced or unreliable in the eyes of Europe and the US .
Asia can not afford to unite against the West .
But Asia equally can not afford to divide itself by ostracizing one of its parts .
Sri Lanka 's tragedy reminds us how many things can go wrong when old Asian polities seek to establish modern nation states .
Even a visit to a bookstore can shock anyone who first came to know China decades ago , when it seemed inconceivable that works by non-Marxist theorists would ever outnumber those by Marxists .
As political scientist Kevin O'Brien has argued , China 's increased readiness to compromise with some domestic protesters , rather than treat all forms of collective action as subversive , can be seen as reflecting a growing sense of security .
Conversely , some of China 's most disturbing moves can be chalked up to exaggerated feelings of insecurity .
They now base their legitimacy on the notion that the Party , which rose to power as the nation fought foreign domination , is uniquely qualified to keep China from being bullied in a hostile international arena , and that only they can provide the stable environment needed for growth .
Outsiders are increasingly convinced that China is a superpower , and that it needs to show that it can be a responsible one . But China 's rulers only sometimes embrace the designation -- and the Party still sometimes behaves as if it had only a tenuous hold on power .
There are undoubtedly `` natural '' barriers , such as language and national mentalities , which can not be overcome swiftly . But there are also big `` man-made '' barriers , particularly those created by different national legislation in the fields of investor and consumer protection .
The question is not one of aligning tax rates , which can and should be determined by competition .
Customers can , for the first time , make all their euro payments as safely , efficiently , and conveniently as they do at home .
The remaining barriers to cross-border mergers and acquisitions also need to be removed so that EU banks can grow big enough to compete globally .
Although direct legal obstacles have been eliminated in Europe , indirect obstacles such as taxation -- which can make a merger unprofitable -- persist .
While public banks can -- and do -- buy private banks , the reverse is blocked by law , which distorts competition .
How , then , can one respect both traditions ?
A similar solution should be found for the European Constitution . Europe can not preach cultural pluralism and practice constitutional imperialism .
In this area , as in many others , Europe can lead by example and offer an alternative to American -LRB- and French -RRB- constitutional separationism . It can be a living illustration that religion is no longer afraid of democracy and that democracy is no longer afraid of religion .
The truest pluralism is embodied by states that can , on the one hand , effectively guarantee both religious freedom and freedom from religion , yet acknowledge without fear-even in their constitutions-the living faith of many of their citizens .
We need only recall the chaotic atmosphere during the recent United Nations climate conference in Copenhagen to fear the kind of disordered and disappointing result that can arise from the desire of everyone to be in the room and to be applauded everywhere at once -- and to have every means of doing so .
Yet nobody can deny that the ways of diplomacy in 2010 are vastly different from -- and arguably superior to -- those in 1910 , with better results all around .
This can be done only by the tried and tested ways of matching advocacy with professionalism , and by nourishing a new generation of international public servants called diplomats .
Uzbekistan , which ought to welcome all the help it can get and probably does n't object to greater OSCE involvement in principle , is nonetheless dragging its feet , supposedly because of jealousy over all the attention Kazakhstan is gaining from its chairmanship .
He specifically cited continued cooperation in Afghanistan , where Russia is providing logistical support for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , as `` a clear indication that common interests can transcend disagreements in other areas . ''
Although Russian designers can still develop first-class weapons , Russia 's defense companies , which have yet to recover from the traumatic disintegration of the Soviet military-industrial complex , remain unable to manufacture large numbers of the most advanced systems .
Much recent attention has focused on how NATO , Afghan , and Pakistani security forces can collaborate to defeat the insurgency and prevent the country from becoming a terrorist haven again .
In the end , Afghans themselves will need to sustain the economic and security progress that foreign allies can only help to jumpstart .
As far as can be determined , that object detonated on June 30 , 1908 , with the power of a nuclear weapon , felling 80 million trees over a 2,000-square-kilometer area .
This raises the issue of who should pay for such a mission and , more fundamentally , who can authorize it .
Having this mixture helps ensure that if technological developments render one leg vulnerable , the others can still threaten sufficient retaliation .
For example , while Western representatives generally view Iran as an emerging threat , many Russians still insist that the Iranian regime remains a proliferation challenge that can be managed through non-BMD means such as diplomacy and limited international sanctions .
They therefore presume that , despite American professions to the contrary , the US seeks BMD capabilities that can negate Russia 's strategic deterrent under the guise of protecting America and its allies from Iran .
· Bi-national and multi-national jointly manned centers where Russian personnel can see the non-threatening nature of US and NATO missile-defense activities ;
· Joint Russian-US expert studies regarding how BMD might affect Russia 's nuclear deterrent and what steps can be taken to minimize any problems ;
· Expanded NATO-Russian theater-level BMD exercises that build on earlier collaboration -- disrupted by Russia 's August 2008 war with Georgia -- and that rehearse how deployed NATO and Russian forces can jointly defend against missile threats ; and
But the Obama administration can not sign an agreement stating that it will deliberately constrain America 's ability to protect itself and its allies from foreign missile attacks .
Despite these problems , some of Russia 's BMD-related concerns can be addressed through mutually agreed transparency and confidence-building initiatives .
Such strengthening can only be achieved by a fundamental reform of the UN 's internal structure .
The world can not do without rules ; it can not move forward against our age 's most pressing problems without defined legal rules and the institutions that regulate international law .
Across the board , more global rules are needed so that global efforts to confront poverty , disease , and mass migration can be made consistent , predictable and most of all effective .
We have the Rome Statute of International Criminal Code ; we are heading for an innovative guide to best practice on how civil society organizations can best contribute to the work of the UN ; and we now have a large coalition , far beyond NATO , combatting terrorism .
In most parts of China , farming can no longer sustain a respectable standard of living .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
There can be no doubt that those who are attempting to help people involved in disasters and trauma have noble motives , but that is not enough .
Open societies demand reliable institutions , and these can not be created overnight .
Here is where the constitutional assembly underway in Brussels can and must link enlargement with reform of the Union , for enlargement must also be used to strengthen the transparency and democratic legitimacy of the EU .
But the most important question of EU democracy is this : a nation can vote its government out of office when it is not satisfied , but this is not possible in the EU .
The Commission can not be voted out of office because it was never actually voted into office .
Although sentiment favoring a secular state is considerable , a coalition that can serve as an alternative or counterweight to the Muslim Brotherhood will be difficult to assemble .
The job of democratic governments is to provide the resources that can make delivery of this aid possible .
Pragmatic steps to clarify the FSB 's mandate and enhance its operational effectiveness can and should be taken .
If we calculate the time and energy lost in developing nations to gathering , treating , and storing water , and the health burden caused by a lack of decent drinking water and sanitation , the costs of creating a typical water and sewer network can remain higher than the benefits .
Often , they prioritize electrification ahead of running water , even though electricity is not essential for life : whatever the inconvenience , water can be carted home from a vendor or a well , but there is no convenient way to carry electricity .
Piping clean water without improving sanitation can in some cases actually exacerbate the spread of infectious agents .
Just as the conventional wisdom that all networked water and sanitation systems are good investments can be wrong , it can be wrong in assuming that all dams are bad investments .
A deep borehole with a hand pump can typically service about 300 people , with a monthly cost per household of about $ 2.25 .
However , simply providing access to such facilities can be surprisingly ineffective -- a significant number are never used .
Yet the coalition forces are catching up . No one can safely predict what the result will be .
It can now provide a credible alternative to challenge his authoritarian regime .
Moreover , it is doubtful that great progress can be made at the primary and secondary levels until a higher standard of science learning is set at the post-secondary level .
Rather , it is about developing a way of thinking about a discipline that reflects a particular perception of how `` knowledge '' is established , its extent and limitations , how it describes nature , and how it can be usefully applied in a variety of contexts .
For example , ten years of studies of the possible health effects of a class of carbon-based nanomaterials known as fullerenes report that the soccer-ball-shaped fullerene molecules known as `` buckyballs , '' are powerful antioxidants , comparable in strength to vitamin E. Other studies report that some types of buckyballs can be toxic to tumor cells .
Toxicity can be evaluated by putting buckyballs into a fish tank , but we must also find out whether buckyballs would ever actually arrive in a real world `` fish tank `` such as a lake or river .
But with foresight and care , nanotechnology can develop in a manner that will improve our wellbeing and that of our planet .
There are two ways in which the dollar 's role in the international monetary system can be reduced .
This can be dealt with by setting aside part of the IMF 's large gold stock .
But one can envisage a system in which international reserves are held each in roughly equal shares of dollars , euros -LRB- assuming a further gradual increase in its share -RRB- , and SDRs .
The Mind 's New Eye CAMBRIDGE -- Modern physics and cosmology suggest that basic truths about how nature operates , and how our universe arose , are visible only to those who can see events that occur faster than the time it takes for light to cross a proton , and whose vision can resolve sub-nuclear distances .
Fortunately , that does not rule out humans , for we can augment the eyes we were born with .
I will forego all that , and skip to the chase : what can we hope to see ?
We have discovered that we can get a much simpler set of equations for fundamental physics by supposing that what we ordinarily perceive as empty space is actually a medium .
There is every reason to believe that the worldwide competition for human talent , the race to produce innovative research , the push to extend university campuses to multiple countries , and the rush to train talented graduates who can strengthen increasingly knowledge-based economies will be good for the US as well .
More PhD production and burgeoning research in China , for instance , does n't take away from America 's store of learning ; on the contrary , it enhances what we know and can accomplish .
By resisting protectionist barriers at home and abroad , by continuing to recruit and welcome the world 's best students , by sending more students overseas , by fostering cross-national research collaboration , and by strengthening its own research universities , the US can sustain its well-established academic excellence while continuing to expand the sum total of global knowledge and prosperity .
This means that we can preserve acreage for watersheds , parks , or other environmental or historical sites , but allow property owners to sell and transfer their building rights elsewhere .
Many of these innovations , I believe , can be reproduced in other large cities as well .
Mild depression can result in brooding on negative aspects of self or others , feeling resentful , irritable or angry much of the time , feeling sorry for oneself , and needing constant reassurance from someone .
It can also result in various physical complaints that do not seem to be caused by any physical illness .
Research has shown that combining the ancient practice of meditation with modern psychotherapies can accomplish this .
The classes also include basic education about our moods , and several exercises from cognitive therapy that show the links between thinking and feeling and how participants can best look after themselves when a crisis threatens to overwhelm them .
They find that they can stay in touch with the present moment without having to ruminate about the past or worry about the future .
Two controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that MBCT can reduce the likelihood of relapse by about 40-50 % in people who have suffered three or more previous episodes of depression .
But it should also be thinking ahead about how it can demonstrate a stronger commitment to security , democracy , and prosperity in the European `` neighborhood . ''
Russia has begun a war of words over Ukraine 's supply of arms to Georgia . And the conflict itself has shown that the Russian Black Sea Fleet , based in Sevastopol , can operate with impunity , whether Ukraine likes it or not .
Many member states will worry about leaping straight to the contentious issue of ultimate membership for Ukraine , but the EU already recognizes Ukraine 's theoretical right to join once it has met the Copenhagen criteria ; and it can not be beyond EU leaders ' verbal dexterity to play up the prospect .
A stronger RMB can help only the overheated Chinese economy . And it has the virtue of doing so without hurting China 's future production capacity .
In the face of these threats , what can be done to strengthen the non-proliferation regime ?
Selectivity and narrow reinterpretation can only weaken the Treaty .
Developing a new set of non-proliferation mechanisms would be a waste time that we can not afford , because any new protocol would have a dubious legal basis and encourage further imbalances in implementation .
But these potential gains will be realized only if US President Barack Obama gives India the attention it deserves , and if both countries broaden the strategic stake by involving their private sectors in issues that governments alone can not resolve .
By getting India into the G-8 and other multilateral institutions , the US can ensure that India 's growing role in the world carries commensurate responsibilities .
Beyond government cooperation , the creativity and dynamism of businesses , NGOs and private citizens in both countries hold the key to what India and the US can offer each other and the world .
India and the US are natural partners in meeting this challenge , with innovative scientists and venture capitalists who can take technology breakthroughs from the lab to the market , and NGOs with vast grassroots conservation and public advocacy experience .
Similar coalitions can be assembled to dent global poverty by fostering a second green revolution in Indian agriculture , to enhance India 's role in the global economy through vocational and higher education , and to tackle the worldwide spread of AIDS .
Human institutions , like human beings , can collapse with surprising speed once they have outlived their usefulness .
The dramatic dissolution of the Soviet Union stands as a reminder of what can happen to organizations when doubts take hold as to whether they still serve any real interests other than those of their own apparatchiks -- and how suddenly such doubts can grow when they attempt to convert themselves into something they are not .
Americans may find their -LRB- old -RRB- European allies less pliable than before -- but they can at least count on the absence of any serious alternatives for what NATO should become , or what it should do .
Europeans can continue to avoid responsibility for their own security , and to invoke the catechism of `` NATO , the corner-stone of our security '' as a substitute for serious strategic thought .
Europe will be united by the Chinese . '' Only collectively can Europeans be effective contributors to global security , or achieve a robust transatlantic security partnership .
This past fall , we convened a task force under the auspices of the Asia Society to consider how the US can best pursue a path of engagement with Burma .
These programs produce powerful agents for community development in Burma , and can significantly improve the prospects for better governance .
If there is no recourse but to pursue stronger sanctions , the US should coordinate with others , including the European Union and ASEAN , to impose targeted financial and banking measures to ensure that military leaders and their associates can not evade the impact of what otherwise would be less-effective unilateral sanctions .
In adjusting its policy toward Burma , the US must face reality with a clear vision of what its foreign policy can achieve .
Though we can now debate what the penalty for water-boarding should be , America as a nation , maintaining an odd silence , still can not seem to discuss the sexual crimes involved .
As in a family , only when people start to speak out and tell the truth about rape and sexual assault can the healing begin .
In these circumstances , the Tea Party activists ' focus on supporting states ' autonomy -- and even on property rights and the right to bear arms -- can seem like a prescient effort to constrain overweening corporate and military power in national government .
And I hope that the movement captures the imagination of progressives , who are equally disgusted with the corruption of the status quo , and who can agree on many thematic goals , even if their policy proposals might be different .
At its worst , any populist movement can descend to demagoguery .
But the Cameron government 's approach is more sinister than the old right-wing tactic of taking aim at disciplines that can be derided as effete .
Many women said something like this : `` When I wear Western clothes , men stare at me , objectify me , or I am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines , which are hard to live up to -- and even harder as you get older , not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time .
When sexuality is kept private and directed in ways seen as sacred -- and when one 's husband is n't seeing his wife -LRB- or other women -RRB- half-naked all day long -- one can feel great power and intensity when the headscarf or the chador comes off in the sanctity of the home .
Among healthy young men in the West , who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner , reduced libido is a growing epidemic , so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture .
And it is worth understanding the positive experiences that women -- and men -- can have in cultures where sexuality is more conservatively directed .
Years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for American children to understand that their bodies are their own , that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable , and that they can expect to be protected from such violation .
Welcome to America 's current reality , in which threats are hyped so that a handful of insiders can make a killing .
When victims are not kept hidden , it becomes much clearer that rape can happen to anyone -- grandmothers and students , homemakers and prostitutes .
In a fevered environment , without good editorial validation or tools for sourcing , citizens can be preyed upon and whipped up by demagogues , as we saw in recent weeks at Sarah Palin 's rallies after Internet theories painted Barack Obama as a terrorist or in league with terrorists .
One can imagine that he is applying that old adage , `` Keep your friends close and your enemies closer . ''
One can also imagine that he did it to secure the women 's vote .
I call on states throughout the land to re-institute the study of US civics so that we will produce citizens who understand our legacy and can defend liberty and the Constitution when it is threatened .
`` Join me in accomplishing these next five tasks , and we can look at ourselves in the mirror again , recognizing ourselves as true Americans . ''
A modern society does need educated people : not just engineers , chemists , and doctors , but millions of people who can write coherent letters , fill in complicated forms , explain insurance policies , and interpret statistical data from machines on factory floors .
Some of these skills can be learned only in universities ; others can -LRB- and should -RRB- be mastered in primary and secondary schools .
Moreover , for every South Korea , and every Hong Kong , we can also find developing countries where expanding education merely fueled competition for white-collar jobs in a bloated , deadweight state bureaucracy .
The phase-out of ozone depleting substances through the Montreal Protocol , for instance , shows what can be done when the international community works together .
Three areas can help speed progress :
Lack of jobs can lead to increased frustration and hopelessness on such a scale that ensuing social and political ferment could make tomorrow 's world far less stable and secure than that of today .
They are part of a strange paradox , one that is ubiquitous in the developing world : in villages in Africa , young people can buy Coca-Cola , but they have no clean water .
Fortunately , we can learn from other cities such as Stockholm , Singapore , and London , which have successfully implemented them .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Kan has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership .
But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post-World-War-II Japanese government has ever faced before .
But can central banks stabilize a falling price index as effectively as a rising one ?
Some economists argue that once deflation sets in , central banks are powerless because nominal interest rates can not be pushed below zero .
In a deflationary environment , this means that real interest rates - that are all that matter for economic stimulus - can not be pushed as low as might be necessary to boost demand and stem downward pressure on prices .
When current overnight rates can no longer be lowered , it is vital that a central bank credibly signal its intention to maintain looser policy in the future , when it will have more room to maneuver .
What can be done to stabilize an economy when nominal interest rates can not be lowered any further , but prices still fall and the output gap -- the difference between what it can produce and what it actually does produce -- remains wide ?
Paul Krugman , for example , calls deflation a `` black hole '' : once you fall into it , monetary policy becomes ineffective because no amount of monetary expansion can further reduce interest rates .
Is there any point in having an inflation target that can not be met ?
The `` zero bound '' on short_term rates does represent an important constraint on what monetary stabilization can achieve , but it is a more modest barrier than deflation pessimists insist .
This is true even when current rates can not be lowered any further -- and even if inflation expectations remain unaffected -- owing to the effects of the expected future path of short rates on current long-term interest rates and on the exchange rate .
Because changes in carbon dioxide emissions , unlike pollutants such as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide , can not be easily detected , and because of the multi-century persistence of CO2 in the atmosphere , the problem of reducing its level in the atmosphere is much harder to solve than are other environmental problems .
Public debate is also confused by an `` all-or-nothing '' mind-set , with skeptics contending that if any portion of climate change is naturally caused -LRB- say , by the earth 's axis tilting over a period of millennia -RRB- then none of it can be anthropogenic .
Regarding oil , which dominates transportation , the high concentration of deposits in the Middle East , especially those that can be most cheaply exploited , makes oil-importing countries hostage both to terrorist attacks on the oil infrastructure and to monopoly-determined prices .
Oil 's monopoly over transportation can in part be destroyed by electrification -LRB- via plug-in hybrid electric vehicles , for example -RRB- , and also by second-generation biofuels , such as butanol from cellulosic feedstocks , and by algae - and waste-based biofuels .
Many nations can also learn a great deal from Denmark 's creative use of waste heat for cogeneration .
While the economic toll of graft can not be precisely quantified , indirect evidence suggests that the costs are significant .
Standard & Poor 's analyst Juan Pablo de Mollein points out that Mexico does not have a liquid secondary market where mortgage securities can be traded to buyers who are far removed from the original issuer .
He emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses , in education , or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term .
Dogs are able to follow human pointing gestures to find hidden food , and they can indicate successfully to their owners by their own pointing actions where a hidden toy is located .
Under certain circumstances , dogs understand that a human who can not see them -LRB- because , for example , she is blindfolded -RRB- is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured .
Thus France can not meet the Pact 's deficit target .
The Stability Pact is too crude and technocratic : a 3 % deficit target enforced by Brussels bureaucrats can not bind real-life politicians .
Decisions on such issues can not be delegated ; they must remain in the hands of elected governments and be subject to parliamentary approval and oversight .
That task does not differ from monetary policy and can be delegated to an independent body .
They look upon economics as an ideological battleground , where all views can be entertained without being confronted with logic , much less with facts .
The bloated French public sector , which many see as the employer of last resort , can not afford its expensive personnel .
Except for a fringe of die-hard Marxists -- which can still collect up to 10 % of the votes -- there is a keen sense that deep reforms are needed to come to grip with the high unemployment and poor growth of the last decade .
Governments can borrow what they need to pay out now , and service this debt as reforms yield benefits .
Not only is paying up-front against future benefits efficient and fair , but it also can provide strong incentives for policy makers to weed out bad reforms .
The private sector has been entirely rebuilt and is vibrant , but it can not remain competitive if fiscal demands are not reduced -- a familiar problem in Europe as a whole .
When President Jacques Chirac 's first government attempted such a reform in 1995 , railroad workers , who can retire at age 50 or 55 , spearheaded the resistance .
It remains to be seen whether it can effectively restore some monetary-policy influence .
Boosting competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation may not succeed in raising exports in a situation where world trade is rapidly contracting , but it can cushion the blow by switching demand toward domestically produced goods and services .
The momentum of this rising demand in China for `` rights '' can also be seen in the coverage of other major events in the traditional media .
Ordinary internet users can also write about events they witness and broadcast their reports online , making the suppression of important breaking news almost impossible .
How can an enterprise being restructured , say , find a way to issue securities for financing if it can not meet conventional standards such as profitability and net asset value , as required by the Company Law and the Securities Law ?
To prevent fraud , an acute problem in the past , the new law established a `` right of rescission , '' whereby the receiver can ask courts to rescind any action by a debtor that involves fraud , evasion , or unfair liquidation in the prescribed period before a bankruptcy petition is accepted and assets recovered . The system now holds the key to fairness liquidation .
Rulers who rely mostly on military or economic might divorced from morality , he argued , can not achieve long-term success on the international stage .
China 's policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign-policy circles in the near future .
At a press conference this month , he said that economic reform can not succeed without political reform , and that corruption currently poses the gravest danger to China .
But what can not yet be seen is how Palestinians will view Hamas .
Whether Hamas can claim a victory -- and whether Palestinians will believe them will be determined by the type of ceasefire that is eventually agreed , if a formal one is eventually agreed .
More importantly , Hamas can demonstrate that its leaders have been on the front lines during this war , sharing Palestinian suffering ; many have been killed , along with their families .
In such circumstances , the Mosque becomes the sole public space in which people can voice political views .
But until the West stops regarding dead babies as political props , we can not understand how the Muslim world perceives all that has happened since September 11 , 2001 .
Yet Israel , America , and the region 's moderates can benefit from the deepening schism in the Arab\/Muslim world . That schism is being consolidated by Saudi support of all the region 's Sunni Muslims .
Attempting to politically isolate and disarm Hezbollah is a task that the EU-led UN force can not accomplish and should not attempt , for it would mean war , with Syria and Iran in the background .
So a neat Shia-Sunni dividing line can not be drawn .
Moreover , Abdullah understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that Metternich built .
The problem is that Abdullah can not rely on his domestic conservative allies to give him the time that the Kingdom needs .
After all , few political systems can defend against those , like Saudi Arabia 's Islamic radicals , who claim that they can preserve the system and its religious values more effectively than the current rulers .
Only an alliance of conservative leaders and powers -LRB- including a retreat by America from diplomatic radicalism -RRB- , Abdullah believes , can restore some stability to the Middle East .
Indeed , for the first time in Russia 's history in the Middle East , it can depend on genuinely powerful local allies .
Indeed , the empowerment of Iraq 's long-suppressed Shia has raised expectations among Saudi Arabia 's Shia that they , too , can gain first-class status .
One-third of the Guantánamo detainees are Yemeni , but Yemen can not guarantee the United States that the detainees will be controlled effectively if they are returned home .
Building fences and sending helicopters to police the borders will not be sufficient , and the idea that jihadis can be rehabilitated is a myth .
Yet there are things the Saudis can do to vaccinate themselves , and Yemen , from fanaticism .
This should not be impossible , because both Saudi Arabia and Yemen have moderate , indigenous Islamic traditions that can be mobilized against jihadism .
The GCC can and must assume that role .
Yemen is strategically important , not only for Saudi Arabia , but for the world , because it is the only country on the Arabian Peninsula from which oil can reach the open seas without passing through a narrow strait -- either the Strait of Hormuz or the Suez Canal .
The states in the Middle East can be characterized by a series of `` F-words : '' failed , frozen , flexible , flourishing , or frightening .
The forthcoming London conference could prove to be either a trap for the West or the beginning of a true effort at the kind of domestic reform that can prevent Yemen from becoming another Afghanistan .
The Kingdom and the Afghan Chaos LONDON -- In his quest to stabilize his country , Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai , dressed in white robes , arrived last week in Mecca on what can only be called a diplomatic pilgrimage .
One card the Saudis can play is their severe Islamic ideology , which the Taliban shares .
But , given Saudi Arabia 's past record of supporting radicalism in Afghanistan , it is highly unlikely that the Kingdom can help secure this aim .
Like other dictators in their political death throes -- former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Libya 's Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi , for example -- Saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart : the Muslim Brotherhood , al-Qaeda attacks , Iranian regional hegemony , and the breakup of Yemen . Après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule .
The reality is that the US has known for weeks that it can not save Saleh 's regime .
Finally , the US now appears to have concluded that Saleh 's regime can not be revived .
But can the nascent democracies being built in Egypt and Tunisia , and sought in Bahrain , Libya , Syria , Yemen , and elsewhere , see off the threats posed by Islamic extremists ?
In particular , can it defeat the Salafi\/Wahhabi thought that has long nurtured Osama bin Laden and his ilk , and which remains the professed and protected ideology of Saudi Arabia ?
Al Qaeda and democracy can not coexist .
True democracy , of course , can not coexist with Al Qaeda ; but it also can not coexist with an obscurantist monarchy enthralled to a fundamentalist ideology .
If some Najdi may now be mistrusted , where can the al-Saud turn ?
Whereas Abdullah at least talked about reform -LRB- though with no real consequences -RRB- , Naif can barely bring himself to utter the word .
The royals believe that custodianship of Islam 's holy places gives them a special status in the Arab world , and that no revolution can touch them .
A key early test of Abdullah 's kingship will be if he can succeed in freeing the hundreds of political reformers now in prison , especially three respected academics whom he encouraged to make reform proposals , only to be incarcerated by Naif .
So Saudi Arabia 's people confront this key question : can an authoritative ruler emerge who will reunite the country in the progressive tradition of the late King Faisal ?
The direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom Abdullah chooses to name as the successor to Prince Sultan , Naif 's chief ally who has already been named Abdullah 's heir .
If Abdullah -LRB- aged 83 -RRB- can perhaps skip a generation and appoint a more open-minded younger figure , there may be hope .
More fundamentally , no one should think that North Korea 's totalitarian communist system can be changed overnight .
No one inside or outside can remove its anachronistic dynastic-communist regime , and no outsider can hope to modify quickly the policy behavior of its fossilized military , party , and administrative bureaucrats .
Where in the world can you find a more isolated , regimented and militarized dynastic mutation of a communist totalitarian system than in North Korea ?
Where on earth can you see a nuclear-armed , missile-shooting panhandler such as Kim Jong-il ?
Likewise , where else but in South Korea can you find a Christian church whose registered membership runs upwards of 800,000 , and where nearly 100,000 adherents attend each of the three Sunday services every week ?
Where else can you witness an ex-president commit suicide by jumping off a cliff near his residence ?
Setting the blame game aside , what can be done with North Korea ?
After all , once Russia 's richest man can be stripped of his assets at any moment , ordinary Russian businessmen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky .
Today , the business community understands that the Prosecutor General 's Office can find any pretext to go after any one of them .
If prosecutors can treat huge businesses so roughly , what hope is there for medium and small businesses ?
After that , can anyone seriously doubt that the craving for fresh prey will intensify ?
Most importantly , there is no one in power who can change the country 's economic policies .
But , given the tastes and appetites of Moscow 's mayor , you can assume that he will continue to pour what money remains into the city 's building boom .
With a feeling of approaching freedom , any economic crisis can be endured more easily .
But there you can read very pessimistic estimates of the country 's economic future .
But , outside Russia , no responsible economists can even begin to say whether the crisis is truly over .
Now that oil price has reached $ 80 per barrel , Russia 's central bank can start buying foreign currency again .
But how long can such a situation last ?
Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . But a sudden backward regression can lead to despair , which we feel today .
Discussion about the `` de-Zionization '' of Israel can also be heard at universities worldwide and even among Jewish leftists .
The idea of a bi-national Israeli-Palestinian state embodies the dangerous illusion that two peoples who are utterly different in their language , religion , culture , and history , who are divided by a deep economic chasm and connected to their own external worlds -- the Palestinians to the Arab world and Israelis to the rest of world Jewry -- can be combined in the framework of a single state .
In the end , however , logic prevailed over escapism and hesitation , a ceasefire was signed , and we can only regret all the time that was lost and the unnecessary suffering on both sides .
So can it last and evolve into something durable ?
In a state of war , people get used to the status quo and can not imagine anything else .
So this truce must be seen not as a piece of paper with some legal significance , but as a young plant that needs to be tended to , watered , nursed , and protected , so that it grows into a strong and robust tree that can not be uprooted with an occasional Qassam rocket or a stray grenade .
So we would do well to get out of our heads as quickly as possible the illusion that we can somehow annihilate Hamas or eradicate them from the Gaza strip .
Instead , we have to work , with caution and good sense , to reach a reasonable and detailed agreement for a lasting ceasefire that has within it the perspective that Hamas can change .
Such a change is possible and can be acted upon .
But at least we will know that we are not fighting for an impossible objective that can only result in blood and devastation -- blood and devastation that will weigh on the collective memories of the sons and grandsons of our neighbors , who will remain our enemies , even if the spinning top continues to turn .
Even if you do n't believe in Palestinians ' real desire for peace , their capacity to hold terrorist organizations at bay , or their renunciation of the alleged right of return , you can always protect your security with a military presence in Palestinian territories rather than prejudicing the future peace and the two-state solution by expanding useless settlements . ''
We can congratulate ourselves : better late than never !
It is a hatred that did not disappear with Nazism , and that one can still , 65 years after the liberation of Auschwitz , glimpse in terrifying manifestations .
Still , Iran 's rulers have adopted a bizarre and total opposition to Israel 's very existence , a position that can revive the same nefarious mechanism that led to the genocidal hatred of the Holocaust .
What can be done to prevent this ?
Only the probability of a default -- and the goal of avoiding even deeper haircuts -- can induce investors to liquidate their positions at a discount .
But the buyback can succeed only if the market perceives it as the last chance before a unilateral debt restructuring .
Fighting climate change can be a sound investment , even though neither mitigation nor adaptation alone will be enough to `` solve '' the problem .
One cause for the delay could be a schism within the ruling elite , a group that `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il himself can not control as effectively as before .
Yet a road map for a peaceful transition can be designed .
We need not assume that these goals can not be pursued simultaneously .
We still do not know the nature of the era ahead of us ; we can only be certain that the global economy is in the middle of a major transition , and that the old ways will not work anymore .
The main concern in this period of great uncertainty is whether the transition to a new paradigm can be managed without further destabilizing the international political-economic order .
If the G-20 leaders can also make meaningful progress towards resolving the Doha Round of trade negotiations , they will add momentum for global economic stabilization .
If G-20 leaders can reach specific and effective agreements on exchange rates and global imbalances without overshadowing other issues , the prospects for a soft-landing for the global economy will improve greatly .
The `` liberal '' view of international relations recommends three ingredients : political democratization , deeper economic interdependence , and viable institutions through which East Asia 's states can conduct their affairs in a multilateral way .
But confrontations between the United States and China , the US and Japan , and China and Japan over the past year have left many wondering whether economic interdependence alone can bring about stable regional relations .
East Asian policymakers understand that there is little that they can do to alter their neighbors ' political systems .
Nor can they do much in an official way to deepen economic interdependence in the short term .
More broadly , only through the establishment of less ambitious , smaller-scale , and functionally oriented institutions can momentum be built for a regional framework for peace .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
If such a trilateral FTA can be realized , its political and economic significance has the potential to equal that of the creation of European Coal and Steel Community in 1952 , the first step in Europe 's integration process .
First , Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan , President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea , and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao agreed to strengthen mutual cooperation on nuclear safety and disaster-relief activities , reflecting the three states ' concerns about how effectively they can cooperate in preventing and confronting a nuclear crisis like the Fukushima disaster .
In the summit 's joint declaration and the three leaders ' remarks at the concluding press conference , one can see China 's clear intention to improve bilateral relations with Japan by promising cooperation on the issue of Japanese imports that might be contaminated by radiation from Fukushima .
The Lebanese Labyrinth Lebanon is poised to hold a presidential election that none of its contending factions -- indeed , none of the rival parties in the region -- can afford to lose .
One idea -- to elect a candidate with whom everyone can live -- would likely produce a weak president . So would an agreement by all sides to elect an interim president for two years , buying time until the regional balance of power changes or solidifies .
Moreover , due to hasty and poorly supervised implementation , waste in infrastructure construction can be serious .
But the US can not improve its trade balance unless the dollar falls .
As the stronger and more experienced party , the US can help to allay China 's fears about the safety of its national savings .
Finally , if the US government can not safeguard the value its securities , it should compensate China in one way or another .
Only then can China and the world be certain that America 's irresponsible attitude -- `` the dollar is our currency , but your problem '' -- has become a thing of the past .
Whether America can achieve decent growth while keeping its current-account deficit in check depends on whether it can reinvigorate its ability to innovate and create , thereby restoring competitiveness and creating demand at the same time .
So China has reached a crucial juncture : without painful structural adjustment , its economic-growth momentum can suddenly be lost .
Hotels in China 's provincial cities can make five-star hotels in Western capitals looked shabby .
With China 's trade-to-GDP ratio and exports-to-GDP ratio already exceeding 60 % and 30 % , respectively , the economy can not continue to depend on external demand to sustain growth .
In an era of rapid technological progress , creativity , and innovation , the global economic landscape can change rapidly .
Moreover , with a quarter of the economy contracting -LRB- or stagnating when weather effects are discounted -RRB- , it is not hard to see why the MPC 's members can not agree .
But in a poor country like the one I come from , Sierra-Leone , even half a dollar can save a life or feed an entire family .
But this is just the tip of the iceberg of the tens of millions that can be tracked .
Only a coordinated global response can guarantee that in the long run people from the poorest billion will visit Europe as tourists and business partners , not as asylum seekers .
It can generate sustainable growth through industrialization , and by creating a single market .
Agribusiness development can stimulate broader economic growth , boost regional trade , and at the same time enhance food security , and reduce poverty .
· the poorest nations can grow out of poverty through trade ;
The abundance of relevant experiences from the newly industrialized countries in Asia and elsewhere can show African countries how to galvanize their economies , accelerating the process of wealth creation and poverty reduction on the continent .
Big business is spending billions of dollars to explore the opportunities that renewables can bring .
A lesson we have learned from both the climate change debate on the way to the December summit in Copenhagen and from the economic crisis is that only by working together can we achieve genuine change .
IRENA is solid proof that our world has the will to turn away from the carbon-clogged past and to fuel a clean , prosperous future that both developed and developing countries can enjoy .
Nearby , in the city of Elmina , one can see the scars of the past .
On a continent where mineral wealth too often has become a curse , Botswana , under the leadership of President Festus Gontebanye Mogae , has demonstrated how natural resources can promote sustainable development and good governance .
We Africans can blame colonialism for most of the problems of the past 350 years , but we will have no one to blame for the decisions that we make in the next 50 years .
We can and must avoid the Garden of Eden Syndrome .
Obama 's one new priority -- to expand US support for African farmers -- reflects a shrewd appreciation of how the expansion of agriculture can quickly lift many rural Africans out of poverty .
With its pursuit of research into the farthest reaches of the universe -- deep space -- South Africa hopes to provide further proof that Africans can compete at all levels .
In a country that is deeply divided economically , `` What on earth is the benefit to the poor and the downtrodden of deep space research ? '' asks physicist Harold Annegarn , a professor at the University of Johannesburg . `` The answer , '' he says , `` is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community , we can train our next generation of intellectuals . ''
One payoff can come from Africans building distinctive satellite instruments , and thus spawning a globally competitive industry .
Better ways to cope with climate change also can come from space research .
Not only does the world 's largest telescope network `` belong in Africa , '' says Sune Svanberg , a physicist at Lund University in Sweden . `` Good forces also can join with the African scientist to create many small-scale projects in the region that are realistic to operate . ''
So connected are these Africans that their forms can be reviewed - as they fill them in - by an American supervisor 8,000 miles away .
With sensible reforms , many barriers can be removed or at least eased .
Africans can start winning only if they move faster .
`` When that happens , change can occur very quickly .
Sachs knows the freebies to farmers guarantee gains in the short run , but he 's convinced that African villagers , once freed from `` the poverty trap , '' can thrive on their own .
How many designers in America or Europe can say the same ?
Likewise , Chinese mastery over ultra-small , cheap `` micro-hydro '' dams , which can generate tiny amounts of electricity from mere trickles of water , appeals to power-short , river-rich Africans .
But Chinese and Indian scientists argue that Africa can benefit from a changing of the technological guard .
Once the lodestar for American optimism and achievement , California now illustrates the difficulties confronting the United States -- and how much more can still go wrong domestically .
The 9.0-magnitude earthquake that struck Japan is , of course , a highly exceptional event -- an event so rare that its probability can not be well assessed with models based on limited historic data .
In this ideal world , insurance for individual plants would be linked to factors that can and can not be influenced , such as location in a densely populated area and the local population 's risk-averseness .
As with the financial sector , however , crisis can be the mother of reform .
While legal remedies exist should this system break down , impersonal trading can not occur unless most people share the values of fair play and reciprocal cooperation .
Even in impersonal market exchange , we can not help but personalize transactions , say , with the grocery store cashier who smiles and thanks us , or the store greeter whose only purpose is to make us feel cared for .
In neuroeconomics experiments that my lab has conducted , we have found that when a stranger places trust in another by making a considered monetary investment that can either be returned or stolen , our brains release an ancient mammalian hormone called oxytocin .
These external penalties can displace the internal sanctions we feel when we do wrong .
We can therefore imagine what the impact of a drier climate on agriculture is likely to be .
Some argue that developed countries can not come up with such sums , particularly given their current economic challenges .
Nonetheless , it is argued , whatever the real cost of the damage , developed countries currently can not afford to provide that kind of money .
If the developed world is able to pay trillions of dollars to clean up its bankers ' mess , how is it possible that it can not afford to pay billions of dollars to clean up a mess that it created , and that is threatening the survival of whole continents ?
I can not believe that people in developed counties , when informed about the issues , would support rescuing bankers and oppose partial compensation for poor countries and regions .
I can not believe that they will let such an injustice occur .
If they are not expressing their outrage over the injustice of it all , it can only be because they are inadequately informed .
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's High-level Advisory Group on Climate Finance -LRB- AGF -RRB- , which we chaired , was established to identify practical proposals for how developed countries can mobilize this level of climate financing by 2020 .
Second , new public mechanisms can mobilize tens of billions of dollars annually , an important step towards the $ 100-billion goal .
Public funding should help leverage climate-friendly private investments . The multilateral development banks , in close collaboration with the UN system , can play a significant multiplier role in this regard .
They can and should go hand in hand ; what we need is climate-resilient , low-carbon growth .
Many other developing countries simply can not emulate this success in all respects ; they must formulate plans specific to their own natural endowments , institutions , and business environments .
In today 's world , development objectives can realistically be met by supporting industrial growth , not only domestic industrial growth .
Even so , developing-country policymakers can build some measure of freedom into new trade and investment agreements .
However , dollar supremacy means that the US can sustain a much wider balance-of-payments deficit than other countries .
Of course , the global imbalances associated with China 's economic rise can take longer to adjust than they otherwise would , simply because the US welcomes it as being in America 's own interest .
Or is such a goal necessary because a financial center can determine the fate of a great metropolis ?
International commodity prices will continue to rise , increases in domestic labor costs and prices of non-tradable goods can not easily be stemmed , the international economic situation will encourage further capital inflows , and asset inflation will persist .
Indeed , the controversy in Chinese eyes is not really about Korean reunification -- few in Beijing speculate that the endgame will be otherwise -- but to what extent reunification can be achieved without damaging China 's security concerns .
China 's leaders recognize that North Korea is a huge burden for them , but , like loving parents of a rogue son , they can not bring themselves to disown him .
Over the past three decades , my research and that of my colleagues has demonstrated the relative ease with which ordinary people can be led to behave in ways that qualify as evil .
Instead , I argue that while most people are good most of the time , they can readily be led to act anti-socially , because most people are rarely solitary figures improvising soliloquies on the empty stage of life .
Together , they comprise situational features that can dramatically influence behavior .
With this in mind , I propose a situational perspective for heroism , just as I do for evil : the same situation that can inflame the hostile imagination and evil in some of us can inspire the heroic imagination in others .
Mood stabilizers are the treatment of choice , and , depending on the medication , they can produce potentially significant health complications affecting renal , endocrine , hepatic , immunologic , or metabolic function .
Thus , over-diagnosing bipolar disorder can unnecessarily expose patients to serious side-effects of medication .
Direct-to-consumer advertisements that refer individuals to screening questionnaires can result in patients suggesting to their doctors that they have bipolar disorder .
But insufficient diagnostic rigor can result in over-diagnosis .
Both can have negative consequences .
Alternatively , the debt-holders can agree to reduce the face value of debt , in exchange for some warrants .
As corporate finance experts have been saying for 30 years , having too much debt and too little equity is costly , so reducing the face value of debt can sometimes benefit not only equity-holders , but also debt-holders .
Since the many -LRB- taxpayers -RRB- are dispersed , we can not put up a good fight in the US Congress , whereas the financial industry is well represented politically .
CHICAGO -- In trying to understand the pattern and timing of government interventions during a financial crisis , we should probably conclude that , to paraphrase the French philosopher Blaise Pascal , politics have incentives that economics can not understand .
First , it is too dangerous for any country to come even remotely close to the point where insolvency can be triggered by a sunspot .
Either officials recognize immediately the inevitability of default and waste no resources trying to prevent it , or they believe that a default can be avoided and deploy all the resources at their disposal as fast as possible .
They can not be eliminated , but they can be tempered .
Economics is not as precise a science as physics , but this can not justify the failure of the Angelides Commission .
Two safeguards can avoid this problem in the international context .
Only a government that is sufficiently powerful , in terms of legal authority and solvency , can do so .
The alleged justification for this major interference in private contracting is the systemic effect that these bonuses can have .
Managers can easily move from firm to firm when things go badly , avoiding any punishment .
Thanks to its subpoena powers , the FCIC can collect and analyze such data .
The main shortcoming is that these restrictions can be circumvented easily , since they apply only to bonuses , whereas banks maintain discretion over the mix between salary and bonus .
As Oliver Hart and I explained in a recent paper , this can be done easily , with a regulator intervening every time the credit-default swaps on the financial institutions ' debt becomes too high .
Unfortunately , no precise mathematical model can determine correlation across securities , which is always an educated guess based mostly -LRB- sometimes entirely -RRB- on past behavior .
How can a bond guaranteed in large part by countries such as Italy and Spain -LRB- likely candidates for a fiscal crisis -RRB- provide AAA status to Irish bonds ?
After all , as the EFSF shows , their orientation can be more short term and irrational than the market 's , repeating the same mistakes because they seem not to have learned from them .
According to European Commission spokeswoman Amelia Torres , the latest efforts at antitrust enforcement can be seen as complementing pending derivatives regulation .
