Many Pakistanis , disillusioned with Pakistan 's political class , remained mute , thinking that he might deliver .
The proceedings of the court over the last few weeks made Musharraf jittery . The decision of the 11-member bench might easily have gone against him .
It is even possible that the regime 's loud anti-American stance might be meant to hide some secret arrangement with the Americans , especially regarding the Kurds and Iraqi opposition members living in Syria .
We can deliver no judgment at this stage as to where things might be heading .
Further delay might also generate violence in Kosovo and undermine international support for independence .
Through careful management of Kosovo 's independence process , and attentiveness to opportunities to improve relations with Russia , the West might mitigate the worst consequences of this confrontation .
Israel might not wait for Abbas and his forces , but rather launch a full-scale intervention to weaken Hamas .
But the fear that is most consuming Abbas and Fatah is that the conflict with Hamas might spread to the West Bank .
If Hamas can establish order inside Gaza , prevent violence against Israel , and stop missile attacks against Israeli towns and villages , it might avoid Israeli military intervention .
The Palestinian Authority , which runs the West Bank , is afraid that a popular , non-violent intifada might quickly turn violent .
If so , Israel might use it as a pretext to crush the Palestinians and their newly built institutions .
Europe lags behind the US in R&D , and its stinginess over defense contributes mightily to a growing high tech `` investment gap . ''
Being richer , they can provide more financial support to parties and politicians who will defend their interests than the young , who might want to push for pension reform .
The Parmalat scandal may have been a blow to global capitalism , but in Italy it is hoped that it might sound the death knell for an economic system traditionally based much more on `` connections '' amongst private groups - and between these groups and the public sector - than on competitive markets .
Similarly , it might help to have accounting firms be selected by minority shareholders or paid by the stock exchange , rather than by a company itself .
After all , might not someone then suggest that the first step in such a reform is to reduce Europe to a single seat on the Security Council ?
Right wing white politicians , predisposed against taxes and redistribution , use the race issue to secure the votes of poor whites , who otherwise might vote differently on purely economic grounds .
Over the first decade , the cumulative number of migrants might amount to between 1.5 and four million , that is , 2.4 % to 5 % of the total population in the new member states - and a tiny fraction of the total population in the current Union .
Aging populations and lower fertility rates in the new member states might result in even smaller flows .
As soon as French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy decided to leave the government and start campaigning for the presidency , incumbent President Jacques Chirac abandoned all plans for reforms that might antagonize voters .
Concerned that cutting spending might lose him votes , Berlusconi is proposing a tax cut of less that 0.3 % of GDP -- and one that is partly to be financed by other levies .
One might think Annan far too compromised for the post of Secretary-General , but the UN does n't work that way .
In this , he received enthusiastic support from the Bush administration , which hopes that Erdogan might have found a way to mix democracy and Islam .
For example , in the standard economic analysis of workplace gender discrimination , men do not like to associate with women on the job -- in the same way that they might prefer apples to oranges .
If we focus on training teachers in how to inspire their students to identify with their school -- rather than teaching students to take standardized tests -- we just might be able to reproduce these schools ' great results .
In some circumstances , that might be enough to understand what is happening .
But fate might also just as suddenly wash him away .
But national preferences are diverse , and if mechanically imposed , fiscal centralization might incite resistance .
However much politicians who call for energy independence might prefer it otherwise , the market has chosen oil as a staple energy source .
Even if the oil producing countries do not intentionally bring about an oil price collapse , they might accelerate production as much as they could in the short term , while oil still had some value .
In fact , cheap energy in oil-producing countries might make their new industries competitive with those in China , India , and Southeast Asia .
Countries might end up energy-independent , only to become steel-dependent or petrochemical-dependent .
However , domestic pressure , a sense of nationalism , and the need to improve its bargaining position with Western countries might force the Iranian government to respond to harsh UN sanctions or an air attack on its nuclear facilities .
Its supporters in Iraq might cripple Iraqi oil exports from Basra , which would damage US plans in Iraq while boosting Iran 's oil revenues , or limit the availability of fuel to the US Army by attacking roads and bridges , especially the Kuwait City-Baghdad highway .
OPEC might be correct to blame American policies and speculators for higher prices .
His biggest fans might include the high-living members of his family , along with selected business executives in the United States and Europe , where he spends quite a bit of his money .
UNESCO -- not alone among UN entities -- seems more inclined to bend over backwards to avoid taking any action that might offend `` African sensibilities '' on its board .
For some people , raw military might is the only true measure of power .
Even if , in military terms , America remains the sole superpower , military might is of limited use in the daily conduct of foreign policy .
Granted , transatlantic diversity might cause occasional squabbles .
For some , the fact that the United Kingdom might ratify it even earlier than traditionally `` pro-European '' countries like Italy merely underscores the Treaty 's lack of new and bold initiatives to accelerate European unification .
In Italy there is now a controversial statute that will change the rules of criminal procedure in ways that might prove helpful to eminent public figures .
This influence does not imply a hegemonic relationship , but rather points to an alternative path for reform and economic development that other primarily Muslim countries might take .
Georgians today hardly feel supportive of their president , Mikheil Saakashvili , who , in a foolish attempt to regain control over South Ossetia , provoked Russia to drop its peacekeeping mission in the region and turn its full military might to pushing Georgian troops out of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , and then to occupying much of Georgia .
Eliminating the `` spiritual guide '' -LRB- as opposed to the organizational leaders -RRB- of a militant group might be perceived as a political victory for a government in the short term , but it probably makes a comprehensive de-radicalization process less likely , and it will not necessarily mean the end of the organization in question .
This might lead a group of senior officers to rule directly , especially if victory in Libya comes militarily .
A move by army officers in Tripoli against Qaddafi and his sons might end the conflict , with military commanders getting the credit -- and the political capital .
Fearing that elections might bring an Islamist majority to Parliament and to the assembly that will write a new constitution , most secularists demanded supra-constitutional principles -LRB- akin to a bill of rights , with a few twists -RRB- or a constitution to be enforced by the SCAF before elections .
Alas , if they are allowed to run the show , Ukraine might face more redistribution of fortunes than cleansing of corruption , letting the revolutionary public down .
The flaws in the NBU 's policy are so obvious it will be forced to free the exchange rate , but it might act too late .
Yushchenko and the NBU can still act , but if they do not do so immediately , a costly and unnecessary financial crisis might ensue .
As welcome as Clinton 's recent clear words were on the need to defend the right of countries to decide their own fate , you do n't have to go very far in Europe to hear whispers that some kind of new `` Finlandization '' might be a reasonable compromise for countries like Ukraine and Georgia .
LONDON -- With the Tunisian and Egyptian regimes gone and street protests roiling cities from Algiers to Tehran , many people are now wondering which domino might fall next .
For today 's Arab world , a better metaphor might be a chessboard , from which the removal of even a pawn inevitably alters the relationships among all the other pieces .
If Syria could break free of the negative influences of regional politics , genuine change without continued violence might become possible .
If the government were to fall and new elections held , there are strong indications that the winner might be Binyamin Netanyahu , of the right-wing Likud , which was decimated in the 2006 elections , but is now patiently waiting in the wings .
Obviously , it would not resolve the conflict ; it might not even immediately change the situation on the ground .
It might even force Israel to make decisions that until now it found easier to avoid .
Walking off the stage at Davos during a round-table debate with Israel 's President Shimon Peres might have gained Erdogan points in the Arab world , which has historically viewed Turkey with the suspicion owed to the old imperial ruler .
Even if Netanyahu is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition partners might leave his government .
Even the most moderate leaders on both sides could not agree on the core issues of the conflict : borders , settlements , Jerusalem , and the fate of 1947-1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants . Both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement : for Olmert , an agreement might have rescued his position as prime minister , and it would have been a trump card for Abbas in Fatah 's de facto civil war with Hamas .
Even a lapsed optimist can see that this time the chances for reconciliation just might be better after all .
It may be difficult to know , especially as the fundamentalist Hamas , now in control of Gaza , might be encouraged by the rising power of its parent organization in Egypt .
That arrest could well have ended in a bloodbath that might have destabilized a still insecure democratic government .
But a wait of greater length might produce nothing but added noise .
The Party has so far been following a more conventional strategy : last week it sent a delegation of officials to the US -LRB- the first ever sent , it said , to have been composed solely of Tibetans -- a fact that one might expect them to have been embarrassed to admit -RRB- and had its leader , Shingtsa Tenzin Choedak , tell journalists that Tibetans enjoy freedom of religion .
Identifying the potential mechanisms that might underlie the association between paracetamol and asthma -LRB- and other allergic disorders -RRB- was not a part of this study .
Because the basic governance problems in the two types of firms are considerably different , arrangements that benefit investors in widely held firms might be irrelevant or even counterproductive in controlled firms , and vice versa .
As it is , bank executives expect to share in any gains that might flow to common shareholders , but they are insulated from the consequences that losses , produced by their choices , could impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , or the government as a guarantor of deposits .
Getting executives to internalize perfectly the expected losses that their choices might impose on contributors of capital other than shareholders is complex .
It might have been hoped that the bank supervisors who stress-tested the banks would try to estimate the size of the banks ' losses on toxic assets .
So shareholders ' interests might sometimes be served by business decisions that are too `` risky , '' and regulating such decisions is justified -- indeed , necessary .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
So , to be able to sell 100,000 shares from July to December of a given year and receive the average stock price during that period , an executive might , for example , have to announce the sale before the year begins .
The government 's reluctance to use such a process might have been motivated by AIG 's major role in insurance markets around the world .
The government might also have been motivated by concerns that losses to the derivative counterparties would deplete the capital of some significant financial institutions at a difficult time .
Some CEOs take an especially large slice of the top five executives ' compensation because of their special abilities and opportunities relative to the other four . But the ability of some CEOs to capture an especially high slice might reflect undue power and influence over the company 's decision-making .
Still , our evidence indicates that , on average , a high CEO pay slice may signal governance problems that might not otherwise be readily visible .
On its descent from the roof of the world , the Jinsha River , tributary of the mighty Yangtze , cascades through this ten-mile gorge on its way to Shanghai and the East China Sea .
The Party , alarmed by the `` color revolutions '' that toppled post-Soviet leaders in Georgia , Ukraine , and Kyrgyzstan , is cracking down on domestic non-government organizations for fear that they , too , might become catalysts for popular uprisings .
But there is another interpretation of Confucianism -- let 's call it `` left Confucianism '' -- that stresses intellectuals ' obligation to criticize bad policies , obliges governments to provide for the people 's material well-being and support those without key family relations , and calls for governments to adopt a more international-minded outlook and to rely on moral power rather than military might to pursue political aims .
Perhaps Sadat might have opted to secure the American alliance without making peace with Israel if he had been able to do so . But he could not , and he knew it .
There are indications that Egypt might follow suit , with Hosni Mubarak 's son , Gamal , taking over .
Fully-fledged democracy might lead to victory for Islamists , as it did in 1991 .
But , as countries like Egypt , Syria , and Lybia might be indicating , hereditary succession is not an inherently reactionary move .
Rather , it means opting for a controlled transition to a post-revolutionary phase in which economic modernization and international integration might usher in greater political change in the future .
Nor is the claim that Islam is intrinsically inimical to innovation viable , because Muslim civilization has contributed mightily to science and art throughout history .
The current crisis of Islam might not be congenital , but Islam 's predicament is acute .
But , however radical the Iranian regime might be , it is not suicidal .
Hence , the threat of a nuclear Iran might consist less in its propensity to start a nuclear war with Israel than in its capacity to project its regional power effectively .
A nuclear Iran might even threaten America 's capacity to project conventional military force in the Gulf in times of crisis .
Nor should the possibility be ruled out that Iran might be tempted to back its regional ambitions by supplying nuclear material to proxy terrorist groups .
The chances that the Bush administration might be able to rally America 's Sunni `` moderate '' allies in the region to help salvage an Israeli-Palestinian peace are now hostage to an Iranian-led regional axis that includes Hamas , Hezbollah , and Syria .
What is news is that American power might also be losing its ability to intimidate them .
The complexities of the threats to Israel are such that a possible confrontation with Hamas in Gaza might trigger a flare-up with Hezbollah in Lebanon .
And Iran , in its drive to protect its nuclear program from an Israeli-American attack , might be very active in supporting this ominous scenario .
Today , peace with Syria might facilitate an Israeli peace with Lebanon down the road , but that will not be an automatic outcome .
Syria 's stance might limit , rather than extend , the reach of Iran 's strategy of regional destabilization .
Only such `` reverse engineering , '' starting at the end and working backward -- and legitimized and monitored by strict international mechanisms -- might yet save the prospects for an Israeli\/Palestinian peace from ruin .
The initiators of the 2002 Arab peace initiative likewise understood that a strictly bilateral approach might be inadequate , and instead called to regionalize the solution to the conflict .
For both Israelis and Palestinians , achieving internal peace might prove as formidable a challenge as establishing peace with each other .
But the Israelis never believed they would have to give back all the land , while the Arabs did not think they might have to offer `` all the peace . ''
Nor is the presence of America 's formidable might in today 's Iraq comforting to them .
Unfortunately , Obama 's all-encompassing promises might prove to be just as unrealistic .
The looming end of President Hosni Mubarak 's long rule in Egypt might lead to the emergence of a formidable bid by the Muslim Brotherhood for power in Cairo , possibly forcing Mubarak 's successor either to reach a modus vivendi or to wage a fight to the death .
A rapid American disengagement might ultimately cause the country 's disintegration into fragmented political entities , one of which would likely be an Iran-controlled Islamic republic .
And , with the allies ' military operations eroding President Hamid Karzai 's domestic legitimacy , Obama might consider the advice of French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner , who warns that the answer in Afghanistan will have to be more political than military .
As for Iran , Obama might have to fall back on a strategy of military pressure sooner than he would like .
However encouraging some sporadic signs of a shift toward political realism might be , it is not on Hamas 's immediate agenda to betray its very raison d'être by endorsing the US-led Annapolis peace process .
Hamas 's offensive is not an attempt to draw Israel into a costly invasion that might shake its regime .
However justified Israel 's action might be , and however critical of Hamas 's repressive regime the international community might be , it will not take long before the wide media coverage of civilian casualties will put Israel , not Hamas , in the dock of world opinion .
Ismail Haniyeh 's government might collapse , but Hamas would remain a powerful indigenous Palestinian organization around which the population would certainly rally .
And , even under renewed occupation , with Israeli armored divisions are deployed throughout the strip , Kassam missiles might still be launched -- the ultimate humiliation for the occupier .
Its new doctrine of `` brutal response '' when attacked from lands from which it has withdrawn -- as happened in Lebanon and Gaza -- might be reprehensible , and it may even doom the country to international opprobrium .
Europe might not intimidate , but it certainly inspires , and Israel should have an interest in encouraging a judicious role for Europe in building a framework for peace , stability , and cooperation in the region .
Because the North possesses the capacity , but not the political will , to implement the CPA , and the South has the will but not the capacity , continued disengagement by the international community might doom the prospects for peace .
But emphasizing the reduction of social inequalities does not sit easily with America 's profoundly individualistic ethos , and the attempt to `` Europeanize '' the nature of the social contract between the state and its citizens might yet crash against the constitutive principles of the American system .
But Obama might soon realize that most of his predecessors started as believers in international cooperation , until events forced them to fall back on a strategy of confrontation .
Obama also pushed the `` reset button '' with Russia , and suggested that he might freeze Bush 's plan to deploy a missile defense system in the Czech Republic and Poland .
Nor was North Korea impressed by Obama 's warnings that America might shoot down its rocket if they went ahead with their launch in defiance of the United Nations .
Iran is another front where Obama might be forced to recognize the limits of his conciliatory approach .
If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Obama might run into strong opposition from America 's traditional allies in the region .
In such cases , war , as the Egyptians showed in 1973 , might still serve as an avenue to resolving a conflict .
The Syrians might be tempted to launch an offensive against Israel with the objective of breaking the deadlock over the future of the Golan Heights .
However , in the case of Kashmir , the asymmetric conflict currently fought by proxies and terrorist groups might not degenerate into all-out war precisely because India and Pakistan have mutual nuclear deterrence .
But , however fundamental the current differences might be , it is the underlying suspicion that Obama is poised to shift America away from its unique relationship with the Jewish state that most worries Israelis .
It is because Netanyahu is driven by an almost Messianic determination to prevent Iran from acquiring the means to destroy Israel , that he might be amenable to a fundamental change in his position on Palestine , provided Obama makes visible headway in his drive to stop Iran 's nuclear program .
Not much imagination is required to discern what norms the Chinese might inculcate into the 1,000 Central Asian policemen and judicial officials they are currently training .
Israel is especially concerned that Obama might be willing to address Iran 's nuclear ambition by equating it with Israel 's nuclear status .
But the changing international environment , the threat of uncontrolled nuclear proliferation in the Middle East , and the new policies being worked out in the US might all be good reasons for Israel to consider revising its nuclear doctrine .
By abandoning ambiguity and taking its own bomb out of the `` basement , '' Israel might be able to affirm its capacity for nuclear deterrence more convincingly , and , more importantly , enhance a serious debate about the urgency of a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East .
But , however understandable Israel 's sense of being wrongfully treated might be , it should hold itself to higher standards , and avoid entrenching itself behind the walls of its own convictions .
The entire legal process might well be cut short by a US veto at the UN Security Council , and Israel might still stick to its traditional claim about its right of self-defense .
In reality , the question of what to do in Afghanistan concerns the old vocation of the `` white man 's burden , '' which never seems to die , however costly and duplicitous it might be .
David Ben-Gurion 's dream of Israel becoming a NATO member might not materialize , but the developing partnership reflects the Alliance 's unequivocal recognition that Israel shares the challenges facing the West and is a vital partner in developing responses to them .
But this might not be achieved without involving the major regional stakeholders , including Pakistan , China , and possibly Iran .
If these two countries ' mutual hostility is not reined in , and a fundamentalist Afghanistan continues to provide the strategic depth through which Pakistan threatens its sworn Indian enemies , the current disaster might still breed defeat .
Obama is right to boast of his success in enlisting China to join serious sanctions on North Korea , but he might be wrong to draw conclusions from this about Iran , a vital strategic partner for the Chinese .
Israel 's fear that the failure of sanctions might bring the United States to accept coexistence with a nuclear-armed Iran in the way it did with the Soviet Union during the Cold War is not entirely unfounded .
Iran might eventually turn into the graveyard of Obama 's dream of a world without nuclear weapons .
The prospect of a Middle East conflagration has prompted an airlift of senior American officials to Israel to warn of the devastating consequences that an Israeli attack on Iran might have .
What Israel planned as a preemptive attack on Iran might then be presented as an act of self-defense .
Iran 's response to the mounting international pressure might be , he said , to launch an attack on Israel through its proxies , Hezbollah and Hamas .
Such attacks might trigger a wider regional conflagration .
But America 's extraordinary efforts to rein in Israel might not be enough to avert a calamity .
The paradox is that America might be winning the war for Arab democracy , even if by default , but can not reap the benefits , simply because the emerging pattern of Islamic pluralistic politics does not coincide with the West 's brand of secular liberal democracy .
It is in this context that the historic compromise between the religious -LRB- Hamas -RRB- and the secular -LRB- Fatah -RRB- to form a national unity government for Palestine might have established a new paradigm for the future of regime change in the Arab world .
The concept of national unity governments might , indeed , be the formula that makes it possible to hold together the political families in the Arab world .
Iran 's viciously anti-Semitic rhetoric is a transparent attempt to deceive its terrified Arab neighbors by presenting its military might as the spearhead of an all-Muslim confrontation with Israel .
Turkey put Israel in the dock of world opinion over the `` peace flotilla '' in a way that might still force Binyamin Netanyahu 's government to opt for credible peace negotiations , while providing a boost to Hamas and bringing about the imminent end of Iarael 's Gaza blockade .
And Palestinians would view any solution to the refugee problem that Israel might accept as a betrayal of the ethos of Palestinian nationalism , namely the Right of Return .
Oddly , Hamas and Israel might have more common ground than Israel and the PLO .
But , in that case , Iranian quiescence , not peaceful relations with an independent Palestine , might be Bibi 's true objective .
Vital issues are at stake : the scramble for oil ; China 's robust presence in Sudan ; the West 's desire to see a mostly Christian state break the contiguity of Muslim regimes -- and the consequent threat of Islamic radicalism -- in the region ; the regional distribution of the Nile 's waters ; and the possibility that independence for the South might lead to Sudan 's total dismemberment along ethnic and religious lines .
He might not find that very difficult .
A crucial bone of contention that might ignite a new war is the future of the country 's oil industry and the North-South border demarcation .
It is in the oil-rich border areas that a new war might erupt .
Some Arab leaders still toy with the idea that overthrowing him might yet salvage a united Sudan , but it is probably too late for that .
In that case , what remains of `` Sudan '' -- Khartoum , Gezira , and the two northern states -- might degenerate even further , probably turning into a base for global Islamic terrorism .
Abbas is thus right to opt for a new peace paradigm , but his plan for a unilateral declaration of Palestinian independence might be the wrong choice .
But , notwithstanding the damage that the Palestinian strategy is inflicting on Israel 's increasingly fragile international standing , Abbas might be embarking on what could turn out to be a self-defeating diplomatic exercise .
Already feeling the heat of a major diplomatic debacle , Israel might soon pre-empt the Palestinian diplomatic offensive with a `` peace plan '' of its own .
Inevitably inadequate -- one idea being toyed with is recognition of a Palestinian state in provisional borders that might encompass around 50 % of the West Bank -- it will nonetheless occupy the attention of the international community , and perhaps even derail the new Palestinian strategy .
Moreover , should Abbas fail to muster the support of the United States and Europe , Netanyahu might feel free to cancel existing agreements and engage in unilateral steps of his own .
If pushed to the wall , Israel might try to extricate itself from an internationally untenable position by unilaterally disengaging from the West Bank up to its `` security fence . ''
A hostile Palestinian state would then automatically emerge on the other side of what is in fact a massive wall -- a state that might not necessarily be ruled by the PLO .
A violent Israeli disengagement , and thus the end of Israeli-Palestinian cooperation on security matters , might unleash such instability that Hamas emerges as a serious contender for power in the West Bank .
This , in turn , might draw Jordan into the affairs of the West Bank , just as Egypt is being drawn against its will into the affairs of Gaza .
Another risk implied by a unilateral Palestinian move to statehood is that it might reduce the conflict with Israel to a banal border dispute between sovereign states .
Yet , no matter how enamored of the `` international community '' they may be , the Palestinians might not be happy with a plan that comes from a US-led international alliance .
A plan that almost certainly would have to satisfy Israel 's security concerns and lean toward acknowledging its Jewishness -- in a way that might entirely neutralize the Palestinian ethos of return -- would be especially unpalatable to them .
The risk is that the fraternal ties between the army -- not exactly innocent of the Mubarak regime 's repressive practices -- and the protesters might prove short-lived .
Egypt was ruled as a police state , and , with a gigantic and all-pervasive security apparatus , the army might be tempted to assume the role of guardian of order and stability if democracy proves too messy .
A free-trade agreement with the US and improved access to EU markets might be powerful incentives that the West can offer to Egypt 's young democracy .
That said , a scenario in which the Muslim Brotherhood usurps the revolution does not seem plausible , if only because this might lead another strongman on horseback to take over .
Egypt 's policies concerning two of Israel 's other key rivals in the region , Turkey and Iran , also might shift .
Already , the new Egyptian finance minister , Samir Radwan , has made it clear that he does not favor investments from `` the enemy '' -- that is , Israel -- which might lead to a takeover of the Egyptian economy .
The secession of South Sudan is a real concern in Egypt , for it might eventually lead to the disintegration of the entire Sudanese state into fiefdoms of instability and Islamic radicalism .
Thus , the idea that `` Y '' might turn out to be a latter-day `` X '' -- defining the nature of America 's international role in the twenty-first century -- may not be far-fetched .
The bad news is that Europe 's feebleness and America 's fatigue might also signal the limits of noble ideas such as the obligation to interfere in order to protect populations being brutalized by their own rulers .
But , more importantly , the speeches at the UN General Assembly by the two rivals , Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , showed that any initiative to bring the parties back to the negotiating table might turn out to be futile .
Contrary to appearances , the deal is not a reflection of both sides ' interest in beginning a political rapprochement that might lead to the end of the Gaza siege and other confidence-building measures .
But although Prime Minister Ehud Olmert might seek to regain his popular credibility by a major new peace demarche , the two-headed Palestinian Authority , always a dubious partner in the eyes of the Israelis , is now more suspect than ever .
Indeed , all indications are that Hamas might soon boost its popularity by exchanging Israeli corporal Gilad Shalit for even more prisoners , including some `` with blood on their hands . ''
Indeed , Mubarak has already called for a resumption of inter-Palestinian dialogue , which might lead to yet another attempt at a national unity government , the same kind of government with which both Israel and the US refused to do business .
Taming Hamas is in Egypt 's interest , but it refuses to pay the price of a direct confrontation because that might lead Egyptian forces to be perceived as Israel 's protectors .
However , Saudi Arabia 's willingness to participate in the conference might come with a price too high for Israel to pay : an endorsement of the Saudi peace initiative .
And , however severe economic sanctions might be , they might not bring Iran to its knees .
Moreover , NATO benefits from the military might of a dominant nation , while the EU must depend on the shared voluntary efforts of its members .
Within the EU , effect-based jurisdiction might raise concerns about the free mobility of capital .
Some of this might make finance more costly , but it will also make banking operations less risky .
So an invasion might have led to the death of 80 million Americans and the obliteration of Cuba simply because Kennedy 's government did not have the facts right -LRB- which is often more common than not when the executive must take a solitary decision . -RRB-
Baby boomers might be the best placed to appreciate this , since they experienced Rock 'n' Roll as kids and Google as parents .
Indeed , the only thing that seemed clear from the start of the European integration process was that the states involved - along with whatever new partner states they might pick up along the way - would continue wheeling and dealing to construct their ever more integrated polity .
In addition , the prospect of a democratic Russia eventually joining Nato might be openly acknowledged .
We are not witnessing a Copernican revision of the orbits of global diplomacy . For , although a world without treaties and institutions would hurt most other countries more , it would hurt the mighty US as well .
Of course , some countries , not least the US , would oppose making such a reversal in Israeli policy a condition of creating an international force and consensus in NATO , the EU , or the UN may not be found or , if it were to emerge , Israel might simply refuse to abide .
While even a major air attack would fall short of destroying all of Iran 's nuclear installations and , moreover , leave the technical know-how intact , it might at least slow down the program for a while and serve as a warning to other potential proliferators .
A malign example is Philip Morris 's donation of money to museums , symphony orchestras , and opera houses , cynically aimed at buying off artists who might otherwise work to ban cigarettes .
MEDFORD , MASSACHUSETTS -- Imagine that the arguments triggered by the Hindenberg disaster were about the fire extinguishers and parachutes that airships should carry , rather than about the design flaws that might cause them to ignite .
Governments that guarantee bank liabilities , however , must then also demand that bankers exercise more prudence than they might on their own .
Moreover , if Europeans target social expenditure better , they might achieve a greater reduction in inequality with a lower level of social transfers .
But these leaders forgot that their people might actually believe them .
The dollar is depreciating , while the Euro is appreciating mightily .
This type of regional coordination might also enhance the bargaining power of the countries involved , strengthening their global voice .
At the same time , if so much unchecked discretion was left to the Council , rather than to the Commission , `` peer pressure '' to restore budget balance might easily turn into `` peer protection . ''
Another Iran-US match might be helpful at this difficult time .
Indeed , the prospect of hosting the football World Cup might constitute yet another incentive for Israelis and Palestinians to reach a settlement .
All these civil victories for women contributed mightily to the advancement of social life and have been instrumental in initiating comprehensive social reforms that have transformed Western societies .
It should reach out to the UN in an exercise similar to those that , without providing for capital punishment , have brought to justice Slobodan Milosevic and the leaders responsible for the Rwandan genocide -- and that tomorrow might bring to the dock Liberia 's Charles Taylor and dozens of Khmer Rouge leaders .
This might lead Afghanistan into a situation of no return : becoming a narco-state that drifts away from any form of rule of law and disengages itself from the fragile social contract with its own citizens that it has started to establish .
There is an important lesson in this for the EU at a time when it is seeking to become a global actor : we must reach an internal consensus while always bearing in mind what the external ramifications of our decision might be .
But few people have thought through what a politically united Europe might look like .
Whether this investment is sustainable in the long term , and how it might affect macroeconomic performance , should be analyzed technically rather than ideologically .
It would be useful to know the answer to this question before trying repeatedly to pump up the economy in the short run with costly policies that might worsen longer-run prospects .
Some might argue that economic problems faced by governments are so severe that simply being in power invites being tossed out of office , regardless of ideology .
It is appropriate to finance -LRB- some -RRB- long-lived public-capital investment by government borrowing , since the benefits will accrue for many years , and future taxpayers might equitably bear part of the burden .
While universities and industry may be wary of taxation , they might prefer a tissue tax over endless negotiations with countless tissue donors over the sharing of uncertain future benefits .
China 's senior leaders always closely monitor spontaneous public expressions of nationalist fervor , fearful that shifting winds might blow an unwelcome storm in their direction .
But Yar ` Adua might soon confront a big short-term problem .
There is no reason to believe that Goodluck Jonathan will preemptively resign , and removing him from office if he assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the Delta .
China 's leaders , unwilling to compromise on any issue that might undermine their domestic goals , continue to resist .
In addition , the Kurds will expect to retain a veto over any proposal that might compromise Kurdish autonomy in the northern provinces .
But if Iraq 's leaders can create enough near-term stability to combine Lebanon 's openness and entrepreneurial energy with the revenue that comes from development of the country 's vast oil reserves -- an advantage that Lebanon 's leaders can only envy -- Iraq might one day offer citizens of neighboring states something they do n't have : a hopeful model for the future .
Some commentators have taken to calling this moment the `` Arab Spring , '' an awakening that might permanently cripple autocracy in the Middle East .
Given the easy availability of these technologies , their ability to catalyze protest might transcend borders once thought impregnable .
A full-scale invasion might well provoke Iraq 's own Kurdish guerrillas into a prolonged and bloody battle with Turkish forces that can only undermine support for Erdogan 's government at home and abroad .
If the PKK is able to launch a major attack on troops or civilians inside Turkey , the public outcry might leave Erdogan with little choice but to up the ante .
Its first sentence read : `` How genes might specify the complex structures found in higher organisms is a major unsolved problem of biology . ''
Of course , no Iranian decision-maker is interested in a US-success in Iraq that might well put regime-change in Iran back on the agenda .
Continuous talk of a `` Sunni-Shia divide '' might ultimately develop into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Otherwise , Kiev might witness the type of protests - and the risk of civil war - that brought down Slobodan Milosevic in Serbia in 2000 and Eduard Schevardnadze 's government in Georgia last year .
Given previous failures , this round of talks might prove to be the final chance to re-establish Palestinian unity .
As a consequence , Israel 's willy-nilly expansion of West Bank settlements might finally bury comprehensive peace efforts for good .
But success in Cairo might prove even more challenging .
But a sober assessment of what might follow a UN endorsement of Palestine 's borders allows for some cautious optimism .
Given the lasting stalemate in bilateral negotiations with Israel , a Palestinian focus on a non-member state bid at the UN General Assembly might very well increase the likelihood of jump-starting the process .
As such , the UN bid might well transform a confrontation into a potentially constructive tool of diplomacy .
Factions within the regime might prove supportive of new policies aimed at tempering the climate of violence in Sudan , decreasing its trade dependency on China , improving conditions for refugees , and lowering international tensions .
Such policies might include : Janjaweed ;
If EID 's were rare , management through crisis response might be cost-effective .
Launching losing wars may make Islamists feel good , but being defeated is a costly proposition , for their arrogance and belligerence antagonizes many who might otherwise be won over to their cause .
But there is one aspect of this election so dangerous that it might outweigh everything else .
Of course , due to its sheer military might and numerous alliances , the US will remain on top for the foreseeable future .
All that was necessary to challenge the world 's mightiest power , after all , was a disgruntled US Army intelligence analyst , some hacking knowledge , a few computers , and a handful of determined activists enrolled under the contested banner of transparency .
Between the organizational structure of Solidarity and the official state and party organizations there was what might be called a `` gap between civilizations . ''
The Torturers of Tashkent NEW YORK -- President Islam Karimov 's regime in Uzbekistan has survived for 19 years , in no small part because it has resorted time and again to police brutality and torture to extract confessions from people who have committed no crime , and to break the spirits of political opponents and intimidate anyone who might think of becoming one .
This time , however , foreign help might not be as readily available as it was in , say , 2008 .
Only a politician who has the support of major constituencies can hope to restore political order and economic health , and Musharraf is presenting himself as a candidate whom the military might support .
If , however , it is to orchestrate a regime change -- which it might attempt to do -- it will not likely disregard these groups and their powerbases by imposing their former commander on the political system .
If that is not possible because of the presence of a large and disciplined military , the Islamists might attempt to carve out some space for themselves in which to establish a separate system of governance more fully aligned with what they view as the principles of Islam .
This time around , the break between the US and Pakistan might not be easily repaired .
And if Clapton came to Pyongyang at the government 's guest , he might not have enough `` street cred '' left to light the fuse of rebellion .
Performing good music in North Korea just might have a positive effect .
Apart from the King -LRB- who might be out of a job -RRB- , who cares ?
In fact , one might just as well set the accident in the sixteenth century , when the Habsburg Emperor hung on to the Southern Netherlands -LRB- today 's Belgium -RRB- while the Protestant northern provinces broke away .
Neither party advocates violence , even if some of their rhetoric might inspire it .
Instead of damaging democracy , the rise of the right , by challenging the corruption of vested interests , might actually turn out to strengthen it .
Stupid question , you might say .
African dictators might do dreadful things but somehow they did not meet with condemnation from many European intellectuals , for criticism implied cultural arrogance .
These people feared the comeback of religion ; that the Protestant or Catholic oppressiveness they knew first-hand might be replaced by equally oppressive Muslim codes of conduct .
Intellectuals , usually powerless themselves outside the rarified preserves of think tanks and universities , are sometimes too easily attracted to powerful leaders , in the hope that such leaders might actually carry out their ideas .
Another casualty of neo-conservative hubris might be the idea of spreading democracy itself .
Japanese might revert to angry nationalism .
Rural areas and industrial cities might explode in massive riots .
While the government might be able to crush such disturbances with force , a loss of confidence among the middle class would be more serious .
Militant nationalism , partly encouraged by nervous rulers , might be one consequence . Attempts by the military to stem unrest by taking control of government might be another .
In some cases , the answer might be : well , perhaps they should .
In the event , Zhao Ziyang 's conciliatory approach , which might have led to concessions , which in turn might have opened possibilities for a more open political system , lost out .
The fact that the man was black might or might not have made the cop go for his handcuffs even sooner than he might normally have done .
As it happens , the charges were duly dropped , and there the case might have rested if President Obama , tired and frustrated after weeks of fighting for his healthcare bill , had not weighed in on behalf of his `` friend '' Gates , and called the police `` stupid . ''
Gates might even be planning a television documentary on racial profiling .
One might argue that it was .
In the last decade or so , the LDP -- as well as the once-almighty bureaucracy that ran the system -- began to look incompetent .
If we were less haunted by memories of appeasing the Nazi regime , and of the ensuing genocide , people might not be as concerned about human rights as they are .
Infernal or not , one might argue that justice is supposed to be blind , in the sense that no one -- not even the greatest filmmaker -- is above the law or entitled to escape from it .
Alas , the world is not ideal , and Polanski might find the risk of incarceration in a US prison too high .
Not a huge problem , one might have thought .
Referendums on this issue in other European countries might well produce startlingly similar results .
And that might be the problem .
Thailand might face the hardest problems .
Clearly , then , whatever de Coubertin might have hoped , cosmopolitanism and cross-cultural brotherhood comes less naturally to human beings than the raw emotions of the tribe .
This year 's World Cup might well be a festival of brotherhood and peace .
Even though some football games have provoked violence , and in one case even a war , they might have served the positive purpose of containing our more savage impulses by deflecting them onto a mere sport .
This agenda might seem selfish , though understandable from the point of view of an oil billionaire .
Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Palestinians who might wish to make similar claims on properties in West Jerusalem can not do so .
But it might also lead to necessary changes .
If Japan 's relatively inexperienced government is blamed for everything that goes wrong , people might wish to retreat to the old ways of murky paternalism .
Since I have never had either the benefits or misfortunes of adhering to any religion , it might smack of hypocrisy for me to defend those who have .
Romantics might say that Buddhism is unlike other religions -- indeed , more a philosophy than a faith .
Now , one might argue that the dignified pomp of Queen Elizabeth II is preferable to the tawdry grandiosity of Silvio Berlusconi , Madonna , or Cristiano Ronaldo .
Prince Charles might have been far happier as a gardener , but this was never an option .
This might explain some right-wing populists ' animus against monarchy .
Sometimes intervention might save lives .
There are various reasons for this opposition -- some valid , some based on prejudice : Turkey is too big ; Turkish migrant workers might swamp other members ; Turkey has a shaky human rights record ; Turkey oppresses the Kurds ; Turkey has n't solved its problems with Greece over Cyprus .
And if the EU 's hugely expanded membership were to stand in the way of a future federal state , this might not be such a bad thing .
And times might change .
Then again , we might live to regret that times did not change fast enough .
Is it really so surprising that certain people might mistake this rhetoric for a call to arms ?
The rather strict use of law in the US to regulate sexual behavior might reflect a puritanical culture , but it is more likely the result of cultural diversity .
One might quibble with this description .
A criminal trial in Libya might have been difficult .
Putting Qaddafi on trial probably would not have satisfied every Libyan 's feeling of injustice , but it might have helped to instill in Libyans greater respect for the rule of law .
Reason enough , one might think , for Socialist Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero to use the law to exorcize the demons of dictatorship for the sake of democracy 's good health .
It might be a distant dream , but dreaming is what New Year 's is all about .
What I said , instead , was this : I might , as a practicing Roman Catholic who adheres to his Church 's teachings , think that homosexuality is a sin .
Very few people in the Vatican -- indeed , in Europe at large -- had any real knowledge in those days of the vast industrial might of the United States .
A forceful revival of Russian imperialism , or a war of civilizations with the Muslim world , might provide a threat so overbearing that a frightened Europe would resume its Cold War dependency on America .
Pension funds might be subjected to arbitrary treatment . But this is precisely the situation that Social Security reform was supposed to eliminate .
There are at least two ways in which these pension reform transition problems might be diminished .
Provided that South-South trade linkages are reinforced , one might see a new round of successful export-led growth in smaller countries .
Today , what might be considered electoral democracies are found throughout the region .
Skepticism might not be as bracing as freedom , but it 's something we could have used a bit more of in the past few years .
One might think that addressing child marriage would be high on both national and global agendas , given the powerful evidence of the damage that it causes to individuals and societies .
But , as worrying as this might appear , this actually represents a considerable demographic slowdown : India 's population more than tripled during the past sixty years .
Furthermore , killing murderers prevents recidivism : if released from prison , they might kill again .
Russia would be furious , because it fears that Kosovo 's secession -- whether or not it is internationally recognized -- might fuel separatist movements in the former Soviet empire .
Dusan Prorokovic , Serbia 's state secretary for Kosovo , has said that his country might use force to maintain its sovereignty .
Even if the government hesitates , ultranationalist groups might push Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica to send in troops : the current UN presence in Kosovo is very thin -LRB- only 40 `` military observers '' and 2,116 policemen -RRB- but the stationing of 15,000 NATO troops could make any armed clash very dangerous .
Subsequently , the EU would monitor Kosovo and prevent any dispute that might turn violent .
First , if Moreno-Ocampo intended to pursue the goal of having al-Bashir arrested , he might have issued a sealed request and asked the ICC 's judges to issue a sealed arrest warrant , to be made public only once al-Bashir traveled abroad .
On top of that , Moreno-Ocampo 's request might further alienate the Great Powers -LRB- China , Russia , and the United States -RRB- that are currently hostile to the ICC .
Nevertheless , with both sides claiming the mantle of international law , authoritative legal decisions about these issues might perhaps push the parties to reach a lasting agreement .
While it might take days or even weeks before Mexico 's cliff-hanger presidential election is officially settled , it seems almost certain that right-of-center , liberal candidate Felipe Calderón will be the country 's next president .
Viewed from afar , such campaign themes might not have been a bad thing : after all , countries need these types of discussion every now and then .
Whether Bush can deliver the goods is obviously open to question , but since Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid traveled to Mexico City two days later to make the same commitment , it seems that Mexico 's six years of vain efforts might finally prove fruitful .
Moreover , it might also lose Plan Colombia , the huge -- and hugely controversial -- American aid program that has funneled tens of billions of dollars into Colombia since the late 1990 's , ostensibly to fight the drug cartels , but also , in fact , to wage counter-insurgency .
Moreover , it might also lose Plan Colombia , the huge -- and hugely controversial -- American aid program that has funneled tens of billions of dollars into Colombia since the late 1990 's , ostensibly to fight the drug cartels , but also , in fact , to wage counter-insurgency .
Invoking pragmatism to justify continued human rights violations in Cuba merely because economic reforms might dissuade a mass exodus to Mexico and Florida is a bad idea .
Democratic transitions throughout the hemisphere had made guerrilla warfare unjustifiable : as Che foretold in his La Guerra de Guerrillas in 1962 , wherever the trappings -LRB- or , one might add , the realities -RRB- of democratic rule prevailed , taking up arms was pointless .
But Cuba is just part of what might be called Latin America 's `` left '' problem .
Signing the papers would be groundbreaking , as it would signal for the first time that suspected rights abusers might face trial anywhere in the world if justice was not likely at home .
That it might appear absurd to invite Cuba , which has not had an elected president since the 1950 's , and not Lobo , who was cleanly elected just months ago , did not seem to worry either Mexican host Felipe Calderón or his colleagues .
The likely winner in the June 26 run-off election , Juan Manuel Santos , will pursue most of outgoing president Alvaro Uribe 's domestic policies , but might change course slightly in foreign affairs .
Indeed , this might be the last trip that a US president ever makes to `` Latin America . ''
Some -- including me , up to a point -- might have thought that once democracy had taken hold in the region , the disproportionate political weight of painters , writers , poets , and musicians would begin to decline ; they would no longer be the voice of the voiceless , because the voiceless now had a voice of their own .
Ollanta Humala might keep his promises and complement Peru 's spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
Human SARS might never have spread to the extent that it did -LRB- killing 800 people and devastating economies -RRB- if the problem had been openly acknowledged , with the World Health Organization involved from the outset .
Partner countries that are less integrated into the global market , such as Moldova , have seen the crisis arrive more slowly , but the real effect might be equally as bad , and they are likely to recover more slowly .
What might look like a small step for mankind is certainly a giant leap for Europe .
Beyond the vast questions of geopolitics and security , we might also hope for another realization to come out of September 11th .
As we might expect , sensation-generating areas are active , but so are structures in emotion-generating areas of the brain and structures related to attention and thinking .
The altered parts of the nervous system might keep generating injury messages , even after the original injury has healed .
Memory of tissue injury rather than new messages of injury might contribute to the formation of pain , and in this way the brain might continuously create pain in the absence of its original cause .
Alternatively , the brain might turn minor signaling of tissue injury into a major pain by mixing cognitive and emotional memories into the formation of the pain experience .
Latin America : Forgotten in the US Vote Berkeley &#45; &#45; As voters in the United States handicap the presidential race , Latin Americans can watch and imagine what a President Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama or John McCain might do for their countries .
Latin Americans might even ask -- do the candidates really care about us ? After all , U.S. corn-based ethanol production is creating havoc on food prices and no one in the presidential race seems upset .
Without the military security that Mao created , it might not have been possible for China to build economic power on the scale that it has .
To display its displeasure at Lee Hsien Loong 's visit , China 's government warned Singapore that a bilateral free-trade deal might be in jeopardy .
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
Every Indian and Pakistani government embraces the Kashmiri cause , both as a useful device to divert attention from their failures and because they fear what their publics might do if they were seen as surrendering to the traditional enemy on so vital an issue .
Vajpayee , for his part , has hinted that if Pakistan wants a decent deal , it ought to make one with him , as he might be the last Indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue .
If deadlock and confusion were the only results , such political impasses might be tolerable .
The United States and Europe 's mature democracies may function well enough with the `` checks and balances '' of divided government -LRB- though the Republicans ' bid to impeach President Clinton a few years ago might suggest otherwise -RRB- , but in Asia the failure to bestow executive and legislative powers on a single institution is usually a terrible drawback .
Although the technologies and situations that brain-machine interfacing devices present might seem new and unfamiliar , they pose few new ethical challenges .
Doing so might have slight effects on mood or memory function or impair speech control .
Education , no less than military might , is a security imperative , for it helps the world -- both individuals and societies -- to escape the consequences of widespread poverty , rapid population growth , environmental problems , and social injustices .
Besides , a short , victorious war might help stem the revolutionary tide threatening the Romanov dynasty .
At first glance , it seems reasonable that political parties might be able to translate women 's gender consciousness into a unified voting bloc .
One day , Romania might actually learn this lesson .
Judges have sentenced too many killers to absurdly lenient prison terms , diminishing any deterrent effect that the tribunal might generate .
There are those who think that this is precisely what might happen to Mr. Blair over Iraq .
Such hard power means `` law and order '' within and military might without .
A cynic might be tempted to say that when politicians run out of ideas , they turn to making or changing the constitution .
They just might dissuade politicians who are bereft of ideas from indulging in pet projects that lead nowhere .
In a sense it might be better to let such movements have a go at government and hope that they will fail - as have most of the current European groups of an antidemocratic ilk .
A third need is to preserve , and in many cases to recreate , what one might call islands of security .
After all , it might be the case that national elections in a place groping for a democratic future are not the best first step on the road to a liberal order .
What one might call `` the liberal order '' requires at least two institutional ingredients .
It would establish what might be called the `` Turkish solution . ''
Such a strategy might even lead to an outcome about which those who want Iraq to join a free world can genuinely say : mission accomplished .
Greater European input might have balanced the `` hard power '' of the US military machine with the `` soft power '' of Europe 's experience of diversity and of dealing with post-war situations .
An alliance of those who espouse and practice liberal democracy might provide a pole of certainty in a highly uncertain world .
Legitimacy by election is particularly problematic in countries with what might be called `` endemic minorities . ''
Indeed , a party of the young might well have better prospects than the `` Greys . ''
Equally important , had the EU not supported the creation of an administrative and social infrastructure of liberty , there might well have been a more serious communist or even fascist backlash in Poland , Hungary , and elsewhere .
Nevertheless , while a free society recognizes limits to inequality , it also accepts that inequality exists , for it provides hope for many by showing what one might achieve with ability and luck -- or perhaps even luck alone .
Yet the party might have a better sense of what is viable not just today , but also tomorrow -- at the next election , for example .
Today 's Counter-Enlightenment Not long ago , one might have concluded that , at least in Europe , there were no taboos left .
What a poor world it would be if anything that might offend any group could no longer be said !
I might not do it , but I would nevertheless defend the right of someone who decides otherwise .
All three were powerful prime ministers of their countries , though perhaps not the epitome of what might be regarded as feminine values .
Some might argue that at a time when even major parties can no longer hope to gain the support of more than 50 % of the electorate , it is important that parliament reflects the variety of views held by the people who elect it .
While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional `` penny in the pound '' -LRB- i.e. , 1 % of tax -RRB- of income tax to keep higher education going , most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons .
The increase in Turkey 's population might almost balance out the decline in the population of the present EU 15 ; but it is unlikely that today 's existing member states will regard this satisfactory .
What is surprising is that , given the differences now arising between the US and its allies - the word schism might not be inappropriate - Mr. Bush 's meetings with Europe 's leaders proceeded so smoothly .
Turkey , after much huffing and puffing , has had its status as an officially recognized candidate for membership reaffirmed , even if mighty doubts remain as to when it will actually join .
But if the British economy were doing very badly , the other member states might snub Britain .
One might think that Britons ' aversion to the EU would be reflected in support for , and pride in , their national institutions . Not so .
It might help harmonize the foreign policies of the member states .
France will hold a referendum on the Constitution for the end of this month , and a French `` No , '' the British seem to think , might make their problem go away .
So he did what French Presidents usually do in such circumstances : rather than admit that French voters might be right , he sacked Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin as a scapegoat , replacing him with his protégé Dominique de Villepin , who has never held an elective office .
Rather than admit any such thing , Chirac hurried to meet German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , so that they could jointly reaffirm their traditional alliance as the spiritual leaders of this European project , in the hope that the Constitutional Treaty might yet be rescued .
Britain , he says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
From a narrowly British perspective , this might seem a shrewd and reasonable posture for defending British interests .
Coming from anyone else , Blair 's proposal to re-think the CAP might seem reasonable ; indeed , over the years , the EU has tried -LRB- slowly -RRB- to reform its defects .
The second concern is what one might call intellectual capture .
One might characterize this as a dialogue of the deaf , except that most deaf people manage to communicate with each other quite well , through sign language and other means .
The reader is obliged to conclude that regulators might not have been so dim after all .
If efforts to produce a parallel bail-in arrangement , which allows bondholders to share the pain , are also successful , we might be within sight of a sensible and not-too-costly reform with which the market can make peace -- and which regulators would have a realistic chance of managing .
But things might have to get worse before the political mood swings .
Unfortunately , the final implementation date for these new obligations has been deferred until 2019 -- by which point a few banks might still be left standing .
Bankers accept that , in the long run , the theorem might hold , but argue that it will take time , especially given recent events , to persuade investors that banks are genuinely safer , and that their shares should be thought of as closer to utility stocks , yielding a lower return .
Depending on size , this might constrain the ambitions of institutions that have plainly been `` too big to manage , '' as well as `` too big to fail , '' which is the most fearsome combination .
If the authorities are seen to have brought new institutions into being by fiat , might they not be obligated to support them , come what may ?
The governor from a country in recession might feel almost bound to vote against an increase in interest rates , or for a cut , regardless of overall conditions in the eurozone .
Especially in nervous markets , which we certainly have today , any perception that the ECB 's decisions might not take into account the interests of the whole eurozone , or could commit the major countries to significant losses , could itself be destabilizing .
Markets might once have been fairly efficient , before we had the theory of efficient markets .
Of course , many cancers might not have developed in the first place had these patients not been exposed to other cancer-causing agents in the environment .
Where the poet John Keats wrote `` Beauty is truth , truth beauty , '' Bacon might have said , `` Utility is truth , truth utility '' -- as long as we take `` utility '' in a very broad sense .
But tests of whether birth weight might explain some of the link between intelligence and mortality have found no connection .
Therefore , the reason that intelligence and death are linked might be that people with higher intelligence in childhood make better decisions about health , and have healthier behaviors .
As we have come across these specific findings , we have realized that each link might need a different explanation .
Both sides want to do more , and they might be able to make a greater impact by working together rather than separately .
A weak interim national government -- or a United Nations or foreign occupying administration -- should not attempt to implement policies such as privatizing national resources when doing so might incite political resistance .
In Kosovo , for example , the transformation of the Kosovo Liberation Army into a civilian peace force has caused great insecurity over the years , which the UN administration might ultimately regret if the resolution of the province 's final status does not lead to independence .
Indeed , privatization was all the more bizarre as a policy choice because it was doomed in advance : investors clearly would not be attracted to buy assets where property rights might change once a legitimate Iraqi government took over -- a huge impediment to investment in Kosovo as well .
· even before a takeover occurs , managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors , especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover ;
The size and duration of the excess unemployment of ex-construction workers might be substantial and long lasting .
It might require significant time to retrain construction workers and plug them into social networks in which they become good manufacturing workers .
We might see prolonged and high unemployment in the construction sector , and in regions that had seen the biggest previous construction booms .
Advocates of austerity counter that confidence in the government 's credit might collapse , and the government might have to roll over its debt on unfavorable terms .
Worse , the government might be unable to refinance its debt at all , and then would have to cut spending and raise taxes sharply .
How is the possibility that a government might be forced into radical fiscal consolidation an argument for taking that step immediately , under no duress and before the recovery is well established ?
And , if one is worried that the British people might change their minds , well , the princes of Wall Street or the barons of Canary Wharf or US Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner would certainly be willing to sell derivatives contracts to protect Britain against exchange-rate risk for the next several years .
Today , we have next to no hard-money lobby , almost all investors have substantially diversified portfolios , and nearly everybody suffers mightily when unemployment is high and capacity utilization and spending are low .
How is it that the unemployed , and those who fear they might be the next wave of unemployed , do not register to vote ?
So , rather than talking about the US debt ceiling , let us think instead about all of the things that the debt-ceiling impasse has prevented the US government from doing during the past six months -- all of the useful policies that might have been debated and enacted , but were not .
The world in the future will be a riskier place than we thought it was -- not because government will no longer offer guarantees that it should never have offered in the first place , but rather because the real risk that one 's customers might vanish in a prolonged depression is back .
As a result , America would not just end this episode 3 % poorer than it might have been ; the gap would grow -- to 7 % by 2035 and 11 % by 2055 .
How , you might ask , can I say this ?
Deep recessions , high real interest rates , and financial chaos were all on the menu -- although the then US Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin , the IMF 's Michel Camdessus and Stanley Fischer , and many Mexican and East Asian politicians and central bankers skillfully prevented at least the first two crises from becoming much more destructive than they might have been .
Korean steelworkers might well ask whatever happened to the Republican Party 's historic commitment to free trade .
Would n't the rest of us rather minimize than maximize the time we might be faced with the problem of containing a Hindu Nationalist India , a Wilhelmine China , or a Weimar Russia ?
This means a willingness to ask , `` What else might happen ? , '' `` What if we 're wrong ? , '' `` What could happen next ? , '' and to look at the full range of potential outcomes -- at their costs as well as their benefits -- rather than assuming that results will match some fashionable ideology or favorite administration model .
In the United States , the fears of nine months ago that America 's economy might succumb to deflation have been dispelled .
Such large-scale lending might cut a generation off the time it would take economies where people were poor to converge with the industrial structures and living standards of rich countries .
Back in the early 1990 's , American officials like me who were making long-term forecasts for the Clinton administration cautioned that it would be rash to forecast an average long-run growth rate of more than 2.5 % per year - and that actual growth might turn out to be even slower .
The second historical rule of thumb is that currencies on the decline tend to overshoot : near the bottom , international currency speculators require a substantial risk premium out of the fear that the currency crash might trigger something even worse .
The end of the American housing bubble might not turn out badly .
Slow growth of greenhouse-gas emissions in rapidly-growing economies must be accompanied by credible promises to deliver massive amounts of assistance in the mighty tasks of industrialization , education , and urbanization that China , India , Mexico , Brazil , and many other developing countries face .
Friedman and Keynes both agreed that successful macroeconomic management was necessary - that the private economy on its own might well be subject to unbearable instability and that strategic , powerful , but limited economic intervention by the government was necessary to maintain stability .
A difference of opinion that rested on different judgments about how the world works , which could -LRB- and ultimately was -RRB- resolved by empirical research , you might say .
After the inflations of World War I , a prudent investor might have thought gold -- easily assessable , portable , and real -- an attractive asset .
Investors fearing geopolitical catastrophe might cope to some degree by raising their consumption spending .
It was the summer of 2000 when I began asking Republicans I know -- generally people who might be natural candidates for various sub-cabinet policy positions in a Republican administration -- how worried they were that the Republican presidential candidate , George W. Bush , was clearly not up to the job .
One might think that foreign investors would quake in terror at these terms and shy away from dollar-denominated assets .
One year , they might seek to control inflation , but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment , and next year they might try to lower the government 's debt refinancing costs , and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political masters prefer .
Yes , the US might enter a small recession -- the odds are roughly 50-50 of that happening .
But if China does not accelerate the renminbi 's revaluation , the world might see a large burst of consumer inflation in China in the next two or three years .
The resulting recession might fuel further pessimism and cutbacks in spending , deepening the downturn .
A US in recession would no longer serve as the world 's importer of last resort , which might send the rest of the world into recession as well .
On the contrary , in this scenario there are opportunities : the dollar , after all , might rise ; US interest rates will be at normal levels ; asset values will not be unduly depressed ; and investment spending will not be affected by financial turmoil .
Ronald Reagan might have approved .
Nevertheless , a dispassionate observer might point out that for someone with limited resources and opportunities for policy reform to keep betting double-or-nothing on neo-liberalism is a strategy that has a well-deserved name : `` Gambler 's Ruin . ''
They might be right .
Fiscal deficits so large that they put the debt-to-GDP ratio on an explosive upward trend do not merely act as a drag on long-term economic growth ; they also create the possibility that at any moment the economy might face an immediate macroeconomic and financial disaster .
A more hawkish fiscal stance may no longer be possible in future Democratic administrations , and might not be good policy if it were , given the likely complexion of successor administrations .
In 2004-2007 , I considered that I might be wrong about a relatively rapid resolution to the world 's economic distress : as the late Rudi Dornbusch put it , unsustainable macroeconomic imbalances can sustain themselves longer than economists -LRB- with their touching faith in rational human decision making -RRB- believe is possible .
Yes , this is what might be called `` lemon socialism , '' creating grave dangers for corporate control , posing a threat of large-scale corruption , and establishing a precedent for intervention that could be very dangerous down the road .
If the poorest countries stay poor , their rates of population growth might fall much more slowly than the United Nations predicts .
Economists have spent their lives attempting to evolve theories that would account for how salient features of reality might emerge if we did live in their ideal world , but since we do n't , their theoretical enterprise is of doubtful utility .
This crash in prices of risky financial assets would not overly concern the rest of us were it not for the havoc that it has wrought on the price system , which is sending a peculiar message to the real economy . The price system is saying : shut down risky production activities and do n't undertake any new activities that might be risky .
A Fresh Start for Europe As Europe 's leaders gather in Portugal to put the finishing touches on the new , slimmed down , Reform Treaty , it might be helpful if they all pretended that the last 50 years of European integration had never taken place .
During moments of political transition -- a military victory , for example -- the emperor might designate a special `` era name '' to help celebrate the good news .
Or the court might test out a new era name after a political debacle , in an effort to wipe the slate clean .
Kim 's visit should be evaluated in terms of Chinese-North Korean relations as they are , rather than as others might wish them to be .
The final misconception is that Hu might have demanded an explanation from Kim as to the causes of the fatal sinking of a South Korean vessel in late March .
The argument is strong for providing stimulus through increased government expenditures rather than relying on , say , tax cuts , because panicked consumers might save the money instead of spending it .
But such a guarantee is a mirage anyway , whereas respect for basic freedoms and due process when repressing terrorism is a powerful instrument to isolate extremists and diminish their legitimacy in the eyes of those that might identify with their cause .
At the end of the 1980 's , some analysts thought rates as high as 120 might finally produce the long-sought equilibrium .
While an appreciating currency might eventually drive labor-intensive manufacturers out of business , if Japan 's economic history is any guide , they are likely to be replaced by producers of things like ships , machine tools , semiconductors , and doubtless new products yet to be invented .
That might be why governments are so widely seen to have a positive duty to promote stem cell research and other forms of medical progress .
One in five human genes is now patented , even though the human genome might be thought to be our common heritage .
Their innovative strategy is to draw on the First Amendment , which protects freedoms such as speech and religion , to argue that patents restrict patients ' freedom of access to information that might enable us to take action to protect our health .
How can a commercial firm not only deny me the right to know my own genetic profile unless I pay their fee for the diagnostic test , which might be fair enough , but also to prevent any other firm from offering me a similar test unless those firms pay it a license fee ?
While preventing cervical cancer might seem a genuine benefit , critics charge that the program seems to be mainly about meeting targets , rather than serving the health-care needs of disadvantaged groups .
The possible connection between Perisic 's arrest and Milosevic 's trial is this : Perisic might have been attempting to give information about the Army 's involvement in actions of interest to the Hague prosecutors .
No sign of that yet . Where the euro 's floor might be remains a matter of speculation .
Private investor\/business confidence might then fall from the prospect of inflation and with that consumption .
What other flexible measures might there be ?
Public works programs on the order of what took place in the 1930s might be enacted , but that is good for jobs , not the budget .
Up to a third believe there might be a negative quarter soon , but by next year confidence should have fully rebounded , with unemployment peaking at 5 % , a number comfortably below historical standards .
A moment of enlightenment might arise in Saudi Arabia so that , in a nick of time , stable government is restored , and it is conceivable that some inflationary strategy might get Japan off the hook before the chimes at midnight strike .
Japan might get some growth , probably not even a full percentage point of GDP .
The only thing that might hold the dollar at near to present levels is a bad economic performance in Europe .
In fact , in the short term , an investor might be attracted by the increasing price of a commodity , although the price is not based on any fundamental data .
Besides investing large amounts of money , they hold futures contracts for a long time , which might make them less likely to react to changes in market fundamentals .
· As excess demand in well-functioning futures markets can easily be met by sufficient supply -LRB- i.e. , by issuing new futures contracts -RRB- , the effect of speculation on the equilibrium price is relatively small and short-lived compared to price swings of a physical asset , for which supply might be less elastic or even fixed in the short term .
Limiting or even banning speculation in futures markets might therefore be costly and have unintended consequences .
Proposals to create an international fund to counteract price hikes in futures markets , for example , might divert speculators from trading and thus lower the market liquidity available for hedging purposes .
In this instance , Mexico prefers multilateralism to unilateralism , and peaceful disarmament over military might , because Mexico 's interests diverge from those of the US .
At some point , yields might become so high that the government concerned could not refinance its maturing debt or finance its current expenses .
There is a standard language for representing diseases , but in many cases the records containing this language might as well be hidden in mattresses .
Clearly , the liquidity of the shares and the perception of a lack of diligence on the part of corporate managers matters mightily .
Finally , the Libyan case and the Dubai debt crisis of 2009 might increase suspicion in the developed world and lead to protectionism against SWFs , especially those from North Africa and the Gulf .
They are well-off , well-established members of society , not marginal figures whom we might expect to be drawn to desperate acts of violence .
They wrote back and asked him to resend files in the older '' . doc '' format -- which might not have worked if he had inadvertently used some new-fangled formatting feature .
The Miliband race was an extreme example of what might be called counter-nepotism -- the attempt to abstract the politician from all private attachments .
Foreigners -- and residents -- might well grow disenchanted with the currency of an economy with these characteristics .
Mark Twain , the nineteenth-century American author and humorist , once responded to accounts of his ill health by writing that `` reports of my death are greatly exaggerated . '' He might have been speaking about the dollar .
Thus , the initiative here might best come from another G-20 country -- maybe Brazil , South Africa , or even Russia .
You might well ask : how would Californians feel if their state was forced to turn over its budget temporarily to a special master appointed by President Barack Obama 's administration ?
Asia has plenty of competent economic officials who might be considered as the next managing director of the IMF .
But what might work in southern Europe has no chance of working elsewhere .
Augmenting an FCL for countries with impeccably strong policies with a PCL for countries with reasonably strong policies might break this deadlock .
They might have to pay somewhat higher interest rates to address concerns about moral hazard .
One problem with the FCL is what might happen if the IMF disqualifies a previously prequalified country .
Once upon a time , comparing prices in dollars and euros might have been beyond the capacity of all but the most sophisticated traders and investors .
BERKELEY -- Three years into the financial crisis , one might think that the world could put Great Depression analogies behind it .
China might not be happy with the result .
But the French never explained exactly how restoration of the gold standard might be accomplished , or how it would translate into price and economic stability , given gold markets ' volatility and the disastrous consequences of the gold standard -- not least in France -- in the 1930 's .
It may stretch credulity to think that a high-growth economy like China might soon be facing similar problems .
Keynes failed in his quest to endow the IMF with the power to create a new international reserve unit as an alternative to the dollar . And he failed to secure agreement on measures that might force surplus as well as deficit countries , and the issuer of the international currency as well as its users , to adjust .
There have been predictions that governments stretched to the limit by the financial crisis might respond by abandoning the euro .
They might resort to the inflation tax and inject the national currency to restore liquidity to their banking systems and financial markets .
So , rather than worrying that they might be approaching a Lehman Brothers moment , European policymakers would be better off designing a Greek debt deal tailored , like the Brady Plan , to avoid this fate .
What better legacy for an outgoing ECB president than to dust off his notes and explain to other European policymakers how the lessons of the Brady Plan might now be applied ?
And , finally , history suggests that a Marshall Plan for Greece might actually work .
Europeans might usefully look back 60 years , to a time when their own countries , perched on the brink of a similar collapse , received the help that they needed to recover -- help that has put them in a position to do something similar for Greece today .
One might think that the SDR , as a basket of four currencies , might be attractive to central banks and governments seeking to hedge their bets .
Some , like stronger fiscal rules and closer surveillance of policies affecting competitiveness , might help to head off some future crisis , but they will do nothing to resolve this one .
And the recent G-20 summit in Cannes produced no agreement on steps that might have helped to resolve the crisis .
US budget deficits as far as the eye can see might excite fear of losses on US Treasury bonds .
A de facto policy of inflating away the debt might stoke such fears further .
And lowering administrative barriers to imports might redirect more spending toward foreign goods than the authorities intend .
And , since strict regulation , if adopted unilaterally , might simply cause foreign banks to shun a country , emerging markets need to put up a united front .
We might get a sneak preview this year and in 2011 , when European leaders must select a new ECB president and vice-president .
Fiscal consolidation equivalent to 1 % of GDP per year might bring government debt down toward 60 % of GDP -- the ceiling imposed by the EU 's Stability and Growth Pact - -- during the next decade .
After all , one of the core freedoms of a democracy is that voters have the right to behave in ways that outsiders might deem irresponsible and incoherent .
Had the ECB known this at the start of Europe 's debt crisis , it might have resisted taking so many risks with its balance sheet and reputation .
In the coming decade , Poland might double its GDP , the Baltic countries increase their GDP by 60 % .
When Europe 's division ended , an opportunity to recreate the Baltic 's traditional free movements of people , ideas and merchandise - all of which once contributed mightily to regional prosperity - suddenly appeared .
Many of Srebrenica 's survivors were clinging to the desperate hope that a missing husband or son might still be alive in a remote camp .
If this is allowed to continue , we might end up opening a Pandora 's Box , setting free the nationalistic and xenophobic ghosts of the past .
Indeed , in a time of austerity , US politicians might find it difficult to understand Europe 's willingness to cut defense budgets that already total far less than NATO 's official 2 % - of-GDP target .
If Nietzsche were alive today , he might be pitching antidepressants for Pfizer .
The Gulf War confirmed American military might and the age-old perils of appeasement .
Is it within the scope of the no-fly zone to take out command and control centers that might direct aircraft ?
True , one or more of these results might , conceivably , be the effect of permissible military action , but they can not be its objective .
To demand that every case that seems to look alike be treated alike might set the bar impossibly high , and certainly runs the risk of becoming hostage to critics -- like those who attack the intervention in Libya -- who assert that if you ca n't act everywhere , you should n't act anywhere .
Some of WikiLeaks ' releases of sensitive material have been perfectly defensible on classic freedom-of-information grounds , exposing abuses that might otherwise have remained concealed .
It is also bound to inhibit officials -- all but the bravest tend to be inhibited anyway -- from conveying foreign criticism of government policy or personalities that might find its way into the media .
If Americans and Europeans had saved more , they might not have created the global imbalances that fueled the financial crisis , or the worldwide sovereign-debt problems that have since emerged .
Without domestic structural change , currency appreciation would not only undermine exports , but might also decrease imports , owing to higher unemployment and lower income .
Lanzhou , the capital city of Gansu province in the west , might never catch up with Suzhou , a well-known manufacturing base near Shanghai .
Announcing the abolition of the hukou system might be easy , but it would mean little without institutions that can cushion the risks faced by rural migrant workers in China 's cities .
While peak oil theorists have strong views about that , they do not allow for all the current and future technological possibilities that might increase resources .
Many current studies focus on developing vaccines that might not completely prevent HIV infection , but that still could slow the progression of HIV or make a person less likely to pass the virus on to others .
But the preventive measure is extremely costly , and it might have an effect opposite to our intention .
At that point , the precautionary principle might suggest that we take drastic action to stop burning fossil fuels .
It also specified scenarios in which the US might use nuclear weapons first , even against non-nuclear states , and called for a new generation of US nuclear warheads , including low yield or so-called `` mini-nukes . ''
But it is also important not to do it too soon , which might stifle today 's nascent and very fragile recovery .
In fact , Congress might tell the Fed that it should wait until there are clear signs of inflation and a much lower unemployment rate .
While it is hard to say how much the decline might be , it would not be surprising to see a fall of 20 % over the next several years from the current level of about 1.4 dollars per euro .
If it were not part of the euro system , Greece might not have gotten into its current predicament and , even if it had gotten into its current predicament , it could have avoided the need to default .
Greece might have been able to avoid that outcome if it were not in the eurozone .
We might read that the average forecast of 20 different forecasters is 2.8 % , with the five highest forecasts above 3.2 % and the five lowest forecasts below 2.5 % .
While that is useful information , it does not say anything about the extent to which each forecaster believes that growth might turn out to be less than 1 % , or even less than zero .
While it would be rash to forecast a double dip as the most likely outcome for the economy during the rest of this year , many of us are raising the odds that we attribute to such a downturn . Unfortunately , those forecasts of what might happen remain hidden .
But if households instead become optimistic about the pace of recovery , they might choose to cut back on their saving in order to maintain consumption , despite weak earnings .
Foreign investors might therefore fear that future US administrations will be tempted to reduce the real value of that debt by allowing a higher inflation rate .
But foreign investors , who hold nearly half of the US government 's debt now -- and are likely to hold an even larger share in the future -- could still have reason to worry that the US might someday try to reduce the value of its debt in a way that adversely affects them but not Americans , or that affects all debt holders but relieves the foreign-debt burden on American taxpayers .
And if Japan 's domestic net saving surplus vanishes , the current $ 175 billion of capital outflow would no longer be available to other countries , while Japan might itself become a net drain on global savings .
That might please China 's neighbors , but it would not appeal to Chinese producers .
Why , then , might the Chinese authorities deliberately allow the renminbi to rise more rapidly ?
There are two fundamental reasons why the Chinese government might choose such a policy : reducing its portfolio risk and containing domestic inflation .
A barrel of oil might still cost $ 90 , but a 10 % increase in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate reduces the renminbi price by 10 % .
Looking back on the past year , the 6 % rise in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate might understate the increase in the relative cost of Chinese goods to American buyers because of differences in domestic inflation rates .
Those of us who supported this policy generally knew that history and economic theory implied that such one-time fiscal transfers have little effect , but we thought that this time might be different .
Portugal might follow Greece in a sovereign default and in leaving the eurozone .
The most obvious reason that a country might choose to withdraw is to escape from the one-size-fits-all monetary policy imposed by the single currency .
A country that finds its economy very depressed during the next few years , and fears that this will be chronic , might be tempted to leave the EMU in order to ease monetary conditions and devalue its currency .
Although that may or may not be economically sensible , a country in a severe economic downturn might very well take such a policy decision .
The Stability and Growth Pact , which limits euro-zone members ' fiscal deficits , is another reason why a country might want to leave the EMU .
Whatever the logic of that proposition , it would open the door to much greater income redistribution . High-income countries might find that reason enough to want out .
That is clearly a substantial risk if the country is Germany or France . But even if it is one of the smaller countries , it might be a serious threat because it could be seen as the beginning of the end .
To some degree , fear of terrorism might shield US leaders from the need for accountability .
The Iranian regime 's analysis might prove a dangerous miscalculation , because it is likely to lead sooner rather than later to a `` hot '' confrontation that Iran simply can not win .
French President Jacques Chirac unguardedly speculated that an Iran with one or two nuclear bombs might not pose a serious a threat , given the possibility of nuclear retaliation &#45; &#45; his musings so startled French officials that they quickly jumped in to correct the President 's comments .
Despite all the differences that might exist between the two countries -- differences that are likely to grow -- there is no alternative to their alliance .
Instead , after a US withdrawal , the country might fall apart , possibly leading to `` balkanization '' of the Middle East , with extremely dangerous consequences for the whole region .
This might be advantageous for Bush 's domestic purposes , but as a foreign policy , it will only escalate the risk of a Middle East explosion .
By mid-century , the lives of seven billion people might be governed by its laws .
But one might conclude from the bizarre debates we engage in about climate change that what the world needs is a change in its political and psychological mood , rather than a profound social and economic transformation .
One might fear that Camp David proves to be the tragedy and Annapolis the farce .
But if America 's next president is committed to a new direction , US foreign policy might again become more multilateral , more focused on international institutions and alliances , and willing to bring the relationship between military force and diplomacy back to within its historical proportions .
That Iran -- a country whose president never tires of calling for Israel 's annihilation and that threatens Israel 's northern and southern borders through its massive support of proxy wars waged by Hezbollah and Hamas -- might one day have missiles with nuclear warheads is Israel 's worst security nightmare .
As a result , Russia 's current challenging of the territorial integrity of Georgia might prove to be a grave error in the not-so-distant future .
But Europe must never accept a renewal of Russian great power politics , which operates according to the idea that might makes right .
However , this impression -- correct where the past is concerned -- might prove deceptive in the future , because two global megatrends will subject the region to more profound change than all the many previous political crises and wars were able to bring about .
If Europe sees its role in this crisis -- which might yet turn into a full-blown depression -- as that of a free-rider , it will be treated accordingly in the future .
But cooperation on Ukraine might eventually lead to the creation of a far more meaningful Germany-Poland-Russia triangle that could give a new stimulus to Europe 's eastern policy .
Since the global crisis erupted in the fall of 2008 , both Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy have been faced with threats that their political majorities might disappear if they put aside their national interests in favor of a European compromise .
Berlin is consumed not with the question of what Europe might need in this historical situation , and what Germany 's role should be , but with fear -- of the conservative and tabloid press , of further losses in state elections , and of the possibility that the German constitutional court will intervene and overturn the existing programs to contain the euro crisis .
In fact , Merkel 's `` triumph '' consisted of nothing more than a Council promise to `` review '' a change to the Lisbon Treaty -- albeit a change below the level that might make referendums necessary .
In simple language : forget about any punishment or automatic trigger mechanisms that might affect a country 's sovereignty .
BERLIN -- Returning to Europe lately after a six-day trip to the United States , I wondered for the first time while reading the press on the recent Irish crisis whether the euro -- and thus the European Union -- might possibly fail .
Europe might thus be called on to take up the slack in the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East , both sooner and on a much larger scale than Europeans suspect .
Given the current pace of change in the Middle East , we might not have to wait long for answers -- or for more questions .
Were the US to succeed in using its military strength , it would create a new , democratic Middle East . But were it , despite its military might , to fail , it would create a power vacuum and destabilize the region .
One might almost think that Saddam was still alive and in power , so his overthrow had to be prepared all over again .
This would be different from applying sanctions , which would risk triggering a '' Masada Complex '' that might push Israel to further extremes .
He always has recourse to the police and the possibility that they might recover the goods .
Some say that the real point is the risk of attack and the destruction that might occur if weapons of mass destruction are deployed .
Sometimes the victims are military and the perpetrators are states , sometimes the cause appears to be just , and sometimes one person with enough weapons but no organization might wreak terror .
A conspiracy to lace letters with anthrax might incite private terror .
Some terrorists might feel remorse and guilt about their actions .
Are they , as well as children brought there by their parents , collectively guilty just because some government officials might have violated the Rome Statute since July 2002 ?
Not all Jews are guilty for the actions of a clique that might have violated international law .
Neither the vast majority of US soldiers nor Americans as individuals have done anything wrong in Iraq -LRB- apart from the invasion itself -RRB- , and thus might balk at allegations of collective guilt for the atrocities .
Yet shame might be more plausible with regard to US behavior in Iraq .
One set of answers might seem apparent from the collapse of international trade negotiations and the unraveling international system to control the spread of nuclear weapons .
Would it be possible to detect in advance clandestine activity aimed at producing one , and , if so , what would Iran have to pledge in the matter of inspections and checks , and how might such pledges be obtained ?
Accordingly , the underperformance of SWF equity portfolios might be a consequence of unfortunate , but constrained , timing , rather than a result of poor stock picking .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
Rashevsky wondered whether a similar mechanism might account for the division of biological cells and the onset of instability in liquid droplets .
Fiscal stimulus turned out to be more widespread in 2009 than one might have guessed .
If the international financial wizards can get together and act on this idea now , commodity exporters might be able to avoid calamity the next time the world price of their product takes a plunge .
So you might think that US industries exposed to severe international price competition would deem the dollar 's strength undesirable .
President Barack Obama 's instincts may be an exception here , but he is fighting powerful hidebound forces in the United States , as well as a demagogic populism , in the form of the Tea Party , that is far worse -- and that might defeat him in 2012 , seriously damaging America in the process .
In the weeks since the debt ceiling agreement , it has become increasingly clear that good government might be impossible in the US .
But such approaches are anathema to the US Republican Party , and to its Tea Party faction in particular , and they might unnerve the many Asians who are nervous at China 's growing military might .
Given that Islamic fundamentalism breeds in economic despair , Libya 's rulers seem to want to take particular care that this process does not create an underclass of victims who might fall prey to the call of religious fanatics .
When urging a colleague to come to the meeting , one committee member noted that if somebody were to catch cold , a completely different decision might be reached .
Perhaps once the mystery of the Nobel Prize is reduced , we might reflect on what is truly significant in science .
If this mechanism did n't work properly , we might falsely attribute sensations caused by our own actions to something happening in the outside world over which we have no control .
As different as they might appear , they attempt to generate exact predictions of human behavior , whether `` rational '' or `` irrational . ''
Even in the heyday of the welfare state , service provision was precisely what lay behind academia 's appeal to policymakers . The public would pay higher taxes because either they or their children might qualify for a course of study that would improve their job prospects , or because researchers ' discoveries might improve the quality of life .
In contrast , the social sciences adhere to the maxim that the best way to study humans is to interact with them , typically by getting them to do and say things that they might otherwise not .
The quality of articles is uneven , as might be expected of a self-organizing process , but it is not uniformly bad .
This often made it difficult to attribute authorship , because a text might consist of a copied lecture in which the copyist 's comments were inserted and then perhaps altered as the book passed to other hands .
To fully realize this ideal , participation in Wikipedia might be made compulsory for advanced undergraduates and Master 's degree candidates worldwide .
Compulsory student participation would not only improve Wikipedia 's already impressive collective knowledge base , but also might help curb the elitist pretensions of researchers in the global knowledge system .
In the case of the university , this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual , political , or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves .
Of course , no one can predict when such a crisis might occur .
A partnership between governments , non-profit research institutions , charities and pharmaceutical companies might be one way to clean up the approval process for new drugs .
Unfortunately , recent research indicates that expanded krill fishing might put the Antarctic ecosystem at risk .
The increased demand for krill , together with the new catching and processing capabilities , has combined in a way that the Antarctic ecosystem might not be able to withstand .
The Convention on the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources -LRB- CCAMLR -RRB- was established in 1982 , as part of the Antarctic Treaty System , in response to concerns that continued unregulated fishing might undermine the basis of the Antarctic food chain .
Indeed , the parallels between cancerous cells and invasive species suggest that the principles for successful cancer therapy might be found not in the magic bullets of microbiology but in the evolutionary dynamics of applied ecology .
In targeted therapies , in which drugs interfere with the molecular signaling needed for proliferation and survival , a cell might adapt by activating or following alternative pathways . All these strategies use up energy that would otherwise be available for invasion into non-cancerous tissues or proliferation , and so reduce a cell 's fitness .
This means that high doses of chemotherapy might actually increase the likelihood of a tumor becoming unresponsive to further therapy .
But Serbia 's point of view is not without merit , and many other countries with territorially concentrated ethnic minorities have reason to be anxious about the precedent that might be set if Kosovo 's declaration of independence is recognized .
Nevertheless , although Russia has been backsliding since Putin took power in 2000 , his policies might have been worse had he been ostracized .
The danger here is that `` community values '' might become a partition that generates attitudes and policies of exclusion .
But public opinion in a number of countries now seems to be turning against democracy , argues Bronislaw Geremek , Poland 's former foreign minister , and proposes ways in which this trend might be reversed .
With more internal democracy and some renewal in its leadership , the ruling alliance might have secured a fifth term .
Her popularity , plus the toll that holding office might take on the Coalición , could turn the Concertación 's recent narrow defeat into a future victory .
Is it reasonable for 99 or perhaps 999 people to suffer for days or months , only to die from complications of surgery , because one person might live ?
They were mightily disappointed when Putin stated that he did not want any `` hysteria '' over these issues .
These are the Chileans for whom a lack of hope might make social unrest seem to be the only alternative .
Following this , they will identify which problems might be solved if this new science is developed .
We 've seen hints of a new paradigm in Apple 's iPhone , which allows gestural finger motions , but in the intelligence community , concept visualization can be so radical that most ordinary users might barely recognize what it was .
It might allow you to feel the `` form '' of a concept with your hands .
Computer scientists might be in a unique position to enable richer communication , and perhaps a more stable future as a consequence .
Indeed , the catastrophes in Japan might finally achieve what decades of conflict in the Middle East have not : compel governments to invest in the research required to develop viable energy alternatives .
Changing our approach to research in this way might seem more difficult than using what we already have .
But importing assistance may not only be less effective ; it might actually cause more damage in the long run .
Indeed , while it might seem as though there would be no problem of cultural transposition in the case of Hurricane Katrina , an examination of the tragedy reveals otherwise .
Even though many of them might not have studied the local culture , they can nonetheless provide guidance that has been informed by the world 's most expensive infrastructure .
`` Bird flu '' has already shown that it can jump from fowl to humans , and now even to cats , which indicates that it might be the next global killer .
Many nerve , respiratory and muscle diseases might also be caused by prions .
New fungal infections are even scarier and might be harder to treat .
If a lot of people are leaving their seats during a sporting event , you might consider it an indication that the event is not exciting .
In addition , it might be necessary to have a review conference in 2015 to adjust our targets and plans to the new realities .
Are you ready to say , `` Okay , kids , I inherited this house , but I neglected to maintain it , so you will have to worry that the roof might collapse at any time '' ?
But the buildup of conventional military forces -- driven in large part by the enormous military might deployed globally by the US -- must be addressed as well .
Yet America 's currency strategy is the most reckless -- another mighty error in an economic policy so wayward that it is hard to know where to begin listing the mistakes .
It might also help push the rest of the world into moving away from its reliance on America as the sole engine of growth .
Without these purchases , the US might face a rise in domestic interest rates that could threaten both its economic recovery and the global economy .
The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country -- not even mighty America -- can devalue its way out of trouble .
That conclusion stems from Putin 's recent statement that he might become prime minister after relinquishing the presidency next May .
In these circumstances , an isolated and increasingly unpopular regime might decide to cancel or rig the presidential election when it fell due .
Donor countries might withhold final payment until auditors sign off .
Of course , if a developing country 's private sector is taking off , foreign aid might be considered unnecessary .
But the real problem in Spain might well lie elsewhere : the exposure of French , German , and other banks to Spain 's real-estate sector .
Ironically , Germany might provide the most useful template for the problems facing US policymakers .
The absence of `` no money down '' mortgages might be more important than Confucian ethics in explaining China 's high savings rate .
If the rental market is well developed -LRB- as in , say , Germany -RRB- , most families might elect not to own .
They might be proud homeowners on paper , but their mortgage was probably underwritten by quasi-governmental institutions like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which in turn rely heavily on capital from China for their own refinancing .
The emerging world 's boom might well stretch over the entire next decade , as hundreds of millions of homes are built .
And Spain clearly has to grapple with its own Irish problem , namely a huge housing over-hang -- and probably large losses in the banking sector -- following the collapse of an outsized real-estate bubble . The problems of Portugal and Spain might be less severe than those of Greece and Ireland , but this apparently is not enough to induce investors to buy their government debt .
The EFSF might be just enough to guarantee the public debt of the four problem countries , but certainly not their banking sectors ' liabilities as well .
A show of overwhelming force might restore calm to the markets .
But it is a risky proposition : if investors exit nonetheless , the required funds might be so large that creditor countries ' taxpayers ' revolt .
Something similar might have to be done for the Spanish banking system 's exposure to the local housing market .
In the case of Greece and Portugal , for example , the tourism industry might absorb some unemployed retailers .
Financial markets might not give the eurozone periphery that much time .
But , during a period of weak domestic demand , structural reforms might actually exacerbate short-term problems .
As long as the Greek people have to be asked to accept one austerity package after another , they might wonder when they will have a direct say on this matter .
Moreover , if Greece 's voters had rejected the deal that has just been proposed to them , the outcome might have foreclosed any further coordination on the country 's debt problems with the European Union .
With popular resistance to paying for profligate southern Europeans rising in Germany and Holland , governments there might be forced to ask their people whether they want to pay the huge costs implied by their commitments to bail out eurozone members that are unwilling or unable to pay .
And the answer might very well be an emphatic `` no , '' as opinion polls in Greece and the experience of Iceland -LRB- whose population twice voted down deals agreed by the Icelandic government -RRB- suggest is likely .
Nobody can know at this point whether Portugal or Italy might be the next stops on this road of resistance .
One might object that the distinction between Southern and Northern views is academic nowadays , because failure really is n't an option , given that it would trigger a disastrous reaction in global financial markets .
The European Council might also recommend that any relaxation of employment protection be accompanied by the establishment of a minimum wage -- determined as an agreed proportion of the statutory wage for regular long-term employment .
This , in turn , might reduce their hostility to migrant workers while offering migrants an equitable and fair legal framework .
In Argentina 's recent legislative election , Cristina Kirchner became a political force in her own right , making the Kirchners a ruling couple from now on -- the second in the country 's history after Juan Perón and Evita . Mrs. Kirchner was elected Senator for the province of Buenos Aires , where much of the country 's economic might is based .
Although the last two options might be difficult to merge -- Mexico might not want the competition of such a large player as Brazil -- they are not mutually exclusive .
The election a year ago of French President Nicolas Sarkozy might have promised a new era of cooperation .
Industrial re-deployment might also be the answer to outsourcing by European companies , so we need to build an integrated Euro-Mediterranean structure that encourages industrial , agricultural , energy , and job mobility .
They might be just as surprised to learn that health policy is not yet subject to the same approach .
Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some , but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation .
All these suggestions highlight what might be any secretary general 's most important asset : his voice .
Security assurances and defensive systems could be provided to states that might otherwise feel compelled to develop their own nuclear programs to counter those of their neighbors .
A similar level of effort might be needed to ensure the continued flow of investment . The goal should be to create a World Investment Organization , which , by encouraging cross-border capital flows , would minimize the risk that `` investment protectionism '' impedes activities that , like trade , are economically beneficial and build political bulwarks against instability .
But there are also more similarities than might be evident from the debates and the campaign .
But it might , especially now that the price of oil has fallen below $ 50 a barrel , a level that leaves Iran 's inefficient economy in worse shape than ever .
In addition , the odds Iran would accept such an offer might increase if the details were made public .
Such an accord might well be desirable , but it is simply not an option for climate change any time soon .
But not acting , in effect accepting Iran 's nuclear might , risks bringing about a more dangerous and possibly costlier future .
An even bigger question mark hovers over what might be the greatest national security concern of all : the federal budget deficit .
As a result , some terrorists , one hopes , will decide to become former terrorists -- and some young radicals might now think twice before deciding to become terrorists in the first place .
Helping to make societies in the Middle East and elsewhere more democratic might reduce the alienation that can lead to radicalism and worse , but this is easier said than done .
The Nigerian father who warned the US embassy in Lagos that he feared what his own son might do -- before that same young man attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 -- is an example of just this .
One might suspect the influence of French political traditions which , on the right as much as on the left , always prefer purity of principle to messy compromise .
Even with a world population that continues to add tens of millions of new mouths every year , given continuing growth in Haber-Bosch fertilizer and a surprising trend toward a worldwide decline in birth rates -LRB- if you live about 50 years longer , according to the best estimates , you 'll see humanity reach zero population growth -RRB- , it might be within humanity 's grasp to avoid mass starvation forever .
More important , should the Council declare a state of financial emergency -- such as the one we are in currently -- the EU agencies might exceptionally be given a position of predominance over national supervisory authorities .
Being too innovative , too competitive , too flexible , growing too much , and exporting too much might become `` a problem '' in this perverted logic of harmonization .
Competition in the rules that govern it might serve us better as well .
It might also prevent rapprochement between Greece and Turkey , despite the hopes raised by Greek Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis 's recent visit to Turkey -- the first in almost a half-century .
Turkey would then have to conduct dual negotiations -- over Cyprus and over its own EU accession . This would risk overlaps and trade-offs between the two , or a cumulative burden of compromises that might become too great for Turks to accept , potentially wrecking both negotiations at one stroke .
Moreover , there seems little doubt that the final , rejected version of the UN 's 2003-04 reunification plan will have to be changed , although earlier versions might contain ideas worth re-visiting .
The US might learn from the experience of other nations and share its experience with them .
When markets fear that a country might not repay its debts , they demand higher interest rates , which in turn make countries less willing or able to repay , justifying the initial fear .
My thinking does not emanate from aversion to Russia , or any feeling of superiority -- or , on the other hand , from fear of how Russia might respond to NATO 's further enlargement .
We are concerned that the Beijing Olympics might simply become a giant spectacle to distract the attention of the international public from the violations of human and civil rights in China and in other countries with the Chinese government 's significant influence .
Liu 's harsh prison sentence was meant as an exemplary measure , a stern warning to all other Chinese who might want to follow his path .
After all , in a post-economic-crisis world of scarce public and private resources , disaster-relief efforts , one might argue , should target only poorer countries and peoples .
Highly personalized politics form part of what might be called Saudi Arabia 's theater of state , which keeps the royals firmly in power .
In addition , the excessive violence in Libya might send the message to other peoples in the region that the cost of change is too high to pay , and that the relatively peaceful transitions seen in Egypt and Tunisia might not be replicable .
It is possible that highly metastasized breast tumors might have acquired additional genetic changes causing resistance to treatment with PARP inhibitors .
Therefore , we suggest that PARP inhibitors might be more useful in the prophylactic treatment of women carrying the gene responsible for this form of inherited breast cancer .
Moments like these are especially challenging for foreign policymakers , who must keep one eye on the world as it is and the other on the world as it might be in the future .
In time , however , the changes might amount to less than was first hoped , and could actually bring about a situation that arguably is worse than the status quo ante -LRB- the French Revolution , the Bolshevik Revolution , and the Iranian Revolution come to mind -RRB- .
In other countries , of course , the outcome might be much more promising -LRB- The American Revolution , Eastern Europe in 1989 -RRB- .
A dictator who has shown no concern for his people might actually prove quite talented at clinging to power .
The world 's advice givers might try to keep this in mind when offering to help leaders of distant countries that are grappling with problems with which the adviser has little or no first-hand experience .
New Arab leaders will struggle mightily with the public 's rising expectations , and their willingness to get behind a peace process will take a backseat to that struggle .
Thus , an argument could be made that during this delicate time of transition , and in the complete absence of any indication of progress , the peace process might well benefit -- at least for the time being -- from stalemate , if not benign neglect .
When nothing is moving in the right direction , the most appropriate step might be to press the pause button .
If the peace process does not exist , the resulting vacuum might tempt some in the Arab world to deal with the problem of rising economic expectations -- and , alas , dashed political expectations -- through old-fashioned anti-Israel demagoguery .
Mere suspicion might form the basis of action .
For Musharraf , this means that continuing to hunt with the hounds and run with the hares might get harder .
One might have expected the Americans to know better than to bet all on a man who might be gone tomorrow .
Whether a condition was diagnosed as disordered depended not just on the symptoms , which might be similar in normal sadness , and not just on the condition 's severity , for normal sadness can be severe and disordered sadness moderate , but on the degree to which the symptoms were an understandable response to circumstances .
Because Europe is militarily insignificant , they argue , it is not surprising that Europeans emphasize diplomacy , rather than military might , to resolve disputes .
Forewarned is forearmed , and early action might diffuse problems which would otherwise become intractable .
Protecting himself and Qatar by hosting the largest American military base outside the United States , his strategy has been to wrest control from regional third parties who might otherwise dominate the smaller Gulf states .
When a stubborn teenager went up against the mighty lottery authority with its army of auditors and inspectors and initial alibis , this individual , not the system , was the clear winner of the public 's admiration .
But the social revolution brought by microblogging might be even more important than the communication revolution .
One or two EU countries might object that this would mix institutional apples and oranges .
For a warlord in American pay , victory might look like secure control of heroin production , together with death to his warlord rivals .
They might have to abolish mis-targeted subsidies to free up resources for more targeted and efficient anti-poverty and job-creation programs .
If the epidemic were in decline , it might be anticipated that the average age of the patients would increase in the final stages -LRB- as occurred with cattle in the UK that were infected with BSE -RRB- .
But variant CJD affects patients who are much younger than sporadic CJD patients , which might be due to either age-related exposure to BSE or age-related susceptibility .
Indeed , secondary transmission by blood transfusion or surgical instruments might even result in variant CJD becoming endemic in the UK population .
What is new , however , is that the firms themselves might not gain from trade defense .
It is even suggested that some countries might abandon EMU if this process continues -- a threat that , if carried out , would amount to economic suicide .
No one can possibly know in advance exactly how big this `` bill '' might be , though that question -- important as that is -- misses the crucial point : a common bond would be the first step down a slippery slope to bail-outs , and thus to the end of the euro area as a zone of stability .
Barring some compelling need , the calculus might well arise that it is more important to abide by the constitution for some time -- and to be seen to be abiding by it -- than it is even to improve its provisions .
Some of Iraq 's Sunni leaders might thus conclude that permanent armed opposition is their only viable strategy .
True , they might not be able to topple the new regime , but they will be able to de-stabilize Iraq over the long term , in the hope of forcing a negotiated settlement of their grievances .
Doing so might well mean a retreat from the pre-election banning of candidates , and would demonstrate a maturity among the Shia political elites that they have not yet shown .
Even if the eurozone might not satisfy the necessary economic preconditions at the outset , economic variables would converge later on .
Thanks to America 's recently announced military agreement with Colombia , Chávez 's ideas got more of a hearing than might have been expected .
The stark inability of Africa 's leaders to constructively criticize their peers contributes mightily to this .
Nobody worried about foreign ownership of US ports as long as the owner was a British company ; the new fears reflect the belief that Dubai might be a channel for Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism .
Google 's model is a neat example of what might be termed `` post-modern economics . ''
The logic sounds like the American case of 1931 . Some of the arguments that are reverberating around Beijing are very reasonable : there is a great deal of uncertainty , and the SWFs might lose a lot of money .
Some lines of thought are more emotional : might not 2008 be a payback for the American bungling of the 1997-1998 East Asia crisis ?
Only leadership by a determined great power , prepared to sacrifice its particular national interests in order to break the resulting impasse , might conceivably have saved the meeting .
Indeed , the second lesson of the London Conference of 1933 consists in governments ' unwillingness in times of great economic difficulty to make sacrifices that might entail a short-term cost .
A post-modern neglect or disdain for reality generated the sense that the whole world was constantly shifting and malleable , and might be as transient and meaningless as stock quotations .
Europeans thought that their close geographic proximity and shared cultural inheritance might enable them to produce answers where global debates had become stalled .
When things did not work out globally , a regional solution might be possible .
When Federal Reserve Chairman Arthur Burns objected on the grounds that other countries might retaliate , Connolly replied , `` Let 'em .
China 's government today might find some useful lessons in the apparently remote dramas of the 1970 's .
The most immediate and most obvious is that it is difficult to hold out long against the US , especially when the American government is under pressure from major domestic interest groups whose strong lobbying power might be used to lead a push for new trade protectionism .
But the world -- and the US in particular -- might also learn some lessons .
The yen and the Deutschemark emerged as new potential reserve currencies , although the Japanese and German governments and central banks were profoundly worried about this new role for their currencies and the volatility that it might entail .
FLORENCE -- The stress tests applied to American banks last year are widely credited with restoring financial stability in the United States and removing the fear that major financial institutions might fail .
The debate about China 's artificially pegged exchange rate has led Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan and French President Nicolas Sarkozy to begin to believe that they , too , might try shaping exchange rates . Indeed , Sarkozy has promised to make the search for a `` better '' exchange-rate system a key part of France 's agenda when it chairs the G-20 next year .
If Europe could show -- in the worst possible scenario of sovereign default -- how such a process might operate , uncertainty would be reduced and markets would be reassured .
Deception might be a source of comfort .
We might find ourselves warm and contented in a cocoon of untruth .
The lending of the international institutions might also be used for buying back discounted debt .
The IMF after DSK PRINCETON -- How the mighty International Monetary Fund has fallen .
They may have even calculated that his private life might cause a stir in a country that is both more prudish and prurient than France .
If they let the exchange rate rise , they might deter some capital inflows , but they would also penalize their exporters and push up domestic unemployment .
One consequence is that international markets are not as dynamic as they might be , and prosperity not as widespread .
One of the possibilities raised in the discussions on monetary union in the early 1990 's was that a common currency might not mean a single currency .
But the same scenario might well be repeated with the euro in a few years .
Large fiscal deficits and slow growth might convince foreign exchange markets that there is little future in the euro , fueling a wave of selling -- and hence losses for central bank holders .
When it feared that it might be overtaken by the next rising economic power , the vast Russian empire , assertiveness turned into aggression .
Heart disease might not seem like a pressing issue for poor nations , but it represents more than a quarter of their death toll .
A leftover Soviet distrust of outsiders colors many opinions , and there 's an oft-repeated claim that the culture is different : an intervention that works in the West might fail in the East .
The risk was that the seed might grow moldy during the long , humid ocean transport to Iraq if it was not dressed with some fungicide .
Moreover , recent economic research finds that higher taxes are justified on welfare grounds , because the costs to smokers are huge -LRB- even though the external costs to others might be small -RRB- , and that higher cigarette taxes do not hurt the poor -LRB- since the self-control value of higher taxes helps the poor more -RRB- .
More ominously , it looked for a while like the Norwegian Nobel committee itself might bow to Beijing , too .
And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Havel for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Forgetting that history might doom China to repeat the mistakes of the past ; but , for better or worse , it might also ease constraints and set its leaders free .
We might also be looking at a potential ratings downgrade for US government debt -- implying the prospect of even higher interest rates .
Ordinarily , you might expect House Republicans to blink at this stage of the negotiations , but there is a hardline minority that actually appears to think that defaulting on government debt would not be a bad thing .
Issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary , but the Fed might conclude otherwise , because the US has never been in this situation before , credit is now imploding , and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared .
Since early 2009 , the Fund has had significantly greater resources to lend to countries in trouble , to cushion the blow of crisis , and to offer a form of international circuit-breaker when it looks like the lights might otherwise go out .
The IMF might reasonably take the position that ECB policies have been overly contractionary -- resulting in a strong euro and very low inflation -- and are no longer appropriate for member countries in the midst of a financial collapse .
Ultimately , by teaching creditors a necessary lesson , a default within the euro zone might actually turn out to be a key step toward creating a healthier European -- and global -- financial system .
As Senator Mark Warner graciously acknowledged , `` The Senator from Delaware sounded an early warning signal that the massive amounts of investments that had been made by certain firms to try to get what appears to be a fractional millisecond advantage in the trading process might come back and haunt us all ... I 've been proud to follow his lead . ''
It might have gained more support just a few days later -- after senators witnessed the bailout of the giant eurozone banks .
The hard work of building facilities for enriching uranium is precisely what the Iranians are now already doing , if not yet in sufficient quantity to make a bomb , which might take them five or ten more years to acquire .
Iran could easily do what Japan does -- hold enrichment facilities in readiness to make a bomb without actually doing so . Or , like India in 1974 , it might wait a long time , then dash to the finish line and conduct an atomic test .
In these cases , women are often the victims . They might be excluded from participation in informal networks , or have limited influence in appropriating the accrued benefits of collective action .
For example , trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good , and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources .
Given the complexity of institutional reform , striving for what appears to be optimal might not always be the best approach .
So we should n't be too quick to dismiss the suggestion that science might help -- in the first instance , by helping us design more effective institutions , more inspiring moral education , or more persuasive ethical arguments .
But science might also offer more direct ways of influencing our brains .
Japan , Australia , Germany , or Canada might be just such powers .
But that 's because Bush did n't begin to address the issue that is looming ever larger in the region : the changing face of security in Asia in view of China 's growing economic and military might .
The possibility that Southeast Asia 's governments might begin to play America and China off against each other is one of the concerns that most animates the latest US quadrennial defense review , which is intended to `` focus on the Pacific Ocean '' in awareness of China 's growing naval power .
We appeared stronger in the diplomatic arena than our economic and military power might warrant . Not anymore .
Non-Russian Europe should thank the Almighty for the presence of energy-rich Russia at its borders , while Russia should be thankful for having such wealthy customers .
Moreover , reducing nuclear weapons to a minimum might theoretically enhance the usefulness of missile-defense systems and their destabilizing role .
And even non-strategic missile-defense systems , the deployment of which might be useful , will be questioned .
Simultaneously , they should offer guarantees to non-nuclear states that might feel insecure .
China , the world 's rising strategic player , might join this policy , though it currently ranks third in terms of military power .
We might then eventually recognize that eliminating nuclear weapons is not just a myth , but a harmful myth , and that nuclear weapons are a useful asset that has saved , and may continue to save , humanity from itself .
Limited arms reductions might be useful for improving relations .
Talk about creating regional , cooperative ABM systems might be helpful in preventing the development of long-range missiles by Europe 's neighbors .
It might also help Russia and the US overcome their old habit of viewing each other as enemies .
The world might not support the US in its unilateral attempts to become the world 's policeman , especially because they may well bring more instability .
Such proposals might spur further reform of the UN itself .
If a gnawing sense of ignorance kept us diving deeper in our quest to understand everything we encountered , we might suffocate in the details in one area and miss other areas completely .
My fear is that he is either choosing to bleed the opposition to death , rather than invite global action with a broad massacre , or waiting for the world to prove itself unwilling to act -- at which point he might well begin killing civilians in large numbers .
Instead of hearing about a crackdown in Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital , we might be reading about hundreds killed on the streets of Almaty , and columnists would be making comparisons to the bloody crushing of Ukrainian independence demonstrations in Lvov the previous year .
Standing in the wings is one possible candidate who might take up where Khatami left off and address the economic and cultural concerns of young Iranians . Though he has not announced his candidacy , Mohammad Baquer Qalibaf , now Mayor of Tehran and formerly the country 's chief of police , has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done .
This might partly explain why Khamenei has been mistrustful of negotiations with the West .
This might force him to pick a new face for the next presidential election , someone with little domestic-policy experience and little influence on ordinary people 's lives .
Now , however , he seems to be more the cause of it than the cure , for a new generation of leaders might be better placed to help Georgia move beyond its chronic instability .
But after the disasters of the last two decades , including the military debacle in Afghanistan and the ruinous barbarity of the Chechen war which has blown back its violence into Russia 's cities , ordinary Russians are less enamored of military might .
By its nature communism -- whose bureaucracy still exists in almost unadulterated form in the countries of the former Soviet Union -- spawned lobbies and clans with a combined might that even the closest-knit family can scarcely expect to overcome .
Many bemoan this state of affairs , but his ascendancy might be less malign than it seems .
A pessimist surveying last December 's Duma election , with its futile party politics , bitterness , and invective , might compare Russia to Weimar Germany .
There is a person who might compel Yanukovich to retreat to democratic norms and thus hold off such protests &#45; &#45; Russia 's President Vladimir Putin .
But democracy required an election , and many now argue that the current mayor , Michael Bloomberg , has performed even better than Giuliani might have done in reviving the city .
Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private-sector , like Gerhard Schröder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
His father 's plan for `` Germania , '' the name Hitler selected for the Berlin that he planned to construct after World War II , also relied on such a mighty central axis .
The tragedy of Solzhenitsyn is that , although he played a mighty role in liberating Russia from totalitarianism , he had nothing to say to ordinary Russians after their liberation , except to chastise them .
The fall began with an event that Putin perceived as a mighty triumph -- his blitzkrieg in August against Georgia .
When General Yevgeni Malashenko declined in fear that he might be arrested , the 94-year-old Király flew to Moscow , where he spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired Red Army generals .
Today , Russia flexes its might through its energy companies .
Vladimir Putin 's Potemkin Nation MOSCOW -- `` Image is everything '' might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy .
The Russian economy is a shambles , and Russia 's mighty military had to exert itself to its fullest to vanquish tiny Georgia in 2008 .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
Now there is talk , in both Warsaw and Moscow , that the second tragedy of Katyn might usher in a new era in bilateral relations .
This gloomy view might be explained by the interest Chubais has in stopping the West from challenging Russia 's rulers for violating human rights and curtailing freedom .
But , to sustain the charade of a strong and prosperous Russia , standing against the predations and hypocrisy of the West , the regime can not be as authoritarian as Putin himself might wish .
Still , looking beyond the 2012 elections might be worthwhile , because the economic , political , and social contexts have changed since 2004 , when Putin re-elected himself , and since 2008 , when he pretended to be a democrat by promoting Medvedev .
So manipulation of presidential powers might not prove as simple as before .
It was a window onto what the future might bring .
Continued stalemate increases the risk that some like-minded countries might take up the matter elsewhere .
The MDGs might once have seemed to be merely a set of hopes and aspirations . Now we know that they are actually a practical roadmap out of poverty .
Today , many people might think that all of this is water under the bridge . But the fate of the Annan plan remains very much a part of Turkish thinking on the Cyprus issue .
Failure might also have security implications in the Balkans , the Black Sea , and the Eastern Mediterranean -- all areas where the US and the EU have vital interests .
I am convinced that this is a misguided strategy -- not only because of the uncertainty about the dangers that global warming might pose , but also because of the certainty of the damage that these proposed policies aimed at mitigation will impose .
However , Biya 's advanced age raises serious questions about the potential fallout from a political transition and what such a transition might mean for existing contracts .
In retaliation for Japan 's refusal to release the trawler captain , China hinted that it might recall its ambassador from Tokyo , suspended bilateral ministerial-level exchanges , and canceled a tour to Japan for about 10,000 Chinese .
Other countries might worry about the health risk to workers in rare-earth processing , but that does not appear to be true of China .
Its recent shelling of South Korea suggests that the failing Kim dynasty might set East Asia alight rather than undertake any serious reform .
That might seem crazy , especially given the likelihood of another round of economically crippling sanctions following the bombardment .
These principles matter , because Australia , Japan , South Korea , Thailand , the Philippines , India , Indonesia , Singapore , Malaysia , New Zealand , Vietnam , and even Mongolia all regard America 's military presence in the region as essential to counterbalancing China 's increasing might .
Gates , however , is due to step down from his post shortly , which is unfortunate , because the Obama administration 's apparent lack of any explicit Asia strategy means that Gates 's reassurances might not reassure for very long .
If such a consensus can be forged , however , it will provide a foundation for further collaboration in building a pan-Asian order based on consent , not military might .
TOKYO -- Despite the relentless shift of global economic might to Asia , and China 's rise as a great power -- the central historical events of our time , which will drive world affairs for the foreseeable future -- America 's focus has been elsewhere .
China 's willingness to demonstrate its new might is not confined to land ; on the contrary , China 's maritime ambitions have no end in sight .
Sensing a widening gulf between Japan and the US , the Chinese Navy is demonstrating its growing might in the seas around Japan -- and asserting its aspiration to replace the US as the Pacific 's dominant naval power .
The worry is that such a council could legislate in ways `` friendly '' to neighboring states , which might compromise Japan 's national security dramatically .
The rest of Asia might be content to sit back and watch the spectacle of Japan 's myopic politics if Japan 's inability to work to help stabilize the region did not matter so much .
A general fear has arisen in Asia that China is seeking to use its growing maritime might to dominate not only development of the hydrocarbon-rich waters of the South China Sea , but also its shipping lanes , which are some of the world 's most heavily trafficked .
There is , indeed , a growing belief that Kim Jong-il might , at any moment , designate Kim Kyong-hui to serve as a caretaker for the third-generation successor after his death .
The threat from North Korea has always been that it might start another war , whether by miscalculation or design .
`` Without the prospect of eventual political union on the basis of some constitutional treaty , '' writes Munchau , `` a single currency was always difficult to justify and it might turn out more difficult to sustain ... Without the politics , the euro is not nearly as attractive . ''
Europe , in fact , might be on the verge of a major political re-alignment if the French vote No and Tony Blair wins big in the forthcoming UK election .
With Chirac down and Blair up , an Anglo Saxon-German alliance might well replace the present Franco-German one .
The prospect of a re-energized Franco-German axis is why the Dutch -- who are traditionally pro-European but do not want a Europe that marginalizes small countries -- might vote No in their referendum -LRB- which follows shortly upon France 's -RRB- if the French vote Yes .
Because the expected gridlock in parliament would make reforms less likely , companies might hold off on investment , while consumers would be more likely to keep their wallets closed , because official policy would be even less clear than it is now .
As a result , Merkel 's reforms have increased the angst of euro-zone central bankers that the `` window of opportunity '' for future rate hikes might be closing .
But even he might find it daunting to reconcile the conflicting demands of the ECB to accelerate the interest-rate normalization process and those of the French political establishment to maintain the status quo .
The currencies of the reform laggards would have depreciated against that of Germany , and there might have been a supportive cut in interest rates as well .
Europeans might be forgiven for thinking that the Americans , who pumped up oil prices in the first place with their military misadventure in Iraq , should be the ones who `` pump it down '' with an energy tax .
Still , with the amount of real resources transferred to their governments already high , Europeans might balk at a further increase .
This strategy -- which worked well for decades -- always carried the risk that at some point America 's resources might be tied up elsewhere , leaving Europe under-protected .
In a recent speech to the French defense industry , Sarkozy conspicuously failed to repeat the pledge , instead warning that he soon might cut France 's defense budget .
Only if the budget surplus diminishes would there be an inflationary impact , and that would not be due to a wage-price spiral , but to an increase in net government demand , which actually might not be a bad thing for an economy facing a potentially severe economic slowdown .
Sarkozy might even tone down his attacks on the ECB , whose single-minded , inflation-fighting policies have made it one of his favorite targets .
With Sarkozy off his back , ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet might feel freer to cut interest rates to counter the impending economic slowdown in Europe .
But should a credible foreign offer for Société Générale appear in the coming weeks - -- and it well might -- another disruptive conflict between the Bank of France and the government may be in the offing .
The ruling right-leaning coalition -LRB- with `` Solidarity '' roots -RRB- is such a failure and the centrist Union of Freedom is so well known and ineffective , that people support the postcommunists simply because they have been in opposition for four years and might -LRB- just might -RRB- behave differently .
John Paul II might have been naive , too , but only up to a point .
What might clinch a final , mutually acceptable settlement would be an offer by Serbia to hand over a part of its territory in the Albanian-majority Pre¨evo valley , on Kosovo 's eastern flank .
But now , with the North 's destruction of key elements of its nuclear program , international negotiations appear to be bearing fruit , and Lee 's tougher stance has gained less approval than might have been anticipated when he came to office .
This formulation seems to suggest an understanding of the often-lengthy process of dealing with its regime , but it remains unclear how far Obama might be willing to go to secure America 's interests .
While it is difficult to predict how far he might move in this direction , it would be politically difficult for Obama to meet the North Korean leader in such a manner , something that he is likely to learn early in his presidency .
Hopes that a popular uprising might topple the regime have fizzled .
The closer Iran gets to developing a nuclear weapon , the greater the likelihood that Israel , with or without US help , might attack Iran 's nuclear facilities .
Should Iran possess the ultimate weapon , it might embrace a new restraint in its foreign policy ; nuclear-weapons states , precisely because they confront the prospect of nuclear retaliation , have historically tread with caution .
An American security umbrella over the Persian Gulf and Israel might calm nerves , but it would do little to counter increased Iranian support of Islamic radicals .
In response to an attack , Iran might well seek to obstruct shipping in the Persian Gulf , potentially triggering oil shortages and soaring prices .
But internal jockeying for power also means that a coalitional alignment favoring a negotiated settlement just might fall into place .
As harsh Israeli actions fail to deter Palestinians , Israel seems to raise the stakes , hoping that even harsher , more inhuman acts might bring the Palestinians to heel .
According to this view , Netanyahu 's right-wing coalition might be persuaded to accept the continuation of the partial settlement freeze , but only if the Israeli public sees President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu publicly engaged in negotiations .
Doing so might be the best way to achieve peace -- a paradox that reflects the huge gap between a peace process and achieving genuine peace .
But if the UN move does not bear fruit within a reasonable timeframe , the public might turn against its political leaders -- as well as against the Israeli occupiers .
It might also try , within the General Assembly , to invoke the rarely used Uniting for Peace resolution -LRB- the last time was against South Africa 's apartheid regime -RRB- .
While I believe that the occupation , rather than the reaction to it , is the main cause of our conflict , the unilateral tahdia -LRB- `` declared calm '' -RRB- decision by Palestinian militant groups has reduced anti-Israeli attacks mightily , which shows that Palestinians also realize the limits of their military actions .
Sharon and you might have felt that unilateral action was needed in Gaza , but the withdrawal from Gaza could have produced many more benefits for both sides had it been done bilaterally .
So , while Hezbollah has not decisively won its current war with Israel , by maintaining its ability to fight in the face of the might of the Israeli army , it has captured the imagination of Arabs , restoring lost pride in the same way as the Egyptian Army 's crossing of the Suez Canal in the war of 1973 did .
Moreover , the madness of war has been clearly demonstrated to all , and , once the current fighting is over , both sides are now more likely to be cautious about actions that might push their peoples and countries into war once more .
If Anwar were to marry his leadership and charisma to the opposition 's newfound heft in the federal legislature -- 82 MPs , compared with 20 in the last parliament -- serious policy alternatives to the government 's might be expected .
Arguably , the best legacy Anwar might eventually leave Malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the UMNO and the National Front , but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into Malaysian politics -- a project he has shown himself keen to promote .
It might be fashionable to talk about just a couple of the globe 's challenges , but we could achieve a lot more if we focused first on where our spending would be most rational .
Had history taken a different turn , we might have been among the first members of both structures .
But Ehrlich bets what he thinks will be the economic gains that we and our descendants might enjoy against the unborn 's very lives .
That group met for four years before it occurred to members that such one-sidedness might result in bias .
Moreover , Uruguay 's political structures will invariably have a moderating effect on any government that might be elected .
This might also be its greatest limitation as a political project .
For months , local Jews have testified to an increasingly hostile atmosphere , with many saying they are frightened to go out on the streets wearing anything that might identify them as Jews .
How green America will actually become remains to be seen , of course , but , as an ecological avant-garde , the US might even regain its lost influence in the world .
Moreover , America might also once again retreat bitterly into isolationism , blaming her failure on the UN and on disloyal European allies .
Such discussions might help negotiators settle ongoing disputes over the `` Codex Alimentarius '' -LRB- global food standards set by the World Health Organization and the UN Food and Agriculture Organization -RRB- , the EU regulation on labeling and tracing genetically modified organisms , and the application of World Trade Organization rules .
But France 's referendum result fueled other European governments ' fears that any new proposal they might put forward to re-launch the EU constitution would fail in the face of domestic and Europe-wide opposition .
They removed his brain tumors with surgery instead of radiation , which might have caused balance problems .
Coca-Cola supplies the cabins to traders who sell its products , just as it might provide promotional umbrellas to outdoor cafés in Paris .
It would also offer potential funding to countries that might deploy forces but face short-term financial difficulties in meeting the cost .
In private conversation , one might even take him for a liberal -- one of a new breed of young and well-educated propaganda officials with an increasingly higher threshold of political sensitivity .
More importantly , it does not require the arms-exporting member state to consult with any other member state that might have concerns .
Clearer rules for the consultation mechanism need to be elaborated , and arms-exporting EU member states should consult all other member governments that might have concerns , not only those that have previously issued or denied an export license .
Finally , the government might help pioneering firms in the new industries by offering tax incentives for a limited period , co-financing investments , or providing access to land or foreign exchange .
But China 's authorities might respond more favorably to an argument that points out how China 's own economic health might benefit from abandoning the current exchange-rate policy , which pegs the yuan to the dollar .
In that case , the FARC might use peace talks -- as it has several times in the past -- to bid for time , re-arm and regroup .
Worryingly , this might also happen if the FARC splits , with one part deciding to negotiate while hard-line military commanders fight on .
A dramatic curtailment of state resources may eventually push the government toward modernization , but it might also produce an uglier shift -- toward harder political crackdown , economic nationalism and an essentially isolationist course .
Successful containment of SARS might mark the first time in history that person-to-person , respiratory transmission of a major pathogen has been halted globally without the use of antibiotics or a vaccine .
More positively , restoring truth would counter the traditional Chinese instinct to blame all disasters on external forces , and might lead to a spiritual epiphany for a people struggling to find value in the emerging new China .
Indeed , according to Raúl , the state-controlled food-rationing system is a `` factor of immobility , '' but no one knows what might replace it .
Fifty years ago , the rest of the world might have carried on with remedying the problem of conventional and greenhouse gas emissions and let China and the US stew in their own waste .
If we do n't have a good way to fix a problem , it might be better to focus on something else first .
Global alarm bells might cause pangs of guilt for wealthy Westerners , but they do n't give us an adequate understanding of what 's going on .
While the economic benefits we get from biodiversity might seem intangible , they are real and quantifiable .
More recently we worried that the planet might freeze , and then that technology would grind to a halt because of a computer bug that was supposed to be unleashed at the turn of the millennium .
It is hard to keep up the climate panic as reality diverges from the alarmist predictions more than ever before : the global temperature has not risen over the past ten years , it has declined precipitously in the last year and a half , and studies show that it might not rise again before the middle of the next decade .
Yet , if new facts constantly show us that the consequences of climate change are getting worse and worse , high-minded arguments about the scientific method might not carry much weight .
Pleas for action on climate change reflect fears that global warming might undermine agricultural production , especially in the developing world .
As Obama 's Kenyan sister might attest , this could be an expensive indulgence .
Germany has subsidized solar panels , as some hope Obama might .
Bickel and Lane offer compelling evidence that a tiny investment in climate engineering might be able to reduce as much of global warming 's effects as trillions of dollars spent on carbon emission reductions .
Remarkably , the research suggests that a total of about $ 9 billion spent implementing marine cloud-whitening technology might be able to offset this entire century 's global warming .
And , unlike Al Gore , who has traveled the world warning that our cities might soon be under the oceans , it refrains from scaremongering .
Under an efficiency regime , they might as well bear a target on their foreheads .
The EU 's greater economic power still attracts other countries , but this power might lose its luster if the EU continues to disappoint them by failing to meet their expectations .
They might be caught in encampments , however , even if frequently moved .
An uprising that would give the allies the city without a fight , however , is too much to expect so long as they fear that Saddam might survive to punish them .
But neighborhood manhunts for torturers and informers might create a hostile climate that discourages Saddam loyalists .
But the possibility of attack was of course anticipated , and military planners determined that the only possible response was to counterattack as heavily and for as long as might be needed , until Palestinian attacks would stop , whether from exhaustion or agreement .
Indeed , it is becoming increasingly clear that China opened its economy only to maintain the country 's over-mighty rulers in power , not to respect and enhance the lives of ordinary Chinese .
Weak states , of course , tend to be cynical about China 's growing might .
But those who think that China 's mutant political authoritarianism and mighty economy can long prevail are guilty as well .
Most Chinese might not have known about the walkout if it had n't been for Chinese bloggers .
The US might also learn from other examples .
Iranian students should be encouraged to visit and study in Asian universities , where they would discover how confident young Chinese and Indian students are about the future ? which might well cause them to reflect on why young Iranians do not share that optimism .
The West industrialized rapidly without worrying about climate change , contributing mightily to the stock of greenhouse gases that has led the world ever closer to the tipping point at which global warming can no longer be halted .
So what might this mean in practice ?
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
At a cabinet meeting after the vote , he openly suggested that his officials might have been just a little too `` proactive '' in achieving such overwhelming results .
President Putin might easily replace him with someone deemed more reliable or better suited to challenge Maskhadov , should he run .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
A Kafkaesque pause , some might say .
Romanian TV answered promptly that it understood that victims of anti-Semitic crimes might feel hurt by such a program , but that the program had not promoted this kind of propaganda , offering the bizarre interview with me the previous week as proof of the channel 's good faith .
Monuments to shame would not resolve the insoluble problems of humanity 's fate on Earth , but they might slow the advance of its dark side -- in Eastern Europe , the Arab world , and everywhere else .
Just imagine what might have happened with the works of , say , Proust , Kafka , Musil , Faulkner , or Borges had they been subjected to mass-market competition like shoes or cosmetics .
The point is that eventually , despite strong regional loyalties and various cultural and religious differences , the majority can identify as being simply `` Pakistani '' -- even though they may harbor radical differences about what this might mean .
However discomfiting a possibility , the real culprit might be Indian culture and tradition itself .
This process might also explain why , although many reward systems have proven successful at the beginning , their benefits quickly fade .
Yet , even without the gold standard , America 's economic might , together with the recycling of petrodollars , kept the dollar on top .
Someday , Shanghai and Hong Kong might be ready , but that possibility is of little help now .
All cultures impose on their members ideas about who they are , how they came to be , and where they fit in socially . For example , pre-modern Europe believed that a woman who had sex before marriage might carry the imprint of her lover within her , so that her child born in wedlock would resemble the earlier lover , rather than the husband . This served to justify the premium placed on female chastity .
This is highly inefficient , because while it is individually rational for depositors to want their money immediately , the bank might have been able to service all of them had they been collectively patient .
After all , there are no instruments to enforce strict rules at the global level , and the unwinding of today 's global imbalances -- led by some revaluation of the renminbi and China 's shift to a growth model based on stronger domestic demand -- might be only a matter of time .
To the extent that German products compete on quality rather than price , the surplus might persist even if domestic prices in Germany rise .
In this respect , the recent Basel III preliminary agreement and the establishment of new European financial supervisory structures might be more important for correcting and preventing external imbalances than recent plans by the EU to extend economic surveillance of member countries -- and even to impose sanctions to enforce non-fiscal macroeconomic targets .
Novelties get the most attention , like the possibility that outside investors might control large areas of farmland .
An Ozawa government might be stable only if he could form a grand coalition . Yet , given strong public sentiment against Ozawa , that is impossible .
As the number of products using nanotechnology continues to grow , we need new scientific information on the risks that they might present .
Such a scenario will be possible only with the involvement of the UN Security Council , which might consider running a scheme based on the Iraqi oil-for-food program .
Speculation on Africa 's basic products and raw materials , which has driven down prices for most commodities over the last four decades , might be addressed by creating a mechanism that ties , for an agreed time , the prices of these items to those of industrial goods and services .
One might expect that national and international non-governmental organizations would fill the gap .
As scandalous as it might be , these sums are mere peanuts compared to the $ 4.5 billions in oil revenues supposedly siphoned away from African government coffers over the last decade .
Reducing sub-Saharan Africa 's dependence on the IMF and the World Bank might bring that day closer .
Thus , China threatens to veto any resolution of the United Nations Security Council that might impose sanctions against the Arab ruling class in the Sudanese government , whose troops and government-allied militias are perpetrating genocide against Sudan 's black citizens , using Chinese-made helicopter gunships based at airstrips maintained by Chinese oil companies .
But a sector-by-sector approach could mitigate these handicaps , and , given the pressing need to address demand for energy and climate change , it might be strategically advisable to start with the energy sector .
The world could not have prevented Yugoslavia 's spiral into civil war , but it might have made it less cruel by helping to negotiate terms of separation earlier .
Inside Thailand 's Hidden War LEEDS -- Thailand 's former prime minister , Chavalit Yongchaiyudh , recently ignited a furor when he proposed that the separatist campaign in his country 's Muslim-majority southern provinces might be solved politically , with a form of self-rule .
First , the militant movement itself has no name , operating in a highly decentralized manner through small local cells that operate relatively independently -- what might be described as self-managed violence franchises .
To be sure , the probability of default might be lower on a trading book because of the shorter time that the assets are held .
Such policies might well prevent disease , thereby saving money , reducing human suffering , and promoting healthier and more meaningful lives .
In a liberalized capital market , the undiminished risk that the yuan might appreciate means that investors must be compensated by a higher interest rate on dollar assets .
To be sure , user reports are not `` scientific '' and most , individually , might seem naïve , confused , exaggerated , mistaken , and\/or just plain self-absorbed .
And a whopping 87 % said that they would be deterred by the threat that the police might publish their photographs or names in the local newspaper .
Evergreen is only one of many cases suggesting that the US might find itself in the midst of what Princeton-economist Alan Blinder in 2005 dubbed the Third Industrial Revolution .
Both europhiles and eurocrats shudder at the prospect that rejection in several member states , particularly in a large one , might kill the project , leaving the Union to muddle through with the Nice Treaty .
Indeed , it might appear disproportionate to give higher priority to encouraging overtime than to stimulating employment .
And there are also those who fear that a political heavyweight in the job might eclipse the EU Commission 's President , former Portuguese prime minister José Manuel Barroso , who has just been confirmed for a second five-year term , and devalue the role of the foreign policy chief whose authority Lisbon is due to beef up .
In fact , there are five jobs up for grabs , so a complex but secretive discussion is being conducted between Europe 's chancelleries over who might do what without disturbing the delicate balances between political families or between large and small states .
But he 's also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EU 's figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
His early promise to be the EU executive body 's new broom has turned into a steady-as-she-goes captaincy , and there 's the added question of whether his re-appointment might turn the job into a standard 10-year post for his successors , regardless of their abilities .
For his part , Barroso is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block his reappointment .
And , like past insurgencies , the Iraq conflict is one in which the insurgents use horrific acts to intimidate the public , expose the shortcomings of the government , and goad the regime into overreactions that might turn the public against it .
If not , the US might be preparing for the last war rather than the next one .
Extremists might still exist , but they would be marginalized , finding few recruits or supporters .
By taking an essentially passive position , this approach might merely prolong the Age of Terrorism needlessly .
To appease the extremists might be easy but may not work .
To promote democracy and open government might be the ultimate solution , but it stands on a shaky conceptual foundation of untested assumptions about the nature of the world and diverse cultures .
So the stakes in Burma are high for China , as are Chinese fears of about how any future `` national reconciliation '' government might react to China 's record of complicity with the corrupt military rulers .
Because China has been competing with India for access to Burma 's natural resources , India also needs to be actively included in efforts to pressure the Burmese regime , a process that the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- might effectively coordinate .
China has emerged as a world power far more quickly than most observers -- and China 's own leaders -- might have predicted as little as a decade ago .
If , on the other hand , as is its right , Chinese leaders have an alternative vision of what an improved international system might look like , the onus is on them to articulate that vision and outline what they are willing to do to realize it .
It never occurred to the ruling communists -LRB- or to Solidarity -RRB- that they might lose .
Change might have come by evolution , not revolution . Might Krenz and the Communist reformers who had seized power just weeks earlier have been able to channel popular unrest , or even defuse it ?
The dominoes of Eastern Europe might have toppled differently .
A few might not have toppled at all .
If government officials in London had demanded absolute certainty , the epidemic might have continued for another 30 years until the cholera bacterium was identified .
We all felt that we were creating something new , something that might , one day , turn out to be an important component of democracy in our countries .
When I recall these events after 40 years , I see not only revolt , but also the great illusion that it might be possible to outfox the Kremlin and painlessly move society from communism to democracy .
In the past , a poor African might have looked at his compatriots and resented their wealth ; now , both he and his better-off compatriots look at the rich world and resent the huge income gaps they see .
The Bosman ruling , named after a Belgian player who successfully challenged the rule 's application to players from other European Union countries , eroded the limit , which collapsed altogether under the onslaught of the richest European clubs ' demand for a free hand in hiring the best players , wherever they might be found .
Working long days might be only a marker for being at higher risk of heart disease .
Moreover , there is tremendous uncertainty about exactly when H5N1 , which now primarily affects birds , might mutate into a form that is transmissible between humans , and how infectious and lethal it might be .
It is noteworthy that China 's chaotic effort to vaccinate 14 billion chickens has been compromised by counterfeit vaccines and the absence of protective gear for vaccination teams , which might actually spread disease by carrying fecal material on their shoes from one farm to another .
Although ring prophylaxis might work in Minneapolis , Toronto , or Zurich , in the parts of the world where flu pandemics begin , the probability of success approaches zero .
At a red light in New York , a squeegee kid or two might approach your car ; in Accra , a stopped car is immediately surrounded by a virtual supermarket .
To deal with new emerging political threats , such as the information revolution , the Chinese government has spent mightily on manpower and technology .
And , unlike past protests , which have usually been allied with students or members of the intelligentsia , popular disaffection might not have the virtue of rational leaders with whom the government could talk and negotiate .
Our goal is to facilitate the spread of good policy and practice , allowing countries to learn from a variety of approaches and to understand which ones might work in their own context .
By contrast , seen from afar , in their new suits , you might think that Chinese economic elites are Japanese .
If that happens , the Russia-China debate might be revived , this time as a comparison of competitive decadence .
Yet , to understand the difficulty of responding to the problems that Iran 's nuclear ambition and anti-Israel obsession now pose , it might be helpful to analyze the three analogies that are most commonly used .
Hitler came close to developing the nuclear bomb , but never had it , whereas Iran very well might .
In the US , too , the attitude towards the alliance with Europe has changed mightily .
Of course , if the international economic environment had been more favourable , and if there were not so much legitimate concern about declining purchasing power , the French might have shown greater indulgence towards their young president .
This approach might recognize Russia 's droit de regard on the future evolution of the Caucasus .
That might very well happen if America 's next president fails to redress the financial and economic threats facing his country , and thus the rest of the world .
The Sarkozy Option PARIS -- From the Caucasus in August 2008 to the Middle East in January 2009 , is France under President Nicolas Sarkozy attempting to incarnate what might be called `` the West by default , '' making maximum use of the window of opportunity opened by America 's presidential transition ?
In any case , the two sides have wasted so many opportunities in the past decades -- owing in part to leaders characterized by what might best be described as `` competitive mediocrity '' -- that it is difficult to see a miracle in the horizon .
As a result , Japanese and Norwegians might emerge more critical -- and justifiably so -- of their respective official bureaucracies .
In fact , the combination of free access to weapons in a country like the United States and the lack of a `` security culture '' in a country like Norway might serve to encourage deviant murderers .
France may not have the military might of the US or the growth rate of China and India , but its team reached the World Cup championship , raising its standing in the eyes of billions of people -- and perhaps giving a reprieve to its unpopular government .
For decades they have created a zone where war has become unthinkable , where might is not right , where the poorer catch up with the richer .
Conversely , the developed countries ' view of the diseases of the developing world is that only three are important : AIDS , tuberculosis , and malaria . This stems from the power of advocacy constituencies and the recognition that these diseases might threaten the developed world .
Should business administration students and future business managers immerse themselves in the philosophy of science , they would not only become more knowledgeable and have greater respect for science ; they might also become more rigorous and more competent , have greater respect for other disciplines , and be more humble .
At the same time , philosophy professors and students might also profit from the questions that challenge firms and industries .
They might broaden their scope and find that they , too , can contribute to the productivity of firms , industries , and the economy in general .
Today , similar hopes are often vested in the Internet , with high expectations that the wealth of online information might trigger the same kind of censorship failure in contemporary authoritarian states that we saw in Eastern Europe -- and with the same results .
The $ 3 fare for a bus ride between Aleppo and Damascus might look cheap to someone from outside Syria , but , given that a well-trained technician may earn only $ 150 monthly , it is almost prohibitively expensive .
But there is always the risk that the IMF 's recommendations calling for more taxation -- an increase in value-added tax and higher energy tariffs -- together with Hezbollah 's recurring demands , might create a political earthquake .
Testing the Limits of Fossil Fuels MILAN -- Most people recognize that human activity , primarily the use of fossil fuels , is contributing mightily to an increasing level of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
For example , an endowment or pension fund might consider basing its payout decisions more on long-run , potential shock-adjusted average returns than on a simple weighted average of past returns or end-period asset values -LRB- the normal practice now -RRB- .
That might also help mitigate the impact of larger shocks and increase the net return potential during severe shocks -LRB- though it might also lower the return potential for more mild shocks -RRB- .
A revolution in any of these countries might easily bring Islamists to power , but this would have little to do with Tunisia 's secular uprising .
This suggests that Muslim reformers , given the right circumstances , might be similarly capable of bringing about Muslim democracy .
Globally , there might be good reasons to talk about what sociologists describe as the rise of `` post-secular societies , '' but Europe remains the exception .
Theories of `` red Toryism '' might go some way in this direction , but it remains to be seen whether they will ever translate into practice .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
While this might sound like an excerpt from a Monty Python sketch , it raises an important issue : should there be limits as to what prospective citizens are tested for ?
Tests might also make the passage to citizenship meaningful , a ritual similar to the solemn swearing of an oath of allegiance , which can be integrated as a major event into the story of one 's life -LRB- to be sure , some will always dismiss such ceremonies as political kitsch -RRB- .
But how they describe themselves -- and how analysts describe them -- will make an important difference in the direction they might take .
The distinction between indignation and outrage might seem like nitpicking .
But if they are being driven by rage , then a lack of clear goals might merely produce more anger and frustration , which in turn could eventually lead to physical violence and some kind of political nihilism .
Inside Germany , there used be endless debates about German identity -- what one historian called `` the continual dispute about what being German might mean . ''
The president of Germany 's Constitutional Court openly speculates that , if more Europe is needed for technocratic reasons , it might be time for the people to vote on a new constitution .
Talk of a new , Europe-friendly constitution indicates that they might even be willing to give up what , along with the Deutschmark , was the old Federal Republic 's most prized possession : the Basic Law , arguably the world 's most successful constitution during the last half-century .
Senior US officials , including Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , have recently suggested that Saddam Hussein and his top henchmen might be given an amnesty for their past crimes in exchange for leaving Iraq and averting war .
Nowadays , Europe is full of whispers that `` neo-Finlandization '' might be a reasonable compromise for countries like Ukraine and Georgia .
They also provide `` balance to food company product portfolios , thereby limiting corporate liability on both legal and stock valuation fronts '' -- a reference to potential claims against companies that their products might cause obesity or poor health .
But many of these products are basically sugar water or sugary foods that might as well be cookies , with ingredients added or removed to appeal to LOHAS customers who would otherwise not buy them .
Starting in the 1960s , evidence suggested that new neurons might be added beyond this early period and even in adulthood .
The trick will be to induce the brain to produce and deliver to the correct destination any kind of neuron that might be needed , so that regardless of cell class , new cells of the required kind can replace others of the same type that have died .
Gone are the utopian dreams of the 1970 's , when there were visions of life-long learning and paid leaves of absence to pursue topics that might be useful for further professional advancement -- or might also include the sheer luxury of studying ancient Greek or Assyrian art .
I imagined how I might be on my way to a very different rural community if the road we were on was paved and well maintained .
Where , one might wonder , does this leave Europe ?
In the same spirit , Europeans resolutely refuse to accept that the US might legitimately have different geopolitical interests -- so that when US policies diverge from their own , Europeans assume that the Americans simply got it wrong , and that they clearly need Europe 's wise advice to set them straight .
Such a mindset naturally puts a huge premium on close and harmonious transatlantic relations , to the point that , for Europeans , closeness and harmony become the objective itself , without reference to what ends they might serve .
It comes from the thought that this really might beenough to be able to afford a small house , a college education , and the children that one already has .
The emerging consensus in India in support of greater rights and freedoms for women , while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment -LRB- especially within the growing middle classes -RRB- has not yet -- and might never -- poison the basic trust and warmth between men and women .
If she had acted more boldly , she might have lost even more support , but the steps that she agreed to remained insufficient to reassure markets .
Countries cooperate out of self-interest , but a country 's soft or attractive power , not only its military might , affects the degree of cooperation .
Its members agreed that there could be `` nightmare scenarios '' that combine the two and might require the preventive use of force .
A state threatened by terrorist attacks originating in another state might feel less patient than a majority of the Council about what is the `` last resort . ''
In the case of the Iraq War , President Bush never established a broad consensus that might have provided legitimacy in the face of a veto .
This new approach might have seemed threatened by Al Qaeda 's attacks on America , which led to a strengthening of US relations with Pakistan 's General Parvez Musharaff .
Moreover , there are genuine fears that rogue elements in a divided Iranian government might leak weapons technology to terrorist groups .
If one adds suppression of air defenses , such a strike might involve roughly 600 targets -- far from surgical .
Moreover , while an air strike might set back Iran 's program by a few years , it would solidify nationalist support for the government and the nuclear program , particularly because one attack would not be enough .
It might not be able to close the Strait of Hormuz , but threats to refineries , storage facilities , and tankers would send oil prices even higher .
By increasing economic and cultural ties , diplomacy might unleash the soft power that could contribute to more gradual regime transformation over the longer term .
Meanwhile , such an approach might avoid the costly use of force and buy time for a more benign outcome than what lies at the end of the current path of events .
Some critics of globalization might welcome such an outcome .
Some in the Bush administration believe that even if economic sanctions would not end the regime , they might cause enough pain to cause Kim to give up its weapons .
If only a small portion of the money and forces invested in Iraq had been devoted to Afghanistan , the current threat of a resurgent Taliban and Al Qaeda might not be so great .
Ironically , there may once have been a point at which a large increase in troops might have made a difference .
It has not swung back to Stalinism ; Czarism might be a better historical metaphor .
Most Russian participants at the Davos dinner seemed to ignore these criticisms , but it was interesting to hear one important official admit that reform might progress faster if oil prices dropped somewhat , and another accept the point that criticism should be welcomed as long as it is offered in a friendly spirit .
That will require combining the soft power of attraction with the hard power of military might to produce a `` smart power '' strategy for providing global public goods .
In fact , the problem of creating an American empire might better be termed imperial underreach .
Moreover , a variable geometry of attendance at meetings might weaken the development of a personal chemistry and the breadth of bargaining that can arise when the same group of leaders meets regularly to discuss a broader range of subjects .
It remains to be see whether China , concerned that its oil trade with Sudan might jeopardize the 2008 Olympics , will decide to exert more pressure .
Here Europe 's economic might and soft power have a lot to contribute .
More open trade , economic growth , education , development of civil society institutions , and gradual increases in political participation might help strengthen the mainstream over time , as could the way Muslims are treated in Europe and the US .
American military might is not adequate to deal with threats such as global pandemics , climate change , terrorism , and international crime .
The list is long , but they might best be thought of as `` housekeeping '' issues : many a couple can quarrel over them without contemplating divorce .
Some call Khan 's network an effort to spread an `` Islamic bomb , '' but given that North Korea was on the list of recipients along with Libya and Iran , it might better be termed a corrupt bomb .
From bin Laden 's point of view , Bush 's policies were more useful for his efforts to recruit supporters than Kerry 's might have been .
Some people worry that Obama might be good for American soft power , but not for its hard power .
In today 's interconnected world , an unidentified cyber attack on non-governmental infrastructure might be severely damaging .
Hard power , which relies on coercion , grows out of military and economic might .
After the recent financial crisis , Goldman Sachs upped the ante and projected that the combined GDP of the BRICs might exceed that of the G-7 countries by 2027 , about 10 years sooner than initially believed .
But , if China were to bring the US to it knees , it might bring itself to its ankles in the process .
With its current levels of immigration , America is one of the few developed countries that may avoid demographic decline and keep its share of world population , but this might change if reactions to terrorist events or public xenophobia closed the borders .
In the highly unlikely prospect that the US were to withdraw from the East Asian region , Japan might join a Chinese bandwagon , but Japan is more likely to maintain its American alliance to preserve its independence from China .
Its leaders have a reputation for selling dangerous items such as missiles , narcotics , and counterfeit currency , and many worry that they might transfer nuclear materials to other countries or to terrorist groups .
Lack of grassroots support might lead to rejection of the constitution in countries like Britain , where referenda have been promised before the new arrangements come into force .
Deng Xiaoping warned his compatriots to eschew external adventures that might jeopardize internal development .
CAMBRIDGE -- The twenty-first century is witnessing Asia 's return to what might be considered its historical proportions of the world 's population and economy .
In other words , bringing the US to it knees might well mean that China would bring itself to its ankles .
Indeed , it might be that a liberal constitutional culture is more important than the mere fact of competitive elections .
This might be called the `` privatization of war . ''
The smaller actor can not compete with the larger in terms of military might , but it can use violence to set the world agenda and construct narratives that affect its targets ' soft power .
In the 1950 's and 1960 's , after Sputnik , many thought that the Soviets might get the better of America ; in the 1980 's , it was the Japanese .
From the outside looking in it seems almost perverse that Irish voters might reject the Lisbon Treaty .
Government ministers and EU representatives repeatedly cite the example of Iceland in pointing out what might have happened to Ireland if it had been outside the EU .
National courts may consider the effects of European integration on their constitutional and democratic institutions , affirming or rejecting the integration that has already taken place , or setting limits to supranational arrangements that might further impinge on national sovereignty .
In Ireland , an embattled austerity-driven coalition government might well have no choice but to hold a referendum on the European Stability Mechanism .
Thus , Ireland might yet play as significant a part as Germany in determining the future of any amendments to the EU constitutional order , with each country 's top court playing as important a role as politicians in shaping Europe 's future .
To use an American saying , it might mean throwing out the baby -LRB- economic growth -RRB- with the bathwater -LRB- exchange rate appreciation -RRB- .
In fact , a tax on foreign-exchange transactions -- the so-called `` Tobin tax , '' advocated by the late Nobel laureate economist James Tobin -- might be the simplest way to go .
For example , alternative systems of SDR allocation , with a greater proportion of SDRs given to countries actually demanding the reserves -LRB- mainly developing countries -RRB- , might contribute to global growth and stability .
In the US or Japan , facing entrenched industry opposition , such a startup might never have gotten off the ground .
With modern highways , port facilities , and communications links available , a cellular phone manufacturer in Shenzhen might receive just-in-time deliveries of parts several times a day from suppliers that are only hours away .
China would clearly benefit from the US removal of Osama bin Laden and his multinational terrorist network from Afghanistan and might seize this as an opportunity to crack down preemptively on Uighur separatists in China 's southwest regions and other Chinese Muslim dissidents .
While the strategic interests of Russia and China across Central Asia need not be affected in a negative way by the US foray into the region , Uzbekistan 's neighbors will certainly feel that their future security and the regional balance of power might well be compromised by the almost inevitable increase in Uzbek military capacity , a predictable byproduct of cooperation with the US .
A financial-market heavyweight , it now outperforms the dollar , the yen , and , until recently , the mighty Chinese yuan , while euro-denominated bond trading rivals the US market in size .
In another 10 years , India may be in the top echelon of economic powers . Or Britain might have joined the euro , making its independent role redundant .
These existing institutions might need to be reinvigorated and fortified , but there is no need for more of them .
The EU is understandably eager to support a pro-European government in Serbia , for this might pave the way for Serbia to swallow the prospect of Kosovo 's independence .
Although Nikolic soon resigned after a new Serbian government was formed , the cabinet 's composition suggests that the EU might be foolish to expect greater cooperation with the ICTY .
The effect that the resumption of talks might have on the system of international law is no less chilling .
A minute of silence for the victims of unarrested war criminals might be a more appropriate way to pay tribute to the Council 's core values of human rights and justice than attending the party now being planned in Belgrade .
He might not respect the outcome of elections , but he can not afford to ignore what the last one revealed about the depths of his regime 's unpopularity .
Once a satisfactory level of price stability is achieved , euro candidates might apply a more flexible variant of inflation targeting that also targets exchange-rate stability .
Similarly , kites get tangled in trees , and if you climb the tree to free it , you might look over your neighbor 's wall and see a woman without her veil , which would put you in sin .
A suitable model for the ESC might be the UN Security Council , which allows concerted or joint action should agreement exist amongst its members .
The real trouble begins when one thinks that the hammer might be the right solution for headaches , too .
When , after the eight catastrophic years of George W. Bush 's presidency , Barack Obama entered the White House , it seemed for a moment as if America might be able to arrest its downward slide .
But they remain neuralgic about any hint of outside interference , including even the suggestion that their nation 's business might also be the business of other peoples , and vice versa .
Given this , one might think the US government would be actively courting Chinese investment , not scaring it away unnecessarily .
As in North Korea , Iran 's neighbors might provide the right mechanism to create a more transparent relationship between Iran and the world .
Turkey , a NATO member , is thus a party to this conflict now , and any military flare-up between Armenians and Azerbaijanis might draw it in -- possibly triggering Russia 's involvement , either through its bilateral commitments to Armenia , or through the Collective Security Treaty Organization , of which Armenia and Russia are members .
An acceptable blueprint might emerge from high-level negotiations in Astana if it were to build on what succeeded in breaking previous negotiating deadlocks : the idea of a referendum in which the war-weary Karabakhis can determine their final status .
But there is nothing surgical about the blood and agony that have engulfed Gaza in the last week . Try as Israel might to target militants alone , civilian bodies are being pulled from the rubble , because , like our metaphorical gunman 's home , militants and civilians inhabit the same urban space in the Gaza Strip .
Thus , Israel might scrabble out of the present political mud through job-sharing at the top .
People had been talking about evolution for decades , but you have come up with a mechanism -- natural selection -- that just might explain much of it .
Here 's the translation to today 's world : your discovery might win you the Nobel Prize , but it also might get you a bullet in the brain from a religious fundamentalist .
In any case , Europe 's spending on education in the region is scattered among inter-regional , national , and thematic programs , which makes it difficult to see how these funds ' effectiveness might be measured .
This might reflect a self-selection process : only the most educated Muslims immigrate to America , as poor social services allow only the best-prepared to survive .
Because immigrants participate in America 's economic and political arenas , Americans are used to different sorts of people and so distinguish those differences that might damage the country from those that will not .
Finally , the need to move ahead with European unification in order to legitimize the inevitable infringement of over-indebted countries ' sovereignty might eventually infringe upon German sovereignty as well .
That risk would be exacerbated by the eruption of a major default-related crisis within the eurozone , which might not be contained and , through a Lehman-like domino sequence , could jeopardize the entire edifice .
At this point , however , `` revolution '' might seem to be an exaggeration .
A little more sharp-eyed honesty about Britain 's real weight in the post-war world might have enabled us British to play a more central role in Europe 's affairs , molding the emerging European Union more closely to our own national interests .
American policy might as well have been made in Likud 's headquarters .
Imagine , for example , how different the world and the opinions of Bush 's presidency might have been if he had chosen Colin Powell or John McCain as his running mate ?
He might argue that he has to be . There are so many issues , from health-care reform to the Middle East , that need his attention .
First , we should dare to believe that what most suits Europe 's interests might also be best for our relationship with our closest ally , the United States .
The main strategic assessment on both sides of the Berlin Wall was that if either side made a wrong move , all of us might end up consumed in the flames of a nuclear holocaust .
In India , by contrast , even when you might think that government should be expected to deliver more , expectations are not high .
Much will depend on the outcome of TV debates between the leaders , which are being held for the first time in a British election campaign , and which have thus far contributed mightily to the Liberal Democrat surge .
Before attacking the allegedly foreign BP , American politicians might also pause for a moment to reflect on the intimate links between politics and the oil industry in the United States .
The war in Afghanistan bleeds more lives and treasure into the inhospitable terrain of that sad land , with little immediate chance of whatever might constitute sufficient success to allow America and its allies to quit .
After withering literary assaults on the Almighty from the Oxford academic Richard Dawkins , the essayist Christopher Hitchens , and others , believers have hit back .
Moreover , a woman on his ticket might attract some of those disappointed by Senator Hillary Clinton 's loss to Senator Barack Obama in the Democratic race .
Even the much-maligned force of capitalism might make us nicer .
Instead , the EU emphasized the technical criteria of membership . West Europeans did not seem concerned that early enlargement eastward might speed the consolidation of the region 's democratic revolutions .
In the short term , this might dampen China 's own growth , but , given China 's mammoth trade surplus with the EU -LRB- $ 230 billion in 2010 -RRB- , this is both long overdue and reasonable .
Some measures -- Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 and from the Gaza Strip in 2005 , or Hamas ' year-long ceasefire -- might be seen as constructive .
For Europeans , the NIE has not removed , but rather confirmed , the concerns that in 2003 prompted the EU-3 -LRB- Britain , France , and Germany -RRB- -- namely , that Iran 's nuclear program could eventually give it a military nuclear capability , and that even before that point , it might trigger regional nuclear proliferation .
But , while this `` burden '' might , in fact , benefit aging European countries , the risk is relatively low in the first place : Arab countries entering such a pact would be better governed than they were under the previous regimes .
Ratings that pretend to take into account `` systemic risk '' might prove as dangerous as ratings that ignore such risk .
I have pondered the expressed uneasiness of Europeans about making money , and speculated that their schooling might drain away some playfulness and creativity .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
A second argument is that `` we do not know enough about the effects and side effects . '' Since some of the groups opposing GM organisms destroy the field trials that could give us more knowledge , a more pertinent argument might be that many opponents do not want us to know more .
As a result of this mindset , key elements in the Russian elite have tried mightily -- and with some success , especially in recent years -- to bring about a deterioration in Russian-US relations .
But one day it might , if the new government does not reverse recent trends .
Rather than choose among all these current meanings , we might begin by returning to the word from which they all evolved , the Middle English `` professen , '' to take vows .
For example , the asteroid that exploded above Siberia in 1908 with the force of a hydrogen bomb might have killed millions of people had it exploded above a major city .
Second , to the extent that effective precautions require governmental action , the fact that government is a centralized system of control makes it difficult for officials to respond to the full spectrum of possible risks against which cost-justified measures might be taken .
Tuto warns that , should Evo win , he might consolidate a Latin American axis-of-evil connecting a leftist Bolivia with Fidel Castro 's Cuba and Hugo Chávez 's Venezuela .
To demonstrate that it is wrong to associate Islam with terrorism , the OIC might begin to compile statistics on the religious affiliations of those who engage in terrorism .
If PETA is not allowed to state its case against our abuse of animals in the way that they judge best , because doing so might offend some people , then criticism of religion could also be prohibited on the same grounds .
If enough business people would conceive their interests in those terms , we might see the emergence of an ethically-based profession of business managers .
Only the prison doctor , it seems , was prepared to say that he did not have more than three months to live , while four specialists refused to say how long he might have .
The answer might depend on the nature of the crime , the length of the sentence , and the proportion of it that remains to be served .
But this attitude thwarts urgently needed insight into who the suicide bombers really are , what motivates them , and thus how they might be stopped . In fact , there are basically two categories of suicide bombers .
Much thicker coatings of aerosols at the lower ends of glaciers might explain the tendency in several glaciers , noted in the Indian report , to become narrower in the middle , forming two distinct parts .
So they should weigh tax breaks that might entice employers to keep migrant workers on the payrolls , as this would probably be a much more efficient way to support these poor countries .
Some hawks might welcome the destabilisation of Saudi Arabia .
Explicit UN support for invasion might ease some of these risks , but it would not remove them .
To some donors , Georgia might not seem to be worth the cost .
Instead , a populist-nationalist revolution might resemble the attempt to overthrow Mikhail Gorbachev in August 1991 , or a Russian version of Ukraine 's Orange Revolution .
It might be some sort of `` democratic nationalist revolution '' -- spontaneous , and not made by any one political party but by a popular mass movement .
The end result might not be optimal , but if the Bush administration overplays its hand , it could find itself partnerless in Pakistan .
Another reason that countries do not like foreign capital inflows is that some of it might be `` hot '' -LRB- or dumb -RRB- money , eager to come in when foreign interest rates are low and local asset prices are rising , and quick to leave at the first sign of trouble or when opportunities back home beckon .
Or it may be an explicit bias : an economist might write a report that is influenced by what a sponsor wants to hear , or give testimony that is purely mercenary .
But if economists were confined to the ivory tower , we might be unbiased , but we would also be ignorant of practicalities -- and thus even less capable of predicting problems .
Politicians who seek scapegoats might argue that they mean no harm to their targets , and that they are helping their societies to avoid worse possibilities .
Cynical as it might seem , easy credit has been used throughout history as a palliative by governments that are unable to address the deeper anxieties of the middle class directly .
One might think that a country that owns foreign oil can use the profits from sales to insulate its economy from high world oil prices .
Even though the world economy is desperately in need of rebalancing , their declaration was deliberately vague enough to accommodate any set of domestic policies that countries might choose .
Political integration , by contrast , might have an opposite effect on the development of markets .
If they do , the age of oil will not end . But the age of worrying about it just might .
Although American commitments to Lebanon , Somalia , Vietnam , and Cambodia differed mightily , history reveals that despite immediate costs to America 's reputation , disengagement ultimately redounded to America 's advantage .
Pursuing a `` Watershed Doctrine '' might provide the right answer .
If his treatment is prolonged , he might try governing with rotating vice-presidents , and , if a prompt cure or prolonged treatment are not possible and elections are postponed , an uncertain transition would be hastened .
Even UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has warned that the unrestrained tide of globalization might not raise all boats , but only the yachts -- while overturning a lot of canoes .
All in all , the calmer situation in Northeast Asia might seem to be a fragile basis for creating long-term peace and prosperity in the region .
Myanmar 's people want the same , but their country is being pushed towards collapse by years of political and economic crisis , and might well become ASEAN 's pariah , like Africa 's Zimbabwe .
Should Musharraf 's government backslide even more on its commitments to restore parliamentary democracy , Pakistan 's crisis would not only be exacerbated , but it might begin to infect the wider region .
But now that community must confront its greatest challenge : the rise of China . As China grows mightier economically and politically , how can long-term stability in the Asia-Pacific be ensured ?
First , it is tempting to avoid facing the painful events in our lives that might be the cause of our difficulties .
Al-Qaeda-style terrorists might willingly detonate a nuclear weapon in a city center , killing tens of thousands .
Less evidently , there are plants in the rain forest whose gene pool might be useful to us .
In practical terms , whereas the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders believe in neutrality and remain skeptical of the motives of outside states that might intervene , Kouchner 's view is that humanitarian action should be understood as part of what the Canadian writer-politician Michael Ignatieff calls a `` revolution of concern . ''
Perhaps fewer lessons have been learned from Iraq than might have been hoped .
If Sarkozy governed effectively , such political and institutional departures might seem like a breath of fresh air in a society whose institutions seem increasingly ill-suited to the challenges of a multi-ethnic and post-industrial society -LRB- even though dirigiste France has conserved its industrial base better than many other rich countries -RRB- .
The French will undergo major shocks in the years to come , but France might be the only European country standing tall 30 years from now .
We might even say that good governance is development itself .
Economists and aid agencies would be more useful if they turned their attention to what one might call `` governance writ small . ''
Suppose , for example , that we identify macroeconomic instability as the binding constraint in a particular economy . In a previous era , an economic adviser might have recommended specific fiscal and monetary policies -- a reduction in fiscal expenditures or a ceiling on credit -- geared at restoring macroeconomic balances .
So he or she might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling , and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy -- setting up fiscal rules , for example , or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals .
It might have worked like a dream -- and until about a year and a half ago , many financiers , economists , and policymakers thought that it did .
If our remedies do not target the true underlying sources of the crisis , our newfound regulatory zeal might end up killing useful sorts of financial innovation , along with the toxic kind .
So the crisis might not have reached the scale that it did without financial institutions of all types leveraging themselves to the hilt in pursuit of higher returns .
In view of what was about to happen , it might have been better for Paulson to hold his nose and do with Lehman what he had already done with Bear Stearns and would have had to do in a few days with AIG : save them with taxpayer money .
Wall Street might have survived , and US taxpayers might have been spared even larger bills .
We might even have allowed these countries a certain measure of schadenfreude in the troubles of the United States and other rich countries , just as we might expect kids to take perverse delight from their parents ' getting into the kinds of trouble they so adamantly warn their children against .
Some of these countries should have known better and might have protected themselves sooner .
Their governments pursued not just good `` fundamentals '' -LRB- e.g. , macroeconomic stability and an outward orientation -RRB- , but also what might be called `` productivist '' policies : undervalued currencies , industrial policies , and financial controls .
The global response to the crisis may not have been stellar , but neither has it been the free-for-all that might have been feared .
One might have thought that a socialist , and a French Socialist at that , would be more inclined toward finance skepticism .
The once-almighty dollar totters at the mercy of China and the oil-rich states .
The best that can be said is that Europe will no longer be able to delay making the choice that the Greek affair has laid bare . If you are an optimist , you might even conclude that Europe will therefore ultimately emerge stronger .
Whatever long-term benefits such reforms might bring , it is difficult to see how they would provide immediate benefits .
This conclusion might seem to fly in the face of the experience of countries like Argentina , Brazil , and Chile , where many firms in the modern parts of the economy -LRB- including non-traditional agriculture -RRB- have experienced undeniable growth .
He is an interesting fellow , my colleague said , with a doctorate from the London School of Economics and Political Science -LRB- LSE -RRB- ; I would enjoy talking to him , and I might be able to help his thinking on economic matters .
The émigré Russian novelist Gary Shteyngart 's comic novel Super Sad True Love Story is as good a guide as any to what might lie ahead .
On average , performance might be somewhat better than in the past , but nowhere near as stellar as optimists expect .
This is because most manufacturing industries are what might be called `` escalator activities '' : once an economy gets a toehold in an industry , productivity tends to rise rapidly towards that industry 's technology frontier .
If Germans are unable to stomach the idea of sharing a political community with Greeks , they might as well accept that economic union is as good as dead .
A modern-day Friedman might want to ask how China has come to dominate the pencil industry , as it has so many others .
Yet that sequence is the opposite of what one might have expected : only after financial markets developed did those with a stake in them press for better legislation to protect investors .
Even if all of the rules for finance are right , few will part with their money if they fear that an unfavorable regime change might occur during the lifetime of their investment .
For example , investors holding derivatives and repo contracts with a weakened financial institution can grab the firm 's assets ahead of -- and at the expense of -- its regular creditors , possibly sealing its fate , when , with a little extra time , the firm might have survived .
Someone naïve in the ways of US corporations might say that these rules are paper-thin , because shareholders can just elect new directors if the incumbents are recalcitrant . As long as they can elect the directors , one might think , shareholders rule the firm .
In lieu of an election that could remove recalcitrant directors , an outside company might try to buy the firm and all of its stock .
The clearinghouses will have many advantages , but not as many as regulators might think .
The unwinding of the US economy might even begin in 2006 , particularly if Japan continues to grow out of its doldrums , the US housing market softens dramatically , and Europe 's economic recovery accelerates .
Who wants to build up debt if there might be a financial crisis around the corner ?
Its infrastructure systems might be adequate to support the country 's tepid 3-4 % growth rates , but they are hardly adequate to support the 6-7 % rates that it ought to be enjoying amidst the current global boom .
Perhaps after a couple drinks , Putin might spill the beans on whether , as a real-world KGB agent , he ever directed any remotely similar operation .
But , on the other hand , some of Bush 's more intemperate Republican colleagues might have told him that global warming will lift ocean levels to the point where many of the coastal `` blue '' states , which tend to vote for the opposition Democrats , will be washed away , leaving only `` red '' Republican states in the center of the country .
One could go on forever with possible films , but clearly G-8 movie night might rekindle life in the organization 's moribund framework , and keep it going for many years to come .
It would certainly be more entertaining that the current framework , and , who knows , it might even inspire better policy .
Moreover , although US policy is making everyone else look good for now , things might not be so comfortable if the dollar collapse leads to skyrocketing interest rates and a sustained global slowdown .
At the same time , there are at least a half-dozen other global hot spots -- some might be tempted to include the US Senate -- that could trigger a major breakdown in world trade .
First , rich countries are deeply reluctant to embrace any collective plan that might impinge on their own domestic policy maneuvers .
-LRB- With some experts predicting that individuals will routinely live beyond 110-115 years by mid-century , one might wonder what all this will do to other social conventions such as marriage , but I will leave this thought to another day . -RRB-
Some societies might decide that it is better to be red than dead .
But Greenspan 's memoirs , to be published later this month , will no doubt strongly defend his famous decisions to bail out financial markets with sharp interest rate cuts in 1987 , 1998 , and 2001 , arguing that the world might have fallen apart otherwise .
Yet , given clear inflationary pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia , Argentina , and Russia , and notable price spikes in China , the world just might have reached a moment when agreement can be reached .
Likewise , while the Chinese Yuan might be king in 50 years , China 's moribund financial system will prevent it from being crowned anytime soon .
American voters , who are famously loathe to increase taxes , might start thinking a lot harder about the real economic costs of their country 's superpower status .
That is why unions throughout much of the developed world have been fighting so hard to block free-trade negotiations that might erode their position further .
If US policymakers would only listen , they might get an idea or two about how to deal with financial crises from experts who have lived through them and come out safely on the other side .
It might not be comfortable , but it would be educational .
Of course , curious as they might be , central bankers could decide that meeting in Harare would be too inconvenient and politically unpalatable .
If the euro were fully ready for prime time , we might well be seeing it 's dollar exchange rate jump to over 2.00 , and not just to 1.65 or 1.70 , as it seems poised to do anyway .
Indeed , if the euro zone can persuade Great Britain to become a full-fledged member , thereby acquiring one of the world 's two premier financial centers -LRB- London -RRB- , the euro might really start to look like a viable alternative to the dollar .
Keynesian stimulus policies might help ease the pain a bit for individual countries acting in isolation . But if every country tries to stimulate consumption at the same time , it wo n't work .
To boot , we have been told that government is so clever that it might even make money on the whole affair .
Just a year ago , the United States had five major freestanding investment banks that stood atop its mighty financial sector .
In mid-August , I had the temerity to predict that risks had come home to roost , and that a large US investment bank might soon fail or be forced into a highly distressed merger .
Is n't it possible , then , that rather than causing a Great Depression , significant shrinkage of the financial sector , particularly if facilitated by an improved regulatory structure , might actually enhance efficiency and growth ?
George Bush is not alone in worrying that things might get a lot worse before they get better .
Fear of crises is understandable , yet without these new , creative approaches to financing , Silicon Valley might never have been born .
Chinese consumers , on the other hand , might actually start spending more of their income if they can worry a bit less about saving for health care , their children 's education , and their old-age retirement .
For some Europeans , still nervous that their economies and banking systems might collapse , this is a little like asking a passenger on the Titanic what they plan to do when they arrive in New York .
Europeans may not mind this right now -LRB- one sees more Obama t-shirts in Europe than in the US -RRB- , but they might not be so happy if a George Bush III comes along .
An absurd expectation , one might think .
On the eve of the financial crisis , other Gulf states had started to look to Dubai for insight into how they might diversify their economies and continue to thrive when the oil wells run dry .
Though special , computer chess nevertheless offers both a window into silicon evolution and a barometer of how people might adapt to it .
A little bit of history might help .
The horrible computerized telephone-answering systems that we all now suffer with might actually improve .
Imagine , someday you might actually prefer digital to human operators .
In 50 years , computers might be doing everything from driving taxis to performing routine surgery .
If it does , it might not have sufficient funds for the next crisis , which will inevitably come , possibly from an unexpected quarter such as Japan or China .
There are altogether too many complex ideas floating around that look good on paper , but might well prove deeply flawed in a big-time crisis .
But I fear that change might cause a global economic crisis resulting from , say , an ugly unwinding of extravagant US borrowing trends .
Why might a carbon tax be viable now , when it never has been before ?
But they might be radicalized by the prospect of inheriting a badly damaged ecosystem .
Supporters of the US administration might fairly argue that it is undertaking long-deferred maintenance on issues such as income inequality .
A second problem with tax cuts is that they might well have only a limited impact on demand in the short run , with the private sector hoarding a significant share of the funds to repair badly over-leveraged balance sheets .
With soaring deficits , and a rudderless fiscal policy , one does wonder whether a populist administration might recklessly turn to the printing press .
And if you are really worried about that , gold might indeed be the most reliable hedge .
Sure , some might argue that inflation-indexed bonds offer a better and more direct inflation hedge than gold .
In fact , as Carmen Reinhart and I discuss in our recent book on the history of financial crises , This Time is Different , cash-strapped governments will often forcibly convert indexed debt to non-indexed debt , precisely so that its value might be inflated away .
Indeed , another critical fundamental factor that has been sustaining high gold prices might prove far more ephemeral than globalization .
But if real interest rates rise significantly , as well they might someday , gold prices could plummet .
Of course , such considerations might have little influence on prices .
If this situation persists , as I have long warned it might , it will lay the foundations for huge global trade frictions .
Germany might rightly argue that it has followed a relatively laissez-faire attitude towards trade , and that it should not be punished , despite its chronic surpluses .
Latin America might have returned to growth far sooner than it did . Creditors might even have received more in the end .
So observers should not just be asking how far similar events will spread across the region ; they should be asking themselves what kind of changes might be coming at home in the face of similar , if not quite so extreme , economic pressures .
Other advanced-economy monetary authorities , such as the European Central Bank , might be over-reacting to short term inflation volatility .
In defending the Fed 's policy , Bernanke had to be careful not to say anything that might overly alarm investors .
As the situation deteriorated , one might have guessed that the IMF would mark its beliefs to market , as it were , and adopt a more cautious tone .
First , investors might be telling themselves that in the worst-case scenario , the northern European countries will effectively push out the weaker countries , creating a super-euro .
Moreover , investors might be worried that the US Federal Reserve will weigh in with a third round of `` quantitative easing , '' which would further drive down the dollar .
Finally , investors might just believe that the eurozone leaders ' latest plan will work , even though the last dozen plans have failed .
This political rebalancing -- in terms of both votes and institutions -- could create higher barriers against any authoritarian deviation , wherever it might come from .
If only Philippine authorities could learn the lessons of past tragedies , this latest one might well have been averted .
However , the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to , say , 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed .
The result might be a longer stay within the new ERM , but without the crises that the original eurozone members suffered .
Gold rose above $ 1,000 again in February-March 2009 , when it looked like most of the financial system in the United States and Europe might be near insolvency , and that many governments could not guarantee deposits and backstop the financial system , because banks that were too big to fail were also too big to be saved .
While that could be contractionary , the gain in fiscal-policy credibility might prevent a damaging spike in long-term government-bond yields .
The US and Japan might be among the last to face the wrath of the bond-market vigilantes : the dollar is the main global reserve currency , and foreign-reserve accumulation -- mostly US government bills and bonds -- continues at a rapid pace .
But sounder fiscal policy might lead to even higher inflows as the country 's external balance and sovereign-risk outlook improve .
The bond vigilantes might have woken up if early austerity was not implemented ; the deficit was very large and the public sector bloated ; and it is always politically easier to implement tough measures early in an administration , when popular support is still high and the next election is far off .
Furthermore , several major geopolitical risks loom , including military confrontation between North and South Korea and the lingering possibility that Israel -- or even the US -- might use military force to counter Iran 's nuclear weapons program .
Moreover , whatever economic growth some of these countries might eventually register is contingent on enacting politically unpopular reforms that will work only in the long run -- and at the cost of even more short-term pain .
Even if the opposition wins the recall , a new election might return Chávez to the presidency precisely because of this failing .
But renewal of this sort can not be left to global market forces , as the results might not necessarily benefit European agriculture and society .
But , as confidence in the group 's decision-making -- and in the impartiality of the secretariat -- improves , members might give it some teeth , such as the ability to impose collective economic sanctions on recalcitrant members .
This responsibility can not be absolute or unlimited , however , and should be confined to situations where lenders were aware -LRB- or should have been aware -RRB- that the funds might be used for corrupt or oppressive ends .
Force might well be necessary to implement the doctrine , because `` the world must remember that it was not simply international institutions that brought stability to a post-World War II world . ''
Hamas might go slower or faster with an `` Islamicizing '' program . Nevertheless , it is determined to transform the lives of those it rules .
But Fatah has its own view of what is logical -- one that might not coincide with such prescriptions .
Moreover , it might be that the party will push as far as it can until it is stopped by fear of a military coup or a rejection of its program by the voters .
But the new liberal wave in the Arab world is reflected in media coverage that praised Iraq 's election and suggested that it might make a good model for other Arab countries .
There are many other small signs that change might be possible .
Without Sharon , Peretz might have more leverage in the partnership , particularly since Olmert has been more willing than Sharon to embrace policy changes perceived as dovish .
The report charges that as much as $ 5 million might go to one of these institutions in a year , but that a large portion is then siphoned off to her secret foreign bank accounts .
But , while the size of the FX business always grabs headlines , the way that currencies are traded also matters -- and this has evolved mightily over the years .
This meant that an investor who was pessimistic about equities , but who might face constraints in hedging that risk by using derivatives or selling equities short , could reduce his exposure to equity markets by reversing the carry trade -- borrowing in Australian dollars and investing in Japanese yen , for example .
Instead , EU enlargement is being carried out according to what might be described as the principle of `` asymmetrical integration . ''
As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked , `` Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin , Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist . ''
Bush might think that America is doing a lot to help overcome these problems , but the truth is that US aid is minimal .
Concern that the levees might break in the midst of a powerful hurricane was widespread among scientists , engineers , and emergency-preparedness experts .
While there is no scientific way to link a particular hurricane such as Katrina to the long-term trend -- in the sense that Katrina might have been bad luck rather than a sign of manmade climate change -- the energy of hurricanes throughout the world has been rising markedly .
Israel will not be able to avoid territorial withdrawals to the 1967 borders by exercising its military might ; the US will not be able to ensure oil security through continued military occupation in the Middle East ; and terrorists will not be able to destroy Israel or foist their fundamentalist ideas by force on moderate societies .
Farmers might be able to increase their output , but it wo n't be able to reach the cities , and the cities wo n't be able to provide the countryside with inputs .
In still other areas , longer-distance water pipelines might be needed .
She also sent an unmistakable signal to those who would steal votes : at worst , they might have to share a few cabinet positions with the opposition .
In the course of 2006 and 2007 , the financial bubble that is now bringing down once-mighty financial institutions peaked .
General Motors might have an early version by 2010 .
Should they risk buying a new car when gasoline prices might soar again ?
China 's trade surplus might shrink by half of that amount -LRB- with cuts in trade surpluses also spread over other global regions -RRB- , meaning a shift in Chinese GNP toward internal demand and away from net exports equal to between 5 % and 10 % of China 's GNP .
These might sound like the same thing , but they are not .
We might try to tap bio-fuels , but only in forms that do not compete with food supplies or with precious environmental assets .
My plea to discuss plans and strategies alongside specific emissions targets might seem to risk impeding the negotiations .
But if we do n't have a strategy to accompany our targets , the world 's governments might not accept such targets in the first place , or might accept them cynically , without any intention of actually meeting them .
First , the Gleneagles commitments might be mere words to politicians in the rich world , but they are matters of life and death for the world 's poor .
I do n't know whether Obama 's leadership might have found those votes , but I do know that the US has not mustered the national effort to respond effectively to the Horn of Africa 's needs .
This has come late in his term , and he might well continue to favor the rich and Wall Street in exchange for campaign contributions in 2012 , but there is a glimmer of hope that Obama will defend a fairer budget policy .
The new FTT might still face political opposition in Europe , especially in the United Kingdom , with its large and influential banking sector , but at least the principle of greater tax fairness is high on the European agenda .
Many neuroscientists believe that the mental-health effects of TV viewing might run even deeper than addiction , consumerism , loss of social trust , and political propaganda .
His corrupt cronies and military officials who benefitted during his lawless regime stand by him - not only to preserve their own corrupt incomes , but also out of fear of the retribution that might follow their fall from power .
An alternative approach , giving positive inducements to a tyrant to leave office , might work in some circumstances .
One such standard , which might conceivably win international consent , would be an `` international term limit '' on heads of government .
The world as a whole might agree on a weaker , but globally acceptable minimum standard , say a term limit of no more than 20 years .
Mugabe 's challengers would have been given the upper hand in the political conflict , and it might have been taken for granted inside Zimbabwe and the SADC that Mugabe would not and should not contest this round of elections .
Yet pursuing war where diplomatic means - weapons inspections , threats of retaliation in the face of Iraqi aggression , readiness of the UN to act if dangers from Iraq become imminent - might suffice could result in huge and avoidable economic -LRB- as well as other -RRB- costs .
Even if the US economy might experience some short-term demand boost from increased military spending , the rest of the world would not .
Since the 1960s , there has been loose talk in Western Europe that Turkey might one day become a member of the European Community , now the EU .
A truly sovereign Iraq might well tell the US to withdraw from the country .
· humans might react badly to such changes , because changes in monsoon patterns or sea levels and the ensuing economic distress could provoke massive political unrest , refugee movements , and violent conflict .
World leaders should still gather to commemorate WWI , in the hope that they might learn enough to avoid repeating its disaster in our time .
Fortunately , a proposal by UK Chancellor Gordon Brown might provide the needed global breakthrough .
What is the rationale of this proposal and how might it be implemented ?
Beyond the balance of representation in parliament and government , a balance might need to be struck between the highest offices of state .
As in Lebanon , Iraqis might need to create a balance between the offices of president , prime minister , and speaker of parliament , and to agree that a leader of a different major community will occupy each .
Likewise , while Iran supports Hezbollah , it has also held Hezbollah back from outright rebellion , which might trigger a further Sunni backlash in the region .
Iran 's regional foreign policy has not yet caught up with its new pre-eminence ; it is making as many enemies as it is gaining friends , and it might squander the windfall gains that it made in the past three years .
The Doha agreement might allow a number of months , or years , of relative calm .
The fear that the pro-Syrian and pro-Iranian March 8 alliance might secure a victory was palpable prior to the vote .
Moreover , if the March 8 coalition had won , it would have largely been on the back of Christian voters delivered by Aoun , who might have then demanded the Lebanese presidency , which is reserved for a Christian .
Although war is unlikely in the coming months , if sanctions on Iran do n't bear fruit by early 2011 , Israel might feel the need to act .
Alternatively , Israel might launch a pre-emptive war against Hezbollah in order to rob Iran of a nearby retaliatory capacity .
In the end game of such a war , Syria might be asked by the Arab countries and the international community to take greater responsibility in Lebanon , in order to contain Hezbollah and its military profile .
Sources within the US administration hint that President Barack Obama might announce the outlines of an Arab-Israeli settlement sometime later this year .
Although no official announcement has been made , there are reports that Daniel Bellemare , the prosecutor for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , might conclude his investigation and issue indictments in the fall .
In a speech on July 16 , Hezbollah leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah acknowledged rumors that the Tribunal might indict members of his party , but charged that the Tribunal was part of an Israeli plot to undermine the Islamic resistance in Lebanon and has no credibility .
Morales might yet turn more radical , but , for now , he represents a deep , ethnically inspired demand for historic justice , not a hard-left ideology .
But we might also see an unpredictable turn , with a new political leader or movement suddenly capturing the popular imagination and sweeping aside the old arrangements .
Relaxing the one-child policy might have some positive impact in the very long run , but China is already past the tipping point , pushed there by the combined effect of gender imbalance and a very skewed age structure .
Beyond these policy actions , Europe also needs to speak with one voice when dealing with monopoly suppliers such as Russia -- or , in the future , with an Iran that might one day become linked to the planned Caspian pipelines .
As a result , enormous resources -- both funds and officials ' time -- were invested in youth movements created by Kremlin puppeteers , with two aims : control street political activity and prepare brigades for a future struggle -- which might include ballot rigging -- against political opponents .
A solution is to provide in-kind rewards -- such as a down payment on a house , a contribution to a retirement fund , or lifetime health insurance -- so that the program would not be attractive to people who might otherwise rush to donate on the promise of a large sum of instant cash .
Or will they instead increase their imports of manufactured products and food , thus creating jobs in developing countries that might help absorb their surplus labor ?
All this might be seen as a predictable , conservative reaction to urgently needed reforms , were it not for the poor track record of the Sunni economic establishment , which for many years adapted well enough to Syrian domination .
Contrary to popular opinion , the type of forces and capabilities needed by NATO are not as widely available in national inventories as one might think .
If the US and China were to team up to address the challenge of climate change , the results might not only be a more congenial climate and a better Sino-US relationship , but also new and vibrant economic sectors in both countries .
Its style is almost scientific -- factual , staccato-like , and unemotional -- and it goes a long way toward meeting China 's demand for a convincing investigation and act of contrition that might allow the bitter and still poisonous past to be overcome .
The actress Mia Farrow , for example , suggested that the 2008 Olympics might be remembered as `` the genocide games . '' This got the Chinese leadership 's attention .
In the past , China shied away from most multilateral problem solving , fearing that it might set a precedent for other countries to intervene in internal Chinese affairs .
The incumbent , Chen Shui-bian , has initiated a referendum process that might someday be used to ask Taiwanese if they want to formalize today 's de facto independence .
Before giving his name , address , and phone number , he said , `` Of course , I have considered the consequences that I might encounter after writing this letter .
And , while this reflects changes in relative importance , European banks ' business volumes might have increased in absolute terms even in the US , though at a slower pace than elsewhere .
Nonetheless , given the relatively favorable outlook for cross-border banking , Western banks ' presence in emerging markets could strengthen further , while banks domiciled in these regions might start looking beyond national borders .
Still more probably , it might confine politics to the day-to-day management of redistributing wealth among groups that coexist in the same society but do not necessarily share much else .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
The idea that something that was good for confidence might lead to danger for the banking system was too strange to be believable .
Even if democracy might be viewed primarily as an evil from an Islamic point of view , there is another principle of interpretation of religious laws in Islam , according to which minor evils -- even if religiously impermissible or not recommended at first -- become permissible , recommended , and even mandatory if they alone can prevent major evils .
At that point , China might wish it had never heard of Tung Chee-hwa .
Indeed , it might wish it had never secured Hong Kong 's return .
This message , it was hoped , would stabilize the market so that prices for `` toxic '' assets could rise to a level at which bankers might feel comfortable selling them .
Calling this a Ponzi scheme might be too harsh . But few financial professionals have been fooled .
But if China wants to raise the military budget to improve the quality of its army , the conflict with the demands of fiscal stability could make military transparency important for domestic reasons , and China might no longer view it as being off limits in its relations with the US .
China might itself wish to be a major force in a multi-polar world , but has been plagued by its lack of overall strength .
These younger leaders guided the Intifada , gaining stature within Palestinian society , as well as a feeling that they might soon supplant the traditional old guard of the PLO .
He probably should have asked more about spreading democracy in China , because he might have been surprised by what he heard .
And Wen has indicated that village elections might be extended to the next highest government level -- township administrations -- over the next few years .
If internal elections become widespread , the lines of ideological disagreement within elite circles might become more clearly drawn , which could further spur calls for some kind of representative institutional structure .
One elected chamber might be reserved only for Communist Party members , the other for representatives elected by ordinary Chinese .
The core problem with information technology is that its economic benefits might be concentrated and that the wealth it creates may accrue predominantly to people who have subtle skills that computers ca n't duplicate , or who have the first-mover advantage , or who have the right business connections .
A jump in the market is what one might have expected .
My questionnaire asked : `` Do you worry that your -LRB- or your household 's -RRB- ability to earn as much income in future years as you expect might be in danger because of changes in the economy -LRB- someone in China competing for your job , a computer replacing your job , etc. -RRB- ? ''
I asked this question of recent homebuyers on the theory that fear of job loss might help explain the remarkable boom in home prices in the US -LRB- as well as many other advanced countries -RRB- .
The kinds of heterodox monetary policy that might be used to prevent deflation similarly risk an overreaction and renewed inflation .
If we have arrived at such a turning point , as the trend in bond markets in recent weeks might suggest , it will be a turning point for interest rates and bond prices as well .
Over the next decade , we might expect that a broad spectrum of insurance , lending , and securities companies will become involved .
Life expectancy might well be only 80 years by mid-century -- about where it is now in advanced countries -- if medical progress is disappointing or is offset by new threats or hazards .
But if we take account of both the increased generosity of rich nations and the application of improved financial and insurance technology , he just might be right .
It might be more accurate to say that public attention is over-focused on some recent price changes , or over-accepting of some high market values .
He might find himself pushing on a string .
In fact , we might be losing the momentum we had a few years ago to implement some of these ideas .
It seems plausible that two years is long enough for retraining , after which the employee might command a higher wage without a government subsidy .
But they find it equally likely that their living standards might drop even lower than they are today .
Disaffection with an ineffective government might lead voters to acquiesce in a more authoritarian government .
Some part of the high saving rates in China since the early 1980 's might be due to the decline in public confidence about health care , retirement benefits , and education , and a weakened sense of job security .
In the US , one 's income is a dark secret that one might not reveal even to one 's own spouse .
The local influentials , Merton discovered , spoke affectionately of their town , as if it were a unique and special place , and often said they would never leave . The cosmopolitans spoke as if they might leave any day .
After the World Fellows Dinner , the Fellow from Namibia was extolling to me , in impeccable and relaxed English , the beautiful vacation homes I might find -LRB- and even buy -RRB- there .
How much might we expect a home in a famous city to outperform other real estate as a long-term investment ?
Stock-market movements are certainly hard to explain , but there are reasons to believe that Brazilians might be rationally exuberant .
The February 27 decline began with an 8.8 % one-day drop in the Shanghai Composite , following news that the Chinese government might tax capital gains more aggressively .
Nevertheless , an outside observer might have been struck by the weight given to the possibility that the decade-long boom might well suffer a real reversal , followed by serious declines .
Indeed , given a very low savings rate and high fiscal deficit over the past few decades , the US might otherwise have faced economic disaster .
Individual firms might have splendid investment opportunities -- to enlarge plant and equipment , capitalize on new software , or exploit new research and new training of key personnel -- but might be deterred by cash shortages or perceived macroeconomic risks .
But these surveys , which tabulate quick answers to simple questions , do not tell us how deeply held these opinions are , how new circumstances might change confidence , or what people will really do when they make important decisions in coming months or years .
In the US , President-elect Barack Obama seems to have the charisma to create this , and his status as the first minority president marks a major historical transition that might have great positive psychological impact in the US and around the world .
Whatever the near future holds the multitude of plans now being discussed to deal with this global crisis need to be judged with attention to the elusive and inexplicable effects they might have on confidence .
Recession insurance might , indeed , help alleviate the economic crisis by reducing uncertainty .
Reducing uncertainty might augment , or even be superior to , fiscal stimulus programs , for it would address the root cause of the unwillingness to spend .
Moreover , recession insurance might , in contrast to fiscal policy , impose no costs on the government , for if it stimulates confidence , then the risk being insured against is prevented .
Blanchard and his colleagues point out that banks might condition loans to firms on their purchase of recession insurance , which might help credit markets function better , addressing a serious problem underlying the current crisis .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
The current global economic crisis is an opportunity for some new experimentation that might not only lead to its resolution , but might also set in place institutions that help to prevent future crises .
Indeed , the year 2009 might even be a milestone marking a new era of volatility .
Financial innovators might not incur these costs if they expect that others will copy their ideas at little or no cost to themselves as soon as they are shown to work .
As was the case then , public outrage today is at a level that might well overwhelm the lobbying efforts of entrenched interests .
This might include such measures as the annualized volatility of the inflation-adjusted ten-year returns , and the range of real payoffs that an investment might earn in ten years , including 5th , 50th , and 95th percentiles .
Including such statements in the disclosure is analogous to the requirement that food labels contain a full list of nutritional factors per serving , rather than merely a featured list that the producer might try to add in order to promote the product .
Thus , one might infer that we face another seven years or so of bad times .
Moreover , there are reasons to suggest that this time really might be different .
I hate to say so , not wanting to commit the sin defined by their `` syndrome , '' but this time might be different because all of the modern examples of past crises came during a time when many economists worldwide were extolling the virtues of the `` rational expectations '' model of the economy .
And the highly contagious global-warming story paints a scenario of food shortages and shifts in land values in different parts of the world , which might boost investor interest further .
A recent World Bank study estimated that the damage from the triple disaster -LRB- earthquake , tsunami , and nuclear crisis -RRB- in March might ultimately cost Japan $ 235 billion -LRB- excluding the value of lives tragically lost -RRB- .
Given wide publicity about international charitable relief efforts and voluntary contributions to Japan , one might think that the country 's economic loss was shared internationally .
The same World Bank study estimates that total claims accruing to insurers in Japan might ultimately cost these companies $ 33 billion .
Here in the US , it might seem like an image of our future , as public debt comes perilously close to 100 % of annual GDP and continues to rise .
One might be misled into thinking that , because 90 % sounds awfully close to 100 % , awful things start happening to countries that get into such a mess . But if one reads their paper carefully , it is clear that Reinhart and Rogoff picked the 90 % figure almost arbitrarily .
NEW HAVEN -- It might not seem that Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis and growing concern about the United States ' debt position should shake basic economic confidence .
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
The answers to that question might well help us forecast the future outlook much more accurately .
So investors know that even if a Federal agency like the SEC overlooks or ignores serious regulatory problems , another regulator might step in .
Obama administration officials had been hoping that bilateral cooperation to tackle this common threat might deepen the US-China partnership in the same way that the common Soviet threat brought Nixon and Mao together in 1972 .
But the US Congress might well cry `` appeasement '' if Obama dared to propose engaging -- and changing -- North Korea in this way .
A pest control technology that fails to control pests might be good for seed corporations that are also agrichemical corporations .
What , then , might a woman of Tereshkova 's generation think of the changes during Vladimir Putin 's presidency ?
This might seem strange to the Western mind , for which the great Soviet space achievements and the USSR existed as separate entities : while everyone praised Soviet science , very few admired the totalitarian USSR .
As China is now able to harness its own technological might to produce sophisticated weapons , Russia 's usefulness in this area is waning fast .
Some research suggested that fees might be useful in decentralizing education -- a laudable goal -- and in helping poor countries to `` live within their means '' -LRB- a nasty requirement in an age of global prosperity -RRB- .
What might trigger a fatal run on the dollar in world markets ?
In the modern era of automated payments , the upheaval might come from a terrorist attack that undermines the computerized transfer facilities of the world 's banking system .
You might , for example , have extra checkups to detect early signs of the diseases that you are most at risk of contracting , or you could alter your diet to reduce that risk .
If your chances of a long lifespan are not good , you might buy more life insurance , or even retire early to have enough time to do what you always wanted to do .
David 's father , Yohane Banda , suddenly in the media spotlight , said he had not understood that his son no longer belonged to him and might never return to Malawi .
Welby should not have been helped to die , they might argue , because he expressly said that he wanted to die , not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment .
It 's a matter of judgment , and others might disagree , but in my view the lucky factory farmed pigs are those shot on the farm . The unlucky ones have to live longer .
If you can read , and did n't deliberately turn away from anything that might disturb your comfort , you should also know that the entire animal industry is unnecessary , that we would be healthier , and do less damage to our environment , without it ?
If America would only follow that advice , it might really be a beacon of hope and a shining example .
For example , we might reasonably ask whether they pay their fair share of taxes , or inquire about their charitable donations .
He is frequently booed and mocked by fans , and many thought that baseball 's commissioner , Bud Selig , should not attend games at which Bonds might tie or break the record .
Diana might have had a better life in the US , where people and the media are more ready to accept good intentions at face value .
Still others might vote not because they imagine that they will determine the outcome of the election , but because , like football fans , they want to cheer their team on .
If Golubchuk 's children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father .
If life itself is a gift , he said , we are not wronged by being given less than we might want .
But when Obama 's running mate , Joe Biden , was asked , in his debate with his Republican counterpart , Sarah Palin , what proposals an Obama-Biden administration might have to scale back as a result of the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout , the only specific proposal he mentioned was the increase in foreign assistance .
Regrettably , when then-Senator , now Vice-President Joe Biden was asked what spending an Obama administration might have to curtail because of the financial crisis , he mentioned the pledge to increase foreign aid .
But , as the recession hit , and the cost of the bailout became apparent , he indicated that he might have to postpone implementing this commitment .
Then we might finally see that chicken from the factory farm really is n't so cheap after all .
But we anticipate that , faced with cake tomorrow , our desire for that rich chocolate texture will distort our reasoning so that we might convince ourselves that putting on just a little more weight does n't really matter all that much .
The decision to ground flights was based on the view that any level of ash in the atmosphere posed some risk to aircraft , and that no matter how slight that risk might be , the government 's job was , as British Prime Minister Gordon Brown put it , `` to make sure that safety was paramount . ''
Some German fans might have been disappointed .
Who knows what difference that example might have made to the lives of many of those watching ?
Although Wikileaks says it has withheld an additional 15,000 documents on the Afghan war in order to remove names and other means of identifying individuals who might be placed at risk , the Times of London revealed that in some cases sufficient identifying details were in the documents already released .
If consumers insist on buying only ethical diamonds , traders might be able to push the demand back to their sources .
And , if the diamond industry can put itself on an ethical footing , it might send a message to other industries that deal in resources that are effectively being stolen from some of the world 's poorest people .
Tiger mothering might seem to be a useful counterbalance to such permissiveness , but both extremes leave something out .
Darnton 's plan falls short of a universal library , because works in print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books .
Readers who go to On What Matters seeking an answer to the question posed by its title might be disappointed .
When Parfit does come to the question of `` what matters , '' his answer might seem surprisingly obvious .
The two are related : more tourists might boost the economy , but they would damage Bhutan 's environment and culture , and so reduce happiness in the long run .
It might be possible to justify the loss of innocent human life in Damadola by a utilitarian calculation that killing Al Qaeda 's leaders will , in the long run , save a larger number of innocent human beings .
What , by contrast , might a Pakistani liberal stand for ? Indeed , who in Pakistan is calling for a liberal , democratic country ?
This is also true of an India that is only now coming to recognize its new status in the world , in which the country 's limits and responsibilities have expanded mightily .
But , at such moments , Obama might do well to recall Vajpayee 's words during Clinton 's visit , when he quoted Walt Whitman 's poem `` Passage to India '' :
Indeed , after years of sanctions , threats , negotiations , and then more sanctions and threats , the US remains unclear about what specific nuclear program it might accept .
In these circumstances , if Iran is offered a diplomatic ladder that it can climb down with its dignity intact -- above all , a credible promise of an historic reconciliation with the US that includes specific economic benefits , not Obama 's current vague offers -- a tired revolution 's troubled leadership might take it .
Nevertheless , it might be better to let the market decide what kinds of products the low-skilled and less motivated part of the workforce should and could reasonably produce , which speaks for the American way of subsidizing wages .
This is the policy Italians pursued for decades in the pre-euro days , and the Fed might one day feel that it should adopt such a stance .
The European house creaked mightily .
The emergence of a `` realistic dictator '' might allow NATO to withdraw most of its troops within a few years .
Theological language that might have decried the credit crunch as the `` wages of sin , '' a come-uppance for prodigious profligacy , has become unusable .
The prudential supervision regime initiated by the Bank of Spain in response to the Spanish banking crises of the 1980 's and 1990 's shows what a sensible middle way might look like . Spanish banks are required to increase their deposits in proportion to their lending and set aside capital against assets in their off-balance sheets .
This , it is feared , might slow recovery .
The pace of change might be doubtful , but not its direction .
Alternatively -LRB- or coincidentally -RRB- , Russia might discover a new business center of gravity in Central Asia and East Asia , though this would hardly be the `` liberal empire '' that Anatoli Chubais once envisaged , for it would be based on the mutual attraction of autocrats .
In short , Krugman `` has absolutely no idea about what caused the crash , what policies might have prevented it , and what policies we should adopt going forward '' -- except that the government should now spend money like a drunken sailor .
We might therefore have expected hours of work to have fallen by about two-thirds .
Unexceptionable principles , one might say .
And even though inequality of wealth and income in Britain increased in the 13 years Labor has been in power , this is thought to be something that a left-wing party might seek to correct , whereas there is no similar expectation for a party of the right .
Workers bargain for money wages , and a reduction in their money incomes might leave total demand too low to employ all those willing to work .
Fiscal consolidation , its advocates claim , `` might '' lead investors to expect improvement on the supply side of the economy .
Finally , the reduction of governments ' borrowing requirements `` might '' have a beneficial effect on output in the long run , owing to lower long-term interest rates .
Meanwhile , China 's policy of slowly letting the renminbi rise against the dollar might well go into reverse , provoking US protectionism .
As more and more people find themselves with enough , one might expect the spirit of gain to lose its social approbation .
The year before , the strongest cyclone in more than 50 years hit China ... We 're seeing the consequences that scientists have long predicted might be associated with continual global warming . ''
This might look like a tactical choice , but I doubt that it will result in a stronger hand for the IMF .
This might be appropriate in times of systemic crisis , but it is not sustainable in normal times .
After bruising enlargement negotiations and internal differences over Iraq , and with similar divisions surrounding the new EU constitution and the common European foreign and defense policy , one might well think just that .
As a gesture intending to boost Kerry 's chances , German Defense Minister Peter Struck suggested that his country might reconsider its position on troops in Iraq .
Regulators might consider imposing pro-cyclical equity requirements -- increasing the equity percentage in boom times in order to offset losses in the inevitable bust times .
Such activity by the President will do more to root Indonesia 's democracy than any other action Megawati might take .
In this respect , one might speak of the `` epidemic character '' of our contemporary world .
Yet it is clear that European defense is now struggling mightily with public financing .
If the Japanese do not wake up from their Edo dream , Asia might very well become a Chinese empire .
But the real problem with the Fifth Republic might be its influence beyond France .
The idea that might is right can not be reconciled with the idea of an open society . Hence the need for Orwellian doublespeak .
Today , no single country or combination of countries can stand up to American military might .
This might be done in several ways .
Without it , some members of the euro zone might have found themselves in the same difficulties as Eastern European countries .
While the rest of the world recognizes that the way to counteract the collapse of credit is to expand the monetary base , Germany remains opposed to any policy that might carry the seeds of eventual inflation .
He believes in international cooperation , rather than the might-is-right philosophy of the Bush-Cheney era .
By contrast , when it comes to military might , China will not be a match for the US for some time to come .
Moreover , the competitiveness requirements demanded by Germany will be imposed on an uneven playing field , putting deficit countries in an untenable position , one that might even drag down Spain , which entered the euro crisis with a lower debt ratio than Germany .
That might induce a further change of attitude in Germany , in turn allowing the adoption of counter-cyclical policies .
Mortals see death as the gateway to true life , much as a caterpillar might look at a butterfly .
It might even help start rebuilding trust .
In a stable world , Maastricht Treaty 's rules-based framework , if enforced , might do the job .
They might take the route of adapting the Maastricht rules to allow for more inter-temporal flexibility at the national level .
And , if successful over time , it might have made the rest of Obama 's agenda seem less overwhelming and more affordable .
With a cyclical mindset and fiscal space exhausted , a new round of quantitative easing -LRB- QE2 -RRB- might be defended as a strategy for mitigating the tail risk of another downturn in asset markets -LRB- mainly housing -RRB- and households ' balance sheets -- and with it the possibility of a deflationary dynamic .
In The Growth Report , published in May , we tried to understand why most developing countries fell far short of this achievement , and explored how they might emulate the fast growers .
Fiscal stimulus , in the form of backloading deficit-reduction efforts , might help tide the economy over while structural adjustment and expansion of competitiveness in the tradable sector proceed .
One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of a rapidly evolving global economy .
But there is also concern about the previous occasional anti-Russian statements of this new generation of leaders , and fear that President Saakashvili might launch a military campaign to bring the breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia back under Tbilisi 's rule .
Indeed , the Saakashvili administration might complain about Russian meddling , but it is unlikely to try to remove Georgia from Russia 's economic orbit .
For example , the introduction of standards and codes , reports on their observation -LRB- ROSC 's -RRB- , Financial Sector Assessment Programs -LRB- FSAP 's -RRB- , and the resulting increase in the Fund 's transparency might contribute to an improvement of bilateral , regional , and multilateral surveillance .
Reading the press of late , you might conclude that all Harmid Karzai , Afghanistan 's chief , needs to pacify his country is an expanded international peacekeeping presence and faster delivery of aid .
Another problem was the bar code system designed to prevent duplicate voting . Some qualified voters did n't get their bar codes ; others feared that employers might use them to learn how they voted .
NEW HAVEN -- Many public-policy decisions are based on implicit assumptions about `` human nature , '' and it is currently popular to speculate about how evolution might have shaped human behavior and psychology .
If evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth , we might not see women ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier , for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change .
Right before the Fed acted , the Reserve Bank of India raised its benchmark short-term interest rate by 25 basis points , to 6.25 % , to fight inflation , and China 's central bank now indicates that it might raise interest rates further .
I do n't think such a tax would significantly impact market liquidity , but even if it did , a nudge towards buying and holding might not be such a bad thing .
Resolving that conflict - itself a key aspect of Arab political identity - might enable Arab political culture to change .
What really worries some democratic secularists in Turkey and elsewhere is that the AKP 's efforts at constitutional reform might be simply a first step toward introducing Sharia law .
Many of the opposition groups , representing a broad spectrum of opinion -- including a traditional liberal party , the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood , and the Facebook activists of the April 6 Youth Movement -- have indicated that they might support an interim government , possibly one led by the Nobel Peace Prize winner Mohamed ElBaradei .
If I were to take that trip , I might have gone to Ireland to discover that my Irish ancestors were originally from Scotland .
Those countries without such programs might think about instituting them .
It is precisely this kind of macho reasoning that led America to war in Iraq in the first place . The war was meant to demonstrate the strategic power of military might .
It was always clear that the timing of America 's departure from Iraq might not be its choice -- unless it wanted to violate international law once again .
Letting AIG fail might have hurt some systemically important institutions , but dealing with that would have been better than to gamble upwards of $ 150 billion and hope that some of it might stick where it is important .
Indeed , the agreement showed the value of a more inclusive approach -- for example , by asking key questions that might be too politically sensitive for some of the larger countries to raise , or by pointing out concerns that resonate with the poorest , even if they are less important for the richest .
One might have thought that the United States would have taken a leadership role , since the crisis was made there .
One might have hoped that America would be the first to offer large amounts of money to help the many innocent victims of the policies it had championed .
By contrast , a better measure of economic performance might show that steps taken to improve the environment are good for the economy .
Moreover , the focus on GDP creates conflicts : political leaders are told to maximize it , but citizens also demand that attention be paid to enhancing security , reducing air , water , and noise pollution , and so forth -- all of which might lower GDP growth .
Consider the trauma a country like India might have suffered if its population of a half-billion had remained barely fed as it doubled .
A long line of research has shown that even using the models of the so-called `` rational expectations '' school of economics , markets might not behave stably , and that there can be price bubbles .
Just as the crisis has reinvigorated thinking about the need for regulation , so it has given new impetus to the exploration of alternative strands of thought that would provide better insights into how our complex economic system functions -- and perhaps also to the search for policies that might avert a recurrence of the recent calamity .
For all the fanfare surrounding financial innovation , this crisis is remarkably similar to past financial crises , except that the complexity of new financial products reduced transparency , aggravating fear about what might happen should there not be a massive public bailout .
Last month , Soros assembled a remarkable group of economic luminaries , from across the spectrum of the profession -- theory to policy , left to right , young and old , establishment and counter-establishment -- to discuss the need and prospects for such an initiative , and how it might best proceed .
If we could have more confidence in our regulators and supervisors , we might be more relaxed about all the other problems .
A new institutional arrangement might entail the creation of a set of trust funds - say , for education or health , or the environment - with competition among countries for projects helping to promote these objectives .
Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country . This is important because the US might oppose any plan that undermines demand for Treasury bills -LRB- and thus its guaranteed access to low-cost financing -RRB- .
We must now conjoin self-interest with good intentions , especially because leaders in some countries -LRB- particularly the United States -RRB- seem afraid of competition from emerging markets even without any advantage they might receive from not having to pay for carbon emissions .
Principles like `` it is better to tax bad things than good things '' might suggest imposing environmental taxes .
Besides , well-designed taxes on the financial sector might help alleviate problems caused by excessive leverage and banks that are too big to fail .
Taxes on speculative activity might encourage banks to focus greater attention on performing their key societal role of providing credit .
China might respond by imposing duties on those American products effectively directly or indirectly subsidized by America 's massive bailouts of its banks and car companies .
So America should be wary of igniting one in the midst of an uncertain global recovery -- as popular as it might be with politicians whose constituents are justly concerned about high unemployment , and as easy as it is to look for blame elsewhere .
Worse still , they have received support from the Fed , which one might have expected to adopt a more cautious stance , given the scale of its past mistakes and the extent to which it is evident that it reflects the interests of the banks that it was supposed to regulate .
A strong version of the so-called Volcker Rule -LRB- designed to force government-insured banks to return to their core mission of lending -RRB- might work .
If effective restrictions on the derivatives business of government-insured banks -LRB- whether actually insured , or effectively insured because they are too big to fail -RRB- survive in the final version of the bill , the general interest might indeed prevail over special interests , and democratic forces over moneyed lobbyists .
By contrast , the Fed does n't have to recognize the loss ; while free-market advocates might talk about the virtues of market pricing and `` price discovery , '' the Fed can pretend that nothing has happened .
Big bailouts allowed countries to briefly maintain over-valued exchange rates , which in turn allowed the rich in these countries to get their money out at more favorable terms than they might have done otherwise .
Whether one agrees with the recent proposals made by Ann Krueger , the IMF 's deputy managing director , is not the issue : the fact is that the IMF now recognizes the potential conflict of interest , and has proposed alternative procedures that might deal with the problem .
Were America less bent on pursuing unilateralist policies , in pushing against an international rule of law , this might not make much of a difference .
The second way that QE might have a slight effect is by lowering mortgage rates , which would help to sustain real-estate prices .
The attempt to ensure that the losses are not recognized might tempt the Fed to rely excessively on untested , uncertain , and costly monetary-policy tools -- like paying high interest rates on reserves to induce banks not to lend .
One might have thought that the crisis itself would undermine confidence in that ideology .
President Barack Obama has appointed a bipartisan deficit-reduction commission , whose chairmen recently provided a glimpse of what their report might look like .
Growth , it was thought , might slow slightly in 2011 , but it would be a minor bump on the way to robust recovery .
There are many balancing acts to be mastered : a government that is too powerful might violate citizens ' rights , but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society -- or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless .
You might suspect that such a country is either phenomenally rich or on the fast track to fiscal crisis .
During my visit , my interest was to understand better what had led to what some have called the Mauritius Miracle , and what others might learn from it .
Realpolitik might mean that there will be senior people from both China and the US in the top management team , but the presumption that the number two position should be filled by an American also has to go .
The deficits to which America 's debt-funded wars contributed so mightily are now forcing the US to face the reality of budget constraints .
With a decline in farm income in excess of 50 % from 1929 to 1932 , one might have anticipated massive migration .
Capitalist economies are not self-adjusting : market forces might eventually restore an economy of full employment , as Keynes said , but in the long run we are all dead . Keynes proposed clear prescriptions for hard economic times : expansionary monetary and fiscal policy .
It is only the credit expansion that such expenditures allow which might be inflationary .
Eventually , even the almighty American consumer will be shaken and realize that he is poorer today than three years ago and that he better start putting money away for his retirement , especially given Bush 's proposed risky experiments with the social security system .
I hope that the Bush Administration will enact policies to strengthen the US economy : a tax cut that might made minimal sense when it seemed that the US had a multi-trillion dollar surplus no longer makes any sense at all .
On the contrary , they probably encouraged inward flows , as funds that otherwise might have been provided on a short-term basis were induced to remain for longer .
-LRB- While Chile might , in principal , undertake similar protectionist measures against the US , there is a complete asymmetry in power .
Assume that the Japanese government financed its deficit partly by printing money rather than borrowing . Some individuals and firms who receive this money might simply hold on to the newly minted yen , but others might choose to spend it on goods and services , thereby stimulating the economy .
Similarly , higher deposits might simply add to some banks ' excess liquidity , but others might find it attractive to lend more , providing a further economic boost .
More debtors would be able to repay their loans , which might lead the banks to lend more .
Of course , those infected with inflation paranoia might worry : wo n't such a policy simply lead to an inflationary spiral ?
Different policies might have imposed more risk on international lenders , and less on workers and domestic firms .
That might be the case if all that central bankers did was , say , choose computer software for clearing payments .
Ironically , the World Trade Organization , where each country has one vote , might seem far more `` democratic '' than , say , the IMF , where a single country , the US , has a veto .
By focusing narrowly on inflation , the ECB made Europe lose twice : both the lost investment that lower interest rates might have prompted , and the loss of exports and increase in imports that are sure to follow from the Euro 's higher exchange rate .
It might have been able to win over the Iraqi people in the early months of the occupation , but by now its cumulative mistakes may have doomed the campaign for hearts and minds to failure .
There is controversy , of course , about the eventual size , with some claiming that as many as one job in two might eventually be outsourced , others contending that the potential is much more limited .
The pundits have now weighed in mightily in interpreting the American presidential election .
Under Wolfensohn , the Bank repeatedly stood up to the United States , where both the Clinton and Bush administrations might have preferred a more pliant President .
The Bush administration 's response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that , while they might send their boys to fight America 's wars , they had not only been left behind in America 's prosperity , but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most .
On the contrary , it might merely divert attention from other issues of no less moment for those struggling to lift themselves out of poverty .
A Cool Calculus of Global Warming The British government recently issued the most comprehensive study to date of the economic costs and risks of global warming , and of measures that might reduce greenhouse gas emissions , in the hope of averting some of the direst consequences .
The advanced countries might mean Bangladesh and the disappearing island states no harm , but no war could be more devastating .
Potential losses from this are far greater than those associated with the slight increases in inflation that a more aggressive macro-policy might entail .
Given China and Japan 's surpluses , a number twice that size might be more realistic .
In the Third World , this can be a matter of life and death for people who can not afford new brand-name drugs but might be able to afford generics .
China has been engaged in what might be called `` vendor finance , '' providing the money that helps finance the huge US fiscal and trade deficits , allowing Americans to buy more goods than they sell .
And there is now a chorus of caution about new regulations , which supposedly might hamper financial markets -LRB- including their exploitation of uninformed borrowers , which lay at the root of the problem . -RRB-
Indeed , given the size of the US economy , a slowdown there might conceivably have a far bigger effect on global prices than a slowdown in any developing country , which suggests that , from a global perspective , US interest rates , not those in developing countries , should be raised .
Doubts surround not just likelihoods , but extend to the outcomes themselves , and what they might mean .
What might these mean given differing views and interests ?
Back in January , the United Nations ' outlook for the global economy raised concerns about the economic pain this might impose on heavily indebted US households .
The main problem is that a directly elected Commission President might be premature : Europe may not be ready for such a radical change .
This might appear surprising .
Of course , there are many different kinds of democratic transitions , and lumping them all together might be misleading .
Rent-seeking tends to lead to policy failure in the form of intense political competition aimed at gaining short-term access to revenues and benefits , as opposed to political competition over what policies might be in the long-term public interest .
Japan 's dependence on imported Middle Eastern oil also demands that we understand what a war against Iraq might mean .
Supporters of lifting the arms export ban argue that this litany of sins does not reflect China 's real improvements in human rights and penalizes European armaments jobs to the benefit of Russia , which enjoys a lively arms trade with its neighbor -LRB- something it might one day regret -RRB- .
Should Russia recognize Abkhazia 's independence , Saakashvili might be tempted to respond militarily to prevent his country from unraveling .
Even if greed is ruled out as an acceptable motive , in favor of traditional ethno-cultural nationalism , a profusion of tiny tribal states might make the world far more unstable .
Dictators like Zaire 's Mobuto and Indonesia 's Suharto were embraced on the principle that `` he might be a bastard , but at least he 's our bastard . ''
Cynics might add that even if Aung San Suu Kyi is pardoned , she may yet still be detained on political grounds or face other barriers aimed at preventing her from competing in the elections promised in Myanmar for 2010 .
What additional dimension might America 's president bring on his first visit to the region ?
One might decide the matter by a show of hands , with the minority accepting the outcome favored by the majority as legitimate .
Yet the audience might be comprised of individuals unknown to one another , without mutual concern , brought together only by the lecture .
The possibility that a girl wearing a headscarf might in fact be rebelling against her parents and their kind of Islam , and that others might be deeply pious while being utterly revolted by gender discrimination or violence , is lost from view .
But , while in another age we might have been indulgent about its consequences , today it has explosive potential , because people who think in this manner are prime recruits for seeing the world in terms of Samuel Huntington 's theory of the `` clash of civilizations . ''
Sapre 's answer might not have been the brightest , but if the judges had any idea of how desperate Indians are for sporting success , they would have understood that she was not expressing such an absurd priority .
While India 's government had briefly hoped that the proof might enable Pakistan 's weak civilian government to rein in the malign elements in its society , the Pakistani authorities ' reaction has been one of denial .
The world as a whole stands to benefit if 18 littoral states can find common ground in the churning waters of a mighty ocean .
The Archaeological Survey of India , however , reported the existence of ruins beneath the demolished mosque that might have belonged to an ancient temple .
The court judgment gives two-thirds of the disputed site to two Hindu organizations , and one-third to Muslims , which suggests a solution that might permit the construction of both a mosque and a temple on the same site .
If that idealistic democrat Nehru had not been cremated , India 's stance toward Burma might cause him to turn over in his grave .
The Dissident and the Mahatma NEW DELHI -- With the Nobel Peace Prize presented this month in the absence of this year 's laureate , the imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , it might be wise to think of a man who never won the prize : Mahatma Gandhi .
NEW DELHI -- Indian diplomacy began 2011 with election to the chair of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee , a body of some importance to the country -LRB- and one which many thought India might not be asked to lead , given its strong feelings on the issue -RRB- .
To speak of a bilateral `` trust deficit '' might be an understatement .
PRINCETON -- Can Egypt 's long history help us to understand the uprising , already labeled a revolution , now underway in Cairo , and how it might turn out ?
Mubarak 's promise that he would not run for re-election this coming September , which might have mollified his critics two weeks earlier , was no longer enough .
If economic growth is seen as being dependent on the cost competitiveness of exports , governments will focus on things that might make sense for exporters , but not for their economies as a whole , such as labor-market policies aimed at artificially holding down wage growth , which redistributes income from labor to capital and exacerbates inequality .
Had the eurozone introduced such a system from the outset , it might well have worked .
A board of nine economists , from the big eurozone members , the European Commission , the European Central Bank , and the OECD might form a good basis .
And , while various creditor countries rightly fear that eurobonds would push up their borrowing costs and constitute a transfer union , opponents might eventually come around to seeing eurobonds as the least bad option .
The risk is that , by then , it could be too late to save the euro from a partial break-up : what might work if adopted promptly could be ineffective if adopted in six months .
It might even find , along the way , a new and urgently needed motivation to reinforce its fraying unity .
Without her help , I might not have farmed at all .
Given male dominance in African politics and soccer , any chance to improve the state of the sport that might arise from the 2010 World Cup will most likely benefit men .
And , considering the rampant corruption that plagues our continent , it might take a century to see male soccer teams managed and funded sufficiently .
They might be right , but any of those four women would be more effective at mediating conflicts in Africa than all the presidents of AU countries combined .
In many cases , lower-ranking officials , or even someone outside government , might be more effective .
A woman at the Addis Ababa summit might have asked those calling for war , for example , to explain how , given their failure to control poorly armed militias in Somalia , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Uganda , and elsewhere , they planned to defeat Gbagbo .
A woman might have reminded those threatening Gbagbo with war that when the conflict begins , men will take the fight into the jungle , leaving women behind to take care of children .
Instead , Graça Machel might have started by telling him about how happy her husband , Nelson Mandela , has been in retirement .
Wangari Maathai might have told Gbagbo about former African leaders like Daniel arap Moi of Kenya , who , despite a bad human rights records while in office , was forgiven because he chose to respect the will of the people .
Likewise , China might oppose `` Operation CIS . ''
If Russia is to move forward , its high and mighty must agree about who owns what , who makes the rules , and how to change the rules .
As such , he might be compared to Pyotr Stolypin , another conservative prime minister who famously asked for 20 years of peace and quiet -- mostly from liberals and revolutionaries -- to transform Russia .
On the other hand , it is clear that the roadmap to the eurozone might be completely different for the larger accession countries with floating exchange rates and inflation-targeting monetary policy regimes .
But the belief system of regulators and policymakers in the most financially advanced centers tended to exclude the possibility that rational profit-seeking by professional market participants might generate rent-seeking behavior and financial instability rather than social benefit -- even though several economists had clearly shown why that could happen .
Transparency was essential in order to reduce information costs , but it was beyond the ideology to recognize that information imperfections might be so deep as to be unfixable , and that some forms of trading activity , however transparent , might be socially useless .
Their presence and ability to provide objective information might prevent continuation or further escalation of the violence of the last few weeks to the point where it would require military intervention .
Yanukovich 's foreign policy might not be openly subservient to Russia , but it wo n't also be a clearly pro-western one either .
Russia , by wielding the threat of its Security Council veto , spent much of the past two years whittling away the proposed list of sanctions that might be slapped on Iran for its refusal to honor its commitments to the International Atomic Energy Agency over its nuclear program .
Russia 's other selfish aim has been to exempt from sanctions the Bushehr nuclear-reactor project it is building for Iran , and to ward off a UN-sponsored financial squeeze on Iran that might put at risk the profits Russia hopes to earn from providing nuclear fuel for the reactor , which is due to be commissioned late this year .
Yugoslavia is but a miniature version of what might happen in Ukraine if Yanukovich 's tactics are allowed to bring ethnic antagonisms to the boiling point .
The third moment came after the Berlin Wall fell , and it was feared that an enlarged Germany might destabilize Europe .
There is also a feeling that a larger EU might simply be unable to function .
Some argue that gas might be a better alternative to hydro or coal , but for countries that must import much of their gas the benefits of a stable and reliable source of cheap fuel in the form of coal present a very strong counter-argument to the capital costs of a gas plant .
Many countries invest less , and even Sweden 's 4 % of GDP might not be enough , given higher spending on R&D in China , India , and the United States .
Other countries might find Sweden 's system worth studying .
This debate about how to deal with Saddam might go as follows . It is not difficult to overthrow Saddam , but it is impossible to predict who or what will take his place .
And , with the face value of the debt unchanged , the psychological drag on expectations and investment might linger .
A quicker and more concerted response might have limited the fall-out from the crisis , and thus its cost .
But the current crisis might pose the question of whether the populist view of antitrust -- limiting the size of firms because of the excessive influence they may wield -- has some merit .
As a result , investment-banking operations might need to be rescued if they pose a systemic threat .
Obviously , I knew that the police take bribes , but was concerned that Boris might bump into one who was n't corrupt .
Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev , paving the way for the political abuse of psychiatric diagnosis , argued that , `` Of those who might start calling for opposition to Communism ... , we can say that clearly their mental state is not normal . ''
Perhaps prudent loosening of the imminent-harm standard for involuntary commitment in clear cases of severe disorder might be helpful .
Such measures might have prevented the Arizona shootings .
In contrast , it might be more difficult for a migrant in a distant country to assess the extent to which family members back home , knowing that they can always rely on the remittances , are responsible for other forms of income loss .
A sound regulatory framework and effective enforcement are frequently necessary for introducing competition , as well as to protect investors and consumers in the presence of a newly-privatized firm that might otherwise be able to use its substantial market power to stifle and prevent competition .
Some of these characteristics are more culturally specific than Joseph Schumpeter 's description of entrepreneurship as a process of `` creative destruction '' might imply .
Both visions sound appealing and consistent with traditional tenets of international relations , particularly Thomas Jefferson 's desire for `` peace , commerce , and honest friendship with all nations , '' to which Clinton might add `` individuals and groups within and among nations . ''
The refugees were Uzbeks , and Karimov had good reason to fear the possibility of a much bigger crisis within Uzbekistan , which is also home to many Tajiks , Kyrgyz , and of course millions of Uzbeks who might have been inflamed by the persecution of their ethnic kin in Kyrgyzstan .
Indeed , even if foreign troops reduce the violence , peace might last only as long as they remain deployed , since the conflict has evolved from a struggle between rebel groups and the Sudanese government into one between various clans and ethnic groups , with the government intervening on behalf of its allies .
The more practical problem is that even a nuclear explosion might not prove sufficiently powerful .
In addition , the space vehicle carrying the weapon might malfunction , and the nuclear warhead could land -LRB- and perhaps detonate -RRB- somewhere on Earth .
The safest approach might be to test several techniques on nearby asteroids before using them against Apophis when it approaches Earth .
Nevertheless , the administration has sought to meet the concerns of those Americans and US allies worried that Obama might pursue a naïve and reckless path toward nuclear disarmament .
American START negotiators argued with their Russian colleagues for months to exclude legally binding language that might constrain missile defenses or the use of non-nuclear warheads on long-range ballistic missiles .
Although some US officials remain skeptical about these capabilities , they appreciate that Congress might not ratify a START Treaty that included formal limitations on these options .
The hope is that the Taliban leadership is not cohesive -- that , whereas some of its members are probably committed to al-Qaeda 's absolutist ideology , others might accept a compromise settlement .
Although al-Qaeda and the Taliban are united in their desire to expel Western troops from Afghanistan and reestablish a strict Islamic government in which they enjoy a monopoly of political and religious power , some Taliban leaders might accept more moderate goals .
If NATO 's forces work sufficiently well , they might weaken the insurgency enough that the Afghan military could prove adequate to overcoming the remaining hard-liners , even after foreign troops reverse their current surge and scale down their presence during the next few years .
· Joint Russian-US expert studies regarding how BMD might affect Russia 's nuclear deterrent and what steps can be taken to minimize any problems ;
These negotiations might address many of the issues set aside in the rush to conclude the New START Treaty .
In that case , productive collaboration on other issues might become easier .
Perhaps the process of debriefing , part of whose purpose is to warn participants of emotional reactions that might be expected to develop over weeks and months , actually increases the occurrence of these symptoms .
Moreover , an independent media might tend to reinforce pro-market and democratic sentiment .
Expectations of a greater FSB focus on shadow banking stem not only from non-bank financial institutions ' role in fueling the 2008-2009 crisis , but also from the concern that stiffer capital and liquidity requirements for banks might shift risk away from the financial sector 's regulated core .
Because the original Big Bang produced dark matter , the LHC 's Little Bangs might produce some more .
-LRB- One gets prettier equations with five new particles , and there might be even more . -RRB-
Other speculations for what might be seen abound ; they include extra dimensions of space , strings instead of particles , and mini-black holes .
Russia 's hasty decision to recognize the `` independence '' of South Ossetia and Abkhazia was a shot across the bow for every former Soviet country , and has intensified speculation about who might be `` next '' -- and how to prevent Russia from multiplying the supposed Kosovo `` precedent '' in other ex-Soviet countries .
And I hope that the movement captures the imagination of progressives , who are equally disgusted with the corruption of the status quo , and who can agree on many thematic goals , even if their policy proposals might be different .
Otherwise , we might bid farewell to old development divides only to welcome new ones .
In a deflationary environment , this means that real interest rates - that are all that matter for economic stimulus - can not be pushed as low as might be necessary to boost demand and stem downward pressure on prices .
Other G-7 leaders might profit by seeking to apply this lesson more broadly .
The EU 's reluctant number two country has served unofficial notice that it , too , does not plan to abide by its deficit-reduction promises . This comes one year after tiny Ireland received an official warning about its fiscal policies , even though Ireland 's budget was in surplus , and mightily so .
It might be expensive to compensate all potential losers , but we must put our money where our mouth is ; if a reform is certain to pay off handsomely , it will pay for the buy-offs , and more .
These countries , too , are facing a recession , and , while the interest rate has not yet reached its zero bound everywhere , incentives to depreciate might grow in the near future .
Because Chinese internet users are now more likely to find out about a breaking story in real time and question why the official press has n't covered it , China 's conventional media now feel pressure from the public to cover events that they might otherwise dodge .
Rulers who rely mostly on military or economic might divorced from morality , he argued , can not achieve long-term success on the international stage .
But the truly curious factor that might bring success to Bush is that those who have opposed or resented America 's presence in Iraq , such as the Iranian-backed Shi'a parties now also appear to want Bush 's new strategy to succeed .
Although bilateral tensions began to build from 1998 onward , due to the Taliban 's refusal to turn over Osama bin Laden to Saudi Arabia -LRB- his homeland -RRB- , the Kingdom still hoped that petro-dollar diplomacy might solve this problem .
Muslim leaders everywhere worried that they would be stigmatized , perhaps nowhere more so than in Saudi Arabia , whose regime feared that its decades of friendship with the US might end .
Divisions in the kingdom are sharper than ever , and the King 's death might deepen them further . Two rival camps - the so-called reformers and the hard liners - are forming in the Al Saud , the world 's largest ruling family , with 22,000 princes and princesses .
In fact , only businesspeople may now be able to influence events : a sharp and pronounced slowdown , with Russian capital showing its displeasure by voting with its feet , might be the last hope for turning the prosecutors from their chosen course .
And any attempt to destroy militarily Iran 's nuclear potential could entangle Israel in a prolonged and exhausting struggle that might unite all the enemies of the Jewish state .
On the other hand , peace between Israel and the Palestinians might neutralize the poison of Iranian hatred and break the hallucinatory political mechanism that identifies Israel with absolute evil -- the `` small Satan '' that should be annihilated at all cost .
But many of the released prisoners will be transferred to the Gaza Strip , a territory that is completely separate from Israel , where they might join Hamas 's militant forces but will not be able to execute terrorist attacks against Israel .
Finally , a gleam of hope might arise from necessity .
Moreover , Kim 's health problems might have worsened much faster than outsiders guess , further complicating matters .
And , at a time of domestic hardship and diplomatic isolation , North Korea 's leaders , their confidence boosted by their possession of nuclear weapons , might try to distract their public through audacious , and possibly destructive , acts abroad .
That authority should allow the Fund to inspect even the world 's mightiest economies , the US and China .
In the summit 's joint declaration and the three leaders ' remarks at the concluding press conference , one can see China 's clear intention to improve bilateral relations with Japan by promising cooperation on the issue of Japanese imports that might be contaminated by radiation from Fukushima .
A strengthening dollar would worsen the US trade balance , but a weakening dollar could cause panic in capital markets , which might push up risk premia on dollar-denominated assets , including US government securities , in turn leading to an economic slowdown and a further weakening of the dollar .
In that case , the UK might no longer grow at 2.75 % annually , but say at closer to 2 % .
Yet skeptics might say : must we really add yet another set of letters to the alphabet soup of global bureaucracy ? My answer is yes .
Farmers , for example , might choose crops and growing patterns based on knowledge from earth observations .
In an economic slowdown , the country 's severe crime problem might only worsen ; so might unemployment , which already tops 20 % in the formal economy .
Yet California 's technological and entrepreneurial might -- standing alone , the state would be the world 's eighth largest economy -- coexists with a dysfunctional political system that has brought it to the edge of fiscal bankruptcy .
If North Korea fails to restrain itself , and China 's approach remains tantamount to coddling a dangerous , nuclear-armed state , strategic rivalry across East Asia might revive around a Washington-Tokyo-Seoul axis vis-à-vis a China-North Korea coalition .
We believe that the increased availability of medications that have been approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder might be influencing clinicians who are unsure whether or not a patient has bipolar disorder or borderline personality disorder to err on the side of diagnosing the disorder that is responsive to medication .
First of all , even for someone with the best incentives , it is difficult to choose a smaller cost that must be paid now over a larger cost that might fall due in the future .
The goal would not be to rescue banks and their creditors , but to minimize the disruption that an uncontrolled default might cause .
And how compromised might French and German banks become -- and thus how much more fiscal strain is in store for France and Germany ?
As with CDOs , however , this might be a Pyrrhic victory .
While some of the criticism might have merit , what gives politicians the moral authority to criticize ?
CHICAGO -- The launch of two European antitrust investigations into the market for credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- might appear to be no more than a political vendetta against one of the alleged culprits behind the 2010 European sovereign-debt crisis .
In fact , the ideological bias of Europeans against CDS might be beneficial in the long term for the development of a better market for CDS , and for derivatives in general .
And , regardless of whatever political motivations might lie behind the latest investigations , this market concentration is a real problem .
