On the contrary , by nurturing the current environment of instability and uncertainty , Musharraf himself must be regarded as one of Pakistan 's biggest problems .
And , while the new government settles in and establishes its priorities , the West , especially the United States , must reassess the impact of its past dealings with Pakistan .
Pakistan must take this view seriously , regardless of Bush 's motivations .
Musharraf must assess what will be his legacy .
Even while demanding strong action against JuD , India must recognize that Pakistan is itself a victim of terror .
Militants of all stripes must be decommissioned completely and transparently .
But the army must accept its subservience to Pakistan 's political leadership .
The army command must finally recognize that repeated military interventions have not served the country well .
This time , as the Afghan Taliban are expelled from Pakistan , NATO and Afghan forces must be ready to take them on .
But here , regional politics must be taken into account , especially the continuing rivalry between India and Pakistan .
Pakistan must be able to focus internally on its future .
Nonetheless , if the Americans win in Iraq -- which they must in order to maintain their global credibility as a superpower -- their relations with their new Syrian neighbors will not be easy .
Considering the evidence on display in Iraq , Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of thinking in these terms .
Almost 2,000 children in Gaza have dropped out of school in the last five months . Those who remain must share tattered textbooks and do without crucial resources .
But , while UNICEF is doing all it can to comfort those in the midst of Gaza 's madness , only political leaders can bring the dreadful nightmare to an end . It is time for new engagement . The siege must be lifted .
Palestinian and Israeli children deserve to grow up in peace . And leaders on both sides , supported by the international community , must join in the kind of honest dialogue that is the only viable path toward achieving it .
Only governments that are chronically unable to finance their outlays with domestic taxes or domestic debt must keep borrowing large sums abroad .
It is unlikely that the Kremlin would attempt another military intervention in Kosovo -LRB- their effort in 1999 to land troops at Pristina airport was a fiasco -RRB- , but it has a range of options that must give the West pause .
But they must also continue to try to preempt confrontation with Russia on all fronts .
Resolution 1244 does not state that Kosovo must remain under Serb sovereignty , as Russia and Serbia insist , nor does it preclude independence .
The world must make clear that Russian military involvement in Abkhazia is unacceptable , while also restraining Georgia 's government from reacting militarily to any provocation .
Any new leader must spur the economy , enforce the rule of law , fight corruption , unify the PA 's security agencies , and preserve public safety -- and he must do so quickly or lose authority .
Israel must freeze its settlement activity in the West Bank and stop constructing its barrier wall on Palestinian territories .
Israel must also free Palestinian prisoners , remove all checkpoints between Palestinian villages and town , and redeploy its forces to positions held prior to September 28 , 2000 , in accordance with phase I of the Road Map .
These are not problems that can await resolution . Someone must decide soon , for example , about the division of the land and the apartments to be built in what is already known as `` Khalifa bin Zaid City , '' located on a former Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip .
Under Palestinian law , Mahmoud Abbas , the Palestinian president , must now ask Hamas to form a new government .
But efforts to re-start the peace process now confront a stark new reality : two mutually hostile Palestinian entities in Hamas-ruled Gaza and the Fatah-led West Bank must now be factored into the process .
Hamas must withdraw its armed men from all security headquarters they occupied , return power to the legitimate authority , and apologize to the Palestinian people .
If Fatah is to become a viable partner for peace and regain its grassroots support , it must reform itself and end the widespread corruption that has undermined its reputation .
Abbas must also share power with more disciplined , younger leaders .
Any strategy for raising living standards must include urgent measures that address AIDS , TB and malaria .
The Promise of Euro-Atlantic Missile Defense BRUSSELS -- The new strategic arms reduction treaty -LRB- START -RRB- that Russian President Dmitri Medvedev and US President Barack Obama just signed in Prague is an historic achievement , and an inspiration for further progress in global arms control . But at the same time , here and now , we must also prepare to defend against another , less encouraging trend .
Proliferators must know that the NATO allies are unwavering in their commitment to collective defense , including nuclear deterrence .
But , to my mind , a joint security architecture must move beyond blueprints .
But Russia also must decide to view missile defense as an opportunity , rather than a threat .
`` I have an important political mission , '' Eduardo Amadeo said on being appointed Argentina 's ambassador to Washington . `` I must explain our transition . ''
In short , Argentina 's economy must open up or risk shutting down .
So there must be other differences .
If Europe wants to work less , it must be extraordinarily productive when it does work if it is to keep up with the hard-working Americans .
If Europe wants to play a more active role in international affairs it must become a military power : the US spends about 4 % of its GDP more than Europe for military purposes .
If the poor remain poor , Americans conclude , it must be because they are lazy .
The lesson for new member countries from the East is clear : once you are in the Union , the outside pressure to reform decreases : the impetus to reform must be found at home .
Europe , like America - indeed , like the entire capitalist world - must now become more hawkish in demanding prosecution and punishment of bosses who loot their companies .
In many developing countries , weak regulators and a widespread perception of corruption often stand in the way of pro-market reforms ; the left -LRB- populist or otherwise -RRB- can credibly argue that capitalism is `` corrupt '' and so must be taken under the wing of the government .
Then foregoing landing fees is tantamount to giving Ryanair state aid - the presumption being that the lost revenue must be coming at the expense of Belgian taxpayers .
Our answer is that there should be a presumption that state aid to any industry or specific company must be subject to prohibition .
Income taxes certainly must affect willingness to work .
But even this is not a sufficient explanation , because studies of how the supply of labor responds to tax changes suggest that something else must explain the enormous gap between US and Europe , especially France and Germany .
Even slowing the economy is hard : lacking an efficient financial system , credit growth must be controlled directly through banks .
This , together with the rule that all decisions , even in the area of state aid , must be approved by a majority of Commissioners , suggests that the Commission is set to become much more lenient on state aid and competition policy .
So health reform or even partial pension reform must wait a few years .
So a second condition must be applied : in such cases aid flow should be kept completely out of public channels and administered by non-local groups un-associated with local elites and governments .
If raising income taxes to the standard of industrial economies is impossible , then you must accept a lower level of public services : hence his radical privatization program of the early 1990 's , hence his assault on public sector employees and their European-style salaries and benefits .
Everyone must compromise , but they must also see their own hopes and concerns reflected in a final text .
But we must not only dare , we are obliged to speak .
We must not be silent about the daily attacks in France against Jews and synagogues .
We must `` confront the new Nazi plague which is nesting in Israel , '' wrote a Syrian paper as Palestinian TV portrays Israeli soldiers as rapists and cold-blooded murderers .
What we must remember about anti-Semitism is that , although it always starts with Jews , it never stops with Jews .
You must believe in official information , Blix implied .
But to prevent North Korea from realizing a fait accompli in its pursuit of nuclear weapons , China must do more than mediate between North Korea and the US , the role it has so far played .
Instead , it must now prompt North Korea to halt its nuclear development activities and return to the six-party talks with America , Japan , China , Russia , and South Korea that broke up weeks ago .
It must be clear by now that Pyongyang is determined to keep its nuclear weapons program in order to obtain a credible assurance from the US that its bizarre and repressive regime will be allowed to survive .
America 's unilateral announcement has fuelled rumors to the effect that withdrawal must have something to do with the rising tide of anti-Americanism in South Korea , and especially with the country 's reluctance and delay in dispatching an additional 3,600 of its own soldiers to Iraq .
Specific negotiations on withdrawing American troops from Korea or on redeploying them from the DMZ to south of Seoul must be carried out according to these principles .
In so doing , America must treat South Korea as a full partner with its own voice in making decisions that affect its security interests .
For this reason , America and South Korea must restore a strategic vision for the future .
It is nonetheless obvious from the very nature of accession negotiations that full membership must be the goal .
Negotiations therefore must begin on October 3 .
To top it off , Turkey must reach some agreement with its closest ally , the US , if it moves against Iraq .
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
They realize that religious freedom must be championed for all .
Their predicament , too , must be reflected in any calculation of Iraq 's security conditions .
For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estrada 's action-comedy movies of the 1960 's ever mustered .
But neither Luzhkov , nor whoever may replace him , must worry about voter approval , as the Kremlin appoints Moscow 's mayor , rather than allowing for free and fair elections -- a practice instituted a few years back by then-President Vladimir Putin for all such important positions across Russia .
Mountains of detail obscure problems ; sterile , misleading national discussions that pit `` Euroskeptics '' against `` Europhiles '' muster sound and fury but clarify nothing .
Iranian experts argue that , in considering the trade-off between internal unrest and external sanctions , the Iranian government must choose between domestic security and international security .
Large parts of Africa need support , and Europe can and must lend a hand .
The European project has been built on values that we deem to be universal , and we must make a very real effort to uphold them , not only as a moral imperative , but also because it is in our strategic interest .
The EU 's members must above all recognize that Africa 's ills have to be dealt with by Africans .
It is the knowledge , understanding , and mutual respect that remain , and that are the cornerstones on which Europe 's policy for Africa must be built .
In a potentially more volatile twenty-first century global economy , we must reap the maximum benefits of economic integration in terms of growth and jobs .
Leaders must start living up to the responsibilities that come with sharing a single currency .
They must recognize the impact that national economic policies have on the euro area as a whole , and thus discuss and coordinate economic programs at the euro-area level .
This must now be followed by closer budgetary monitoring , particularly given that fiscal stimulus measures , the economic downturn , and bank rescue plans will take a toll on public finances .
The Stability and Growth Pact must remain the cornerstone of the EU 's budgetary framework , and effective surveillance and peer support will be vital to help member states work towards balanced budgets once the economy rebounds .
Finally , euro-area nations must strive harder to find common positions on international issues and to speak with a single voice in the global arena .
A decade after the euro 's introduction , we must follow the example of its founders and turn crisis into opportunity by uniting in a spirit of cooperation and ambition -- and thereby reinforce the EMU 's foundations .
Competitive devaluation , which skeptics are calling for , must be avoided this time around .
We must all consider what responsibilities we are willingly ready to accept , and then discuss our answers with others .
The goal must be to promote effective cancer control that is integrated into national health-care systems throughout the developing world .
Two other temptations must also be resisted .
Instead , Europeans must assume a fairer share of the transatlantic burden , putting in place a truly common European foreign policy , and think and act as a regional power with a global outreach .
If divisive decisions must be taken , healthy partnership requires that they be discussed openly and honestly .
If Europeans want to have some influence here , they must play a unitary role by , say , encouraging America to update the ABM Treaty in agreement with Moscow .
The WTO , but also the IMF and World Bank , must understand the evolving needs of those societies most vulnerable to the impact of globalization .
Such theoretical objections must be set against the fact Europe already exists - indeed , decisions are made everyday on the European level which determine our lives .
If it confuses them , how befuddling must it be for ordinary citizens ?
Europe must be more than a vehicle of economic integration , which is almost accomplished anyway .
The lesson to be drawn is that the EU must move more quickly and with greater determination than has been the case so far .
The global nature of the current crisis makes it plain that Europe must be able to decide quickly and coherently , or suffer adverse consequences .
As Arabs confront far-reaching change , they must not be distracted into fruitless debates about the right types of government support for citizens .
For the sake of Egyptians and people living under tyranny everywhere , Egypt 's government must take a brave stand .
Yet it must also press for Gazprom 's ultimate restructuring and real market entry into Russia for European companies , because Russia 's unwillingness to do so guarantees energy insecurity for Europe .
The lights must not go out across Europe .
Brussels must demand transparency , symmetry , and the rule of law from Moscow , with the goal being a revolutionary integration of European and Russian energy markets .
Moreover , adding defense to the informal acquis that would-be EU members must endorse will reduce pressure on NATO to enlarge .
To complete that objective , the EU must become a fully-fledged international actor .
Authority to build coalitions , push governments to fulfill deadlines , generate support or take the blame for failure must come from that traditional source of leadership , the nation state .
Because no single EU state can provide the dominant leadership America provided NATO during the Cold War , Britain , France , and Germany must assume this role in Europe .
So Britain , France , and Germany must start thinking of the EU as a whole , carrying the greatest burden and taking the greatest risks .
If the Pittsburgh summit is not to be an anticlimactic end to the G-20 's ascendancy as a forum for decisive action , the momentum generated must be maintained .
Nigeria must not let it be used as a tyrant 's shield .
We must also attract foreign investment , despite the difficulties facing Europe , the US , and Japan .
There are warning signs that more must be done , because economic stability does n't automatically produce dynamism .
Increasingly , we must recognize that our borders are not fortress walls .
Fortunately , many countries in this part of the world have recognized that regional welfare must be addressed as a regional challenge .
We must choose between various good ideas , however difficult this may be .
In today 's world , they must be low enough for us to shake our neighbor 's hand , understand his problems as we do our own , and find feasible solutions .
They must be built with the knowledge that no fence , wall , or even an ocean or a continent can truly divide us from the problems of others .
Recently , the discovery of mustard gas canisters left behind by Japanese forces during World War II has also served to keep memories of the Imperial Japanese Army 's wartime conduct alive among older Chinese .
Powerful supporters defend him , using any underhanded means they can muster .
But citizens and the state must also face the truth and bring human rights abusers to justice if people are to live honestly in their society and in history .
Despite government propaganda , the region 's people must remember that Russians are not superior to Georgians , Georgians to Ossetians or Abkhazians , and so on . We need to stop these territorial battles based on national pride and desire to control and rule .
Saakashvili must be pressured to abandon his effort to wield full control over Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
At the same time , the Russian government must be pressured to pull out of the Caucasus and let people there decide their future for themselves .
The Chinese consumer has been held back for too long , and now must be put front and center in China 's growth model .
As the KGB culprits keep quiet , the President must do most of the talking , exposing himself further .
If Putin wants to save his own skin , he must act fast and sack his top KGB aides in the Kremlin and the Prosecutor General .
Chechen policy must be revisited .
He can probably do so , but will need to undertake a complete U-turn . He must sack his top KGB friends and hapless Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov .
He must also settle the Yukos affair and change his Chechen policy .
Fortunately for Ukraine , its business is private , and a common view of the whole business community is that the electoral rerun must be conclusive .
Fortunately , Yushchenko 's camp is painfully aware that time is short and that they must act fast .
Ukraine has a great opportunity , but its leaders must act radically to exploit it .
The NBU 's leadership understands that it must act to contain inflation , but its insistence on the dollar peg ties their hands , because it prevents them from raising interest rates sufficiently .
Ukraine 's well-being must not be sacrificed to his political ambitions .
A choir of prominent American economists , including Paul Krugman , Kenneth Rogoff , and Nouriel Roubini , claimed that Latvia , Estonia , and Lithuania must also devalue .
Excessive fiscal deficits in many Western countries must be reduced .
The EU also needs to put meat on the bones of its new Neighborhood Policy , while NATO must apply new mechanisms for strengthening ties with the region .
Recent events in Georgia remind us that resolving the region 's `` frozen conflicts '' - i.e. , those in the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , of Transdneistria in Moldova , and Nagorno-Karabakh in Azerbaijan - must be a priority .
Developing a new Euro-Atlantic strategy for the Black Sea region must start with the democracies of North America and Europe recognizing their moral and political stake in the outcome .
So the Syrian leadership knows that it must respond -- hence the half-hearted reform agenda that it recently outlined .
The solutions to Syria 's problems must be as substantive as the problems are serious .
The regime must appreciate that , despite its best efforts , Syrians have been watching events in the region with as much interest as the rest of the world .
The international community 's goal must be to persuade neighboring countries to halt their brazen , unwarranted attacks on parts of Syrian society .
In particular , the US , which has significant influence in Saudi Arabia , must act to stop attacks by that country 's extremists on Syria 's religious minorities - attacks motivated merely by a desire to provoke sectarian conflict .
Likewise , efforts to weaken Iran 's disruptive influence in the region must be maintained , while Turkey 's regional ambitions must be kept in mind .
Optimism about the Syrian people 's future must be tempered by realism about the challenges facing Syria 's opposition movement and the international community alike .
Instead , political leaders must use these windfalls to invest in innovation , promote sustainable businesses , and encourage new patterns of decent , long-lasting employment .
The international community 's over-arching concern must be to seal a serious and significant deal at the United Nations climate summit in Copenhagen in December to curtail C02 emissions and assist vulnerable countries to adapt .
If the world also is to deploy all available means to combat climate change , emissions of all substances that contribute to it must be scientifically evaluated and urgently addressed .
So if governments want existing agreements to rule the waves , they must start acting on the sobering science and real-world numbers .
Where fisheries agreements are not succeeding , conservation agreements must be tried and applied .
Governments that support the ICCAT option must now prove that it is up to the job .
In the Shi'a south , still reeling from the brutal suppression of the ill-fated 1991 rebellion , contacts must be created and networks established .
Iraq 's neighbors - Saudi Arabia in the south and Turkey in the north - must be reassured that Shi'a and Kurdish rebellion will not result in the dismantling of Iraq and a change of borders : both countries have legitimate concerns regarding this issue .
On the other hand , the cozy relationship that now exists between Jordan and Saddam must be addressed , with all sensitivity to Jordan 's dilemmas .
The Iraqi politico-military elite must be both targeted and approached .
It must certainly be committed to a foreign and internal policy not based on terrorism and thuggery and a Saddam-like quest for weapons of mass destruction .
Anyone who now claims that the 1948 Palestinian refugees have a claim , in principle , to return to Israel , must confront the question : should the millions of Germans expelled from Eastern Europe after 1945 also have the same right of return to their lost homes ?
America 's mounting difficulties in setting up a coherent form of government in Iraq , let alone a democratic one , inspire a question that most statesmen consider unthinkable : is it possible that there is no way to re-constitute Iraq as one state , and that alternative options must be considered , unpalatable as they may appear ?
They must have focused people 's minds on their own stunted political conditions . If the Palestinians , under Israeli occupation , can choose their own leaders , why ca n't the same happen in Cairo or Damascus , in Ryadh or Algiers ?
To be sure , the new Palestinian Authority -LRB- PA -RRB- took power under difficult conditions , but which new liberation movement does not face serious challenges when it finally must govern ?
Hence , Israel must start deciding the future boundaries of the country unilaterally , hoping for eventual negotiations at a later stage .
Hamas must recognize Israel 's right to exist , stop all terrorist activities , and commit itself to carry out all previous international agreements signed by the Palestinian Authority .
They will be wrong . Nonetheless , political trials -LRB- and war crime trials are always political trials -RRB- must not only punish , but also teach .
The process must also include real disarmament to ensure that Afghans do not fall prey to a continuing cycle of violence , and that the Afghan state establishes genuine control of security .
As they contemplate the end of their military operations , NATO members must support a political process if they truly want to stabilize Afghanistan .
Today , however , these countries ' cities must contend with economic and social issues that are more acute , more urgent , and of a vastly larger scale than those that confronted European and American cities in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
Emerging-market governments must address critical issues arising from weak coordination within , and between , national and municipal governments on health and health-care policies and programs .
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
Second , beyond strengthening economic institutions , EU countries must accelerate structural reforms to boost their long-run growth prospects and facilitate their smooth adjustment to shocks .
Thus , fiscal reform should focus on reducing the growth of spending commitments , which -- given the aging of EU societies -- must include raising the retirement age .
This must be done in a ultra-high vacuum in a large chamber .
Values must be the road that leads to what can not be reached by markets and institutions alone - the accession of Europe 's citizens to the European Union .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
Asia must leapfrog the unsustainable stage of development .
You may not believe in Marxism , but you must believe in `` advanced culture . ''
If Norway is to avoid succumbing to the Dutch disease , there can be only one solution . With the importance of the tradeables sector dwindling away , the nontradeables sector must increase its productivity and output .
There is only one main way that the necessary productivity and outcome gains can be achieved : excess demand in the public sector must be shifted elsewhere .
From the turmoil in the 1920 's , following administrative reforms , to labor protests in the 1950 's , the country is accustomed to agitation . As a result , factional strife is unlikely to panic the rulers and is even less likely to persuade them that the king must abdicate to save the country .
To maintain that support , however , opposition leaders must ensure that they can respond to their constituents ' demands .
A false dichotomy is created in which Muslims must choose between a Western and European identity or a supposedly separate Islamic identity .
We must redouble our efforts to reach out in local communities and demonstrate the realities of our faith .
Londoners ' collective message after 7\/7 was decisive , and it must be Europe 's message as well : we will not allow such atrocities to divide us .
Although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue , they are talking at cross-purposes : the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals , while China says that it will discuss only the Dalai Lama 's `` personal status '' -- where he would live in Beijing should he return to China .
Finally , the international finance community , despite its current problems , must be mobilized .
But Europe can not build up its own agriculture to the detriment of the less fortunate . So the EU must harmonize its policies with poorer countries .
But Europe 's focus must be on encouraging the development of local agriculture . Doing so is the only way to achieve greater global food security and reduce poverty .
Policymakers must recognize , moreover , that food insecurity is linked to the lasting effects of the economic crisis and ongoing climate change , and that it represents no less a threat to our global community .
Many of our countries are targets of terrorism , which , eight years on from the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , we must recognize is down , but by no means out .
Many of our countries are targets of terrorism , which eight years on from 9\/11 , we must recognize is down , but by no means out .
Indeed , there is a worrying aspect to the new plans : they must tread a narrow path between reckless freedom for financial institutions , which contributed to the recent global financial crisis , and over-caution , which can suffocate innovation and create inefficiencies .
Economies where entrepreneurs now flourish must not become complacent .
For such a mechanism to work well , it must link the number of assignments won by raters , and thus their compensation , to appropriate measures of their performance .
For such disclosure to be effective , it must include robust rules with respect to political spending via intermediaries .
For example , shareholders could direct that the corporation may not spend funds for certain types of political purposes , or that it must follow certain principles in allocating whatever budget is authorized .
Either way , the true value of banks ' toxic assets must be estimated before concluding that banks are armed with sufficient capital to carry out their critical roles .
Indeed , one key lesson of the financial crisis is that an overhaul of executive compensation must be high on the policy agenda .
A thorough overhaul of compensation structures must be an important element of the new financial order .
In the post-crisis financial order , governments must take on the role of monitoring and regulating pay in financial firms ; otherwise , the perverse incentives that contributed to the current crisis could easily recur .
Clearly not , because shareholders do not bear the full costs of a firm 's collapse , and , as the recent crisis demonstrates , the bill for such a downfall must be picked up , at least in part , by taxpayers and the economy .
Financial firms opposed to pay regulation will likely warn against `` micro-managing '' compensation , and argue that compensation choices must take into account information about each individual manager that regulators are almost certain to lack .
In our recent research , we studied the distribution of pay among top executives in publicly traded companies in the United States . Such firms must disclose publicly the compensation packages of their five highest-paid executives .
`` We must sharpen our teeth , '' Pan Yue , SEPA 's deputy director , said when the agency halted the dam projects .
First and foremost , West European leaders must ensure that the crisis is resolved at the core , and many observers doubt that they have done enough .
Second , they must prevent the crisis measures already taken from discriminating against subsidiaries in Central and Eastern Europe , independently of whether they are within or outside the European Union .
Third , they must combine forces , as in Hungary , with international financial institutions in supporting these economies .
But , for Brown 's policy to succeed , it must promote social change and political reform in the Arab world .
The last of the revolutionary generation , President Abdulaziz Buteflika must still conceive a succession that ends his country 's civil war .
Those in the Muslim world who want to embrace reform must be driven by the conviction that theocracy has never served as a vehicle for human progress .
For the Alliance of Civilizations to have any chance of success , the emphasis must be on reciprocity .
Tolerance and religious freedom must be mutual .
Islam 's part in the deal must include a guarantee of human rights and civil liberties , improvement in women 's status , and realistic policies to stem the Islamic world 's demographic explosion .
But Arabs and Muslims must stop deluding themselves that the Israel-Palestine dispute is what is holding them back .
The same tools must be used to end the conflict with the Arab world , in particular with the Palestinians .
Almost four years after it was first launched , neither of the parties has managed to muster the political will necessary to implement its primary provisions .
It is the `` moderates '' who must now adapt their policies .
The international community must recognize that the Middle East security equation is not a simple linear one involving Israel versus the Arab world .
The magnitude of this agenda must be seen against the region 's depressing legacy . The entire region is going through a dangerous process of `` Somaliazation , '' with an expanding chain of non-state agents , mostly radical Islamist groups , challenging the idea of the state almost everywhere .
Europe , as Denis de Rougemont put it in 1946 , is `` la patrie de la memoire , '' a tormenting and tormented memory , one must admit .
So the Israelis now must reckon with an entirely new phenomenon : an asymmetric entity , Hezbollah , with nation-state firepower .
More importantly , the Palestinian leadership must reshape and reunite its polity to face the challenge of statehood .
Though President Camara eventually succumbed to pressure and declared elections for the coming fall , he has a valid point in insisting that he first must secure stability so that elections do not become a mere prelude to civil strife .
Any sober Palestinian leadership must know by now that the rhetorical promise of a return to an abandoned house and to the olive tree is an irresponsible mirage that fundamentally contradicts the rationale for a separate Palestinian state .
The Palestinians must align their national conversation with what is realizable , while Israel must resolve its own contradictions and address the refugee problem in a way that secures the legitimacy and durability of a future peace agreement with the Palestinians .
Beyond the additional troops , President Obama must strive for an inclusive settlement in Afghanistan .
Such is NATO 's interest in Israel that Patrick Hardouin , a high official at the Political Affairs and Security Policy Department of the Alliance , made it explicit in 2006 , saying that `` the ups and downs of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict must not limit Israel-NATO cooperation . ''
The impossible deadlines , the always ambiguous information the president is fed , and the complex choices that he must make are too frequently bound to clash with political constraints and the resistance to change of both allies and foes .
But it must supersede the exclusivist attitudes held by many members of its political class , particularly given that much of its economic growth in recent years reflects the contribution of Haitian immigration .
It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that Netanyahu finally calculated that if he wants more room to maneuver to deal with Iran , he must participate in the peace process with the Palestinians .
But , to avoid a cataclysm , the US and its allies must defuse the bomb by enforcing the provisions of the 2005 CPA , which they all endorsed .
Moreover , should Abbas fail to muster the support of the United States and Europe , Netanyahu might feel free to cancel existing agreements and engage in unilateral steps of his own .
In their admirable march to civil liberty , the Arab peoples must face a preliminary test of any democracy , however incipient : assuming responsibility for the consequences of one 's decisions .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
Of course , a great leader must always have a sense of history .
America , `` Y '' argues , must first put its own house in order if it is to recover credible global influence as a beacon of prosperity and justice .
For Israel , recovering Shalit was its way to uphold an ethos of unity in times of war , and to fulfill the army 's promise to its conscripts -LRB- and their families -RRB- that no soldier , dead or alive , would ever be left behind . The message was that Israel must remain mobilized and alert in a hostile environment , and that its survival depends on the cohesion of its citizens ' army , as well as on solidarity with those sent into battle .
For the building blocks of a renewed peace process to be sustainable , an international force must be deployed along Gaza 's border with Egypt to prevent the constant smuggling of weapons and isolate the conflict .
Simultaneously , the international community must help make the unity government work by recognizing Hamas ' right to govern in exchange for a performance-based stability plan .
Moreover , NATO benefits from the military might of a dominant nation , while the EU must depend on the shared voluntary efforts of its members .
Political solidarity must be underpinned by effective financial solidarity .
The man , now sitting next to me , explains with a bit of understatement , `` Of course I must continue to have faith in the Chinese legal system , although I must admit that this incident has somewhat dampened my optimism . ''
The government is fortunate to have my lawyer friend 's faith in the legal system , but now it must earn ordinary citizens ' trust by enacting reforms .
Instead , people must be persuaded to accept such authority , giving rise to something like a religious market .
Barring that , in an age when religions must persuade , they must still `` proselytize '' within the community -- pointing out the truth , the values , and the beauty of the tradition -- even if they refrain from doing so outside it .
The countries currently holding out -- within Europe primarily the UK &#45; &#45; must be made to understand that the alternative to a EU-wide solution is a radical increase in host country regulation .
Without sufficient progress in that direction , however , host countries must be provided greater protection .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
The countries of emerging Europe must go through a similar bout of introspection , but the fact that they were saved from worst-case scenarios seems to make it more difficult to launch this process .
Eurozone leaders must now aim to preserve not only the single currency , but also the gains from financial integration in Europe .
Yet , despite valiant attempts by the new European Banking Authority to mandate and coordinate the measures that are needed , a European solution must take account of the network of foreign subsidiaries across Europe .
Authorities from these banks ' home and host countries must sit down together .
In responding to the higher capital requirements imposed by authorities , and choosing whether to raise more capital or sell off assets , the banks must take into account the important role that their subsidiaries play in many countries .
Home countries must also contribute .
Subsidiaries ' host countries , for their part , must reassure parent banks that financial regulation will remain predictable .
It must ensure that national interests do not undermine the integrity of the cross-border bank groups .
Any sustainable solution to the crisis must ensure the integrity of the bank groups and respect the interests of these banks ' home and host countries .
So an invasion might have led to the death of 80 million Americans and the obliteration of Cuba simply because Kennedy 's government did not have the facts right -LRB- which is often more common than not when the executive must take a solitary decision . -RRB-
To achieve this level of dexterity in handling languages by computer algorithms , an ontology must be built .
Whatever decisions are taken , it is also clear that preparatory work must begin as soon as possible , and at least before the end of the year .
Time and again Moscow has thundered that Nato 's first eastward enlargement must be its last .
Nato must either say `` Yes '' or `` No '' to the Baltic states .
-LRB- To be precise , Nato must treat the applications of all three Baltic countries together .
If Nato says `` Yes '' to the Baltics , it must make both Moscow and the Baltic three understand that enlargement is meant to increase stability along Russia 's western border , not threaten Russia .
Both must be done before any new enlargement is announced .
Russia must be persuaded to confirm -- explicitly and formally -- the right of the Baltics , on their own , to choose their allies .
Moreover , at the next Summit following Prague , the Baltics must be at any rate be granted what , in view of their history , they have every right to demand : to be part of a stability alliance that is a matter of course for western democracies .
If they wish to stay the course in the struggle against international terrorism , European leaders must take a leaf or two from Blair 's book .
The fight against Al Qaeda continues and must continue .
Therefore , those wanting to stop the slide into an unnecessary and risky war must make their own argument about credibility .
Yet big and small alike must realize that their current disposition implies the slow suffocation of Europe 's most exciting and successful experiment in bringing peace and prosperity to the old continent .
One can only hope that this recognition will serve as her guidepost when tough decisions must be made and changes in style alone will not be enough .
This is an important issue , to be sure , but the real question concerns the changes that Israel must undertake in exchange for this force being put in place and assuming the risk of such a mission .
So far , the only lesson Israel seems to have drawn from its failed strategies is that it must extend and intensify the use of unilateral force : re-invade Gaza , devastate Lebanon , and threaten Syria and , by implication , Iran , which the Israeli government hints , had a hand in orchestrating the recent crisis .
So the prior condition for setting up and joining an international force for Southern Lebanon must be that Israel renews its commitment to the `` road map '' and negotiations with the Palestinians for a viable Palestinian state .
With this aim in mind , it must enter into talks with democratically elected Palestinian representatives .
Instead of making a halt to uranium enrichment the be-all and end-all of their effort , their central objective should be to subject the Iranian activities to as much verification as possible : if Iran wants to enrich , so be it , but it must accept intrusive international inspections .
King must now be a worried man .
Simply put , in order to anchor inflation expectations effectively , inflation targets must be realistic .
They therefore argue for leveling the playing field -- i.e. , that the costs for their rivals in poor countries must be raised by imposing the same labor standards that exist in rich countries .
Because of the financial crisis , many politicians have accepted the argument , in a virtual throwback to Adam Smith , that financial services are unproductive -- even counterproductive -- and need to be scaled back by governmental intervention . It is then inferred that this means that manufactures must be expanded .
This makes it harder for companies to get governmental support to hire skilled immigrants with H1 -LRB- b -RRB- visas : they must first show that they have not laid off or plan to lay off American workers in similar occupations .
The attempt by some NGOs and activists to impose a straitjacket on CSR , reflecting their priorities , is misguided and must be rejected .
Finally , China 's growth must continue to depend on its exploitation of external markets , which makes it vulnerable in a world that is increasingly making democracy and human rights a central preoccupation .
Governments that guarantee bank liabilities , however , must then also demand that bankers exercise more prudence than they might on their own .
Bank lending and regulation , by contrast , must incorporate local knowledge , because , in a dynamic , unregimented economy , each borrower , loan , and bank is different -LRB- though some general guidelines can help -RRB- .
And because stockholders or raiders ca n't force streamlining , governments must require these banks to shed activities that no one can manage or regulate and stick to hands-on case-by-case lending .
Today 's crisis in transatlantic relations , and our accidental involvement in it as part of Donald Rumsfeld 's `` New Europe , '' means that Poland -LRB- like every other European state -RRB- must now decide what it really wants from the EU and NATO .
We must consider both our attitude to global problems that were once deemed peripheral to European interests , as well what it really means to be an EU partner .
That consensus must include the US .
September 1939 taught every Pole that military power must be real to be effective .
The rule of law must apply to all , and very few believe that any of the charges against Tymoshenko would stand the slightest chance of being upheld in a Western court .
Tymoshenko 's trial , and how she is treated by the Ukrainian authorities , must not only be fair , but also must be seen to be fair .
Determined reform policies could overcome these obstacles ; but , if Ukraine wants to proceed on the EU path , it must understand that the rule of law is a precondition for substantial integration .
Yanukovich 's government must take stock of its behavior .
Antioxidants , which are believed to help protect us against both cancer and heart disease , are one such element that must import into our bodies .
For years , the emphasis has rightly been on persuading people that there must be sufficient `` will '' to tackle climate change .
Much significant progress has already been made ; now we must consolidate our gains .
As foreign aid stands to suffer from cutbacks around the world , we must remember that malaria is a `` natural disaster '' that is devastating communities every second of every day .
First , the measures put in place earlier to repair the financial system must be refined and consolidated .
Second , emerging market countries must get help in adjusting to the financial crisis .
Many investors who want out will not return for some time , and countries must accept this fact and adjust accordingly .
Third , governments must counteract the sharp drop in consumption and investment demand .
But the room for fiscal policy is wider , so governments must do two things urgently .
First , in countries in which there is fiscal space , they must announce credible fiscal expansions ; we -- the IMF -- believe that , as a whole , a global fiscal expansion about 2 % of world GDP is both feasible and appropriate .
Finally , and just as importantly , governments must indicate that , if conditions deteriorate , further fiscal expansion will be implemented .
Emerging markets are leading the recovery , but a number of them must contend with the risks of overheating and growing financial imbalances .
This is especially true in the advanced economies , where policymakers must address the issues more forcefully .
The fundamental feature that must distinguish the left and the right is not their respective views on the economy , but rather their stances regarding redistribution .
A clear commitment to the poor , the sick , and the unfortunate must be the message of the left .
And the means , however `` boring . '' must be appropriate to realizing this commitment : a combination of sustainable retirement systems , better designed unemployment benefit systems , negative income taxes , training programs , and the like . Only by employing the rhetoric of commitment to mobilize the troops while devoting careful attention to the center 's concern with methods can the left hope to return to power .
The depreciation is the price America must pay for past sins -- i.e. , a huge current account deficit that foreign investors are no longer willing to finance , at least not at the size of 4 % or more of US GDP .
But she must convincingly outline practical strategies to resolve South Korea 's most serious problems , including high unemployment , worsening educational performance , and North Korea 's nuclear weapons program .
If the G-20 is to play a serious role , it must broker a solution to this situation .
In challenging groups like Al Qaeda , they must understand that they are engaged in a war of ideas ; winning the hearts - and the lifestyles - of societies is the only way to win that battle .
The SGP 's fundamental problem is that it must strike a balance between two contradictory goals : it must retain bite against excessive debt accumulation , yet it must also give governments more maneuvering room to enact structural reforms and restore Europe 's competitiveness .
The US must establish dialogue with and services for these influential people in order to build a bridge to the tribesmen in the unsettled FATA areas .
In doing so , we must be aware that the solution to genital mutilation of women can not be limited to this issue alone .
Such a concerted action must go beyond the sacrosanct effort of providing the old women who practice female genital mutilation with another job or in finding symbolic or ritualistic substitutes to the act of cutting off a woman 's clitoris .
Their courage , expertise , dedication and resolve is encouraging , but we must not leave them to fight their fight alone .
While the UN should play a role in leading Iraq toward a free and democratic society , it must also change dramatically its own course in the war on drugs and lead the world to a saner policy .
Instead , we must recognize that prohibition , rather than curtailing use , generates crime , because it makes trading in illicit drugs a lucrative business .
As politicians everywhere remain loath to be seen as `` soft on drugs , '' something must be done to call attention to this remorseless failure .
Many regard the UN 's role as the guarantor of international law and legitimacy as self-evident , and now argue that its stature , undermined by the US-led invasion , must be quickly restored if the rule of law is to prevail internationally .
But to be a genuine locus of international legitimacy , the UN must become a different organization -- one secure in its own legitimacy and able to function without the endless delays , vetoes , indecisiveness , and unwillingness to ensure respect for its decisions .
We must modify not only the working mechanisms of the UN , but also its composition .
The UN must be re-founded on the basis of its original principles .
Thirty years of brutal dictatorship have destroyed the very concept of justice in Iraq . For justice must mean more than the cries of `` Death to Saddam '' that now echo in some quarters around the world .
Before elections can be freely and fairly held , huge efforts must be made to establish a truly open society in which all individuals and groups can express their political opinions .
In an era of growing concern about religious fundamentalism , liberal democratic institutions must reaffirm their role in protecting individual rights for all .
And , in order to enable the full enjoyment of our freedoms -- be they of worship or scientific research -- the state must reassert its secular nature .
Because of the serious threat that the illegal drug economy poses to stability and democracy in Afghanistan , we must start thinking in terms of regulated poppy growing for medical purposes , in particular for painkillers , with the active participation of donor countries and the UN itself .
Governments , international organizations and individuals that participate in the London conference must not dismiss the call made by the European Parliament , for it offers a far more workable strategy to promote Afghanistan 's future than the current counter-narcotics policies permit .
There is an important lesson in this for the EU at a time when it is seeking to become a global actor : we must reach an internal consensus while always bearing in mind what the external ramifications of our decision might be .
A second lesson that I learned is also useful for the EU , which finds itself in a world in which new powers are emerging and where all actors from Manila to Algiers , from Doha to Libreville , must deal with the challenges of globalization and interdependence on a daily basis .
The huge crisis now hitting the eurozone and the European Union must not be wasted .
It must be used to move Europe farther along the road of integration , lest the Union begin to reverse course .
The issue must be addressed , not ignored and criminalized .
To that we must add coordinated financial regulation and bailout policies , as deposits flow rapidly across borders in response to national guarantees and insurance in the euro zone .
Nevertheless , much tighter constraints , with serious and enforceable penalties , must be placed on permissible budget positions and their transparency if the euro is to survive .
The eurozone countries must first deal with the sovereign-debt crisis , reduce their fiscal deficits , and strengthen the woefully undercapitalized banking system .
The potential significance of these elections must be understood in the context not only of the recession and financial crisis , and the government interventions designed to deal with them , but also in the broader sweep of the historical evolution of these countries ' welfare states .
After mitigating the downturn , central bankers must withdraw the immense infusion of liquidity before inflation takes off , a tricky maneuver .
Any financial institution that is too big or too interconnected to fail , or could quickly become so , must be closely regulated and monitored for risk and capital adequacy in real time , or be broken up into smaller firms .
President George W. Bush spent years and billions of dollars pushing a hydrogen car . It got nowhere , and , while hydrogen may eventually become commercially viable for stationery sources , its use for transportation must still overcome some serious obstacles -LRB- including flammability and combustibility that is an order of magnitude greater than that of gasoline -RRB- .
Where localities try to offload support for the poor onto other localities , the central government must step in and either fund such programs directly or set minimum standards .
While all must first deal with the current emergency , sensible local fiscal , tax , and political reforms are vital to restore a balance of centralized and decentralized government .
That money must come from higher taxes , from eroding the real value of money balances and government debt through inflation , or from outright default and debt restructuring .
Can Europe promote fair play in international affairs , or must it accept a new game of great power rivalry as inevitable and throw itself into the fray ?
However , to ensure that the European whole is greater than the sum of its parts , and to guarantee fairness to all Union members , all EU states must work within the parameters of EU policy , as they have in the case of Ukraine .
As a last resort , the EU must even be prepared to rise to the military defense of the values and principles it believes are worth protecting .
If Europe is not prepared to take up arms when it must , then its appeals for fair play will sound to the rest of the world like mere posturing .
As it integrates into the world economy , it must seek to sustain growth while protecting the environment and reducing poverty and inequality .
This means that China must treat climate change and intelligent energy use as priorities in its national policies .
Beyond economics , China must reassure others that its awakening will not make the world tremble .
Thus , in formulating its policies , China must also sell those policies to a global audience .
If necessary , it must use its influence even more assertively to bring Pyongyang back to the negotiating table .
Obviously , that solution must be in line with Chinese proposals and interests : a denuclearized Korean peninsula , which has the support of the EU .
We must see environmental problems and energy scarcity for what they are : threats to mankind as a whole .
The goal now must be to unite the Dutch people .
The state must battle terrorism , public space must not be abandoned to extremists , and Islam in Europe must adapt to Europe .
At the same time , native Europeans must learn to accept that Islam may offer new vantage points on such moral issues as euthanasia , abortion , individuality , and solidarity .
If we want to build something better on the ruins of multicultural indifference , our dialogue must become more profound .
Prejudice must make way for empathy , and alienation for respect .
This mission must also reflect a new politics that does not accentuate differences , but helps shape a new sense of who `` we '' are .
What is precious must be preserved , and what enriches must be absorbed .
This process must begin in school .
Children must learn that they do not live in a monoculture , but in a pluralist society bound together by universal values and common laws .
They must learn that critical thought is valuable , and that doubt is healthy .
All of us must help turn Europe 's motto `` unity in diversity '' into a genuine guiding principle .
The bottom line : to find out how , when , and where assets will be allocated and wealth generated in dozens of countries across the developed and developing worlds these days , we must now look toward political , not financial , capitals .
And , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown agrees with Obama that the world 's leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can , Bank of England Governor Mervyn King has warned that Britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus .
Companies and investors exposed to risk in Europe must assume much more volatility in interest rates within the euro zone and increasingly uneven growth and inflation prospects .
The president must always be a Maronite Christian , the prime minister a Sunni , and the speaker of parliament a Shia .
Many Shia insist that the last vestiges of Saddam 's elite must be purged , but many Sunnis argue that the process is intended to bar them from good jobs and political influence .
But we must never overestimate the ability of new governments to solve old problems -- or underestimate the ingenuity and brutality of the old regimes .
The formation of a unity government is only the first of many hurdles Iraq 's new government must clear if it is to build a durable peace .
The committee must enact a new hydrocarbon law that guarantees each of Iraq 's factions a fair share of the country 's oil wealth , which accounts for 97 % of total export revenue .
Under the current constitution , local governments have the right to exploit -LRB- and profit directly from -RRB- oil extracted from new sites beneath their territory , while only a share of the income from existing sites must go to Iraq 's central government .
The constitution must also be amended to reverse the worst effects of a de-Baathification process that aimed to dismantle the vestiges of Saddam Hussein 's regime .
Finally , the Iraqi government must begin dismantling the militia groups that still outgun the fledgling Iraqi army , and it must defeat the largely Sunni-led insurgency .
Aware that he must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy , his cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties .
Laws guaranteeing a fair division of Iraqi oil profits must be drafted , and all factions must have confidence that what is agreed will be enforced .
Sunnis must be persuaded that neither their minority status nor former membership in Saddam Hussein 's Ba'ath Party will exclude them from political and economic life .
The court recently ruled that Nawaz Sharif , who Musharraf unseated eight years ago , must be allowed to return from exile .
But if Musharraf were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection .
She must build on her domestic support , but she can rely on economic and security cooperation with America to safeguard the country 's stability .
The G8 summit earlier this year focused on Africa and climate change because the two issues are linked : Africa is particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change and therefore must be supported to adapt to it .
However , in order to fulfill that promise , the industrialized world must give Africa a chance through the emerging international carbon market .
Europe , America , and the wider world must not stand idle if Ukraine 's rulers and oligarchs try to steal this election by any means at their disposal .
Europe and the US must address the corruption allegedly surrounding the Kuchma government and its efforts to maintain power by manipulating the choice of his successor .
But it must be made clear that regardless of Ukraine 's geopolitical importance , the West will not shy away from confronting it when democracy and fundamental human rights are threatened .
Employing a crude form of `` realism , '' which has traditionally viewed the state as the basic unit of political analysis , neo-conservatives portrayed al-Qaeda in terms of familiar enemies , namely fascism and communism , with backing from `` rogue '' states that must not be `` appeased . ''
We must do better .
Simply put , we must complete the global inventory of species .
So we must cease being ignorant and reactive , and become informed and proactive .
It must be comprehensive and ambitious , and it must set clear targets for emission reductions , adaptation , financing , and technology transfer .
In Poznan , developed and developing nations must find a shared vision of how this will work , striking a deal whereby rich countries lead by example in cutting emissions while providing the developing world with resources and know-how to ramp up their own climate change efforts .
Adaptation must be a vital part of the negotiations .
So must mitigation . In the cruel calculus of disasters , those least responsible for causing climate change will suffer first and worst from its inevitable effects .
Together , we must invest in the safest , surest option -- the green economy .
PARIS -- The unfolding `` currency war , '' which is likely to dominate discussions at the upcoming G-20 summit in Seoul , must be assessed against the backdrop of the new landscape of power -- a landscape that has been transformed , in just two years , by the first crisis of the globalized economy .
The paradox here is that , as its hegemonic power fades , America must rely increasingly on foreign creditors , above all China , to stay afloat .
Encompassing all big emerging economies , this appeared to be the most effective way to muster the legitimacy denied to the G-7 .
Having succeeded in integrating the West through prosperity and security following WWII , America must begin to craft a new global leadership structure .
The task is even more daunting than in the years after 1945 , for today a number of fiercely independent-minded , aspiring world powers must be herded into the global order .
As the main architect of globalization , which awakened awareness worldwide of the need for global public goods , the US must , even in its weariness , summon its creative resources .
To ensure that its economy 's performance is no longer dictated by the availability of foreign aid , Pakistan must undertake some fundamental restructuring .
Foreign donors must insist that Pakistan reform its economy in order to escape the moral hazard implied by continued dependence on aid flows .
The Strange Death of Multiculturalism An ideology which holds that people from different cultures must live in separate communities within a country , should not take an interest in each other and must not criticise each other is both wrong and unworkable .
Many will not abandon their religion , so Europeans must learn to live with them and with Islam .
Insulting Muslims simply on the basis of their faith is foolish and counterproductive , as is the increasingly popular notion that we must make sweeping pronouncements as to the superiority of `` our culture . ''
We must do everything to encourage Europe 's Muslim to become assimilated in European societies .
Democracy must be encouraged , wherever possible , by the most powerful democracy on earth .
The answer must be partly political .
The principle of free speech , one of the fundamental rights in liberal democracies , means that we must live with views that we find reprehensible , up to a point .
The proper limits must be constantly tested , contested , and renegotiated .
There is no absolute yardstick on how to behave in these impossible circumstances , so people must judge every election on its merits .
Since 85 % of Iranian voters decided that it was worth taking part in the last election , their decision must be respected .
The first principle of democracy is that government must be based on popular consent , even if the government is made up of parties for which many people did not vote .
In Europe , either the EU must become more democratic , which will take a long time , or national governments must delegate less to the bureaucrats in Brussels .
For one thing , China has become a great power , and Japan , like other Asian countries , must adapt to new circumstances .
Obama , he said , believes in `` liberation theology , '' which means that he must be a `` socialist , '' thus un-American .
NEW YORK -- It must be galling for the Chinese government to keep seeing Nobel Prizes go to the wrong Chinese .
Combine this with China 's bullying of Japan , by blocking the export of rare-earth metals vital for Japanese industry , over a few uninhabited islands between Taiwan and Okinawa , and its refusal to let the renminbi appreciate , and one must wonder why China is being so heavy-handed in its foreign relations .
This is why anyone , even a relatively unknown intellectual like Liu Xiaobo , who challenges the legitimacy of Communist Party rule by demanding multi-party elections , must be crushed .
Or so we must hope .
Israel must also defend itself against much Arab hostility .
Wilders , for one , is ostentatiously philosemitic , and all the New Rightists like to stress the importance of what they call `` Judeo-Christian values , '' which must be defended against `` Islamofascism . ''
But that is not to say that the US must always be passive .
They must find their own way to freedom .
Even the most thuggish Burmese dictator must hesitate before unleashing lethal force on men dressed in the maroon and saffron robes of their faith .
To call these people 's ostentatious displays of extravagance wasteful is to miss the point : a world of glittering dreams that must remain entirely beyond our grasp is precisely what many people want to see .
But there is another , darker side to this craving , which is the wish to see idols dragged through the mud in vicious gossip magazines , divorce courts , and so on . This is the vengeful side of our fawning , as though the humiliation of worshipping idols must be balanced by our delight in their downfall .
We must stop Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi from committing mass murder in Benghazi .
So , how seriously must we take the ideological reasons that killers like Breivik and the September 11 terrorists invoke to justify their murders ?
And , in the US , a peculiar alliance of Jewish hardliners and evangelical Christians , who believe that all Jews must eventually return to the Holy Land and convert to Christianity , has become the main base of support for Israel .
We must fight Islamic extremism , but not by tapping into the darkest gut feelings of the unthinking mob .
The current machines of this genre are direct descendants of the Boeing 707 , and , after many decades of evolutionary improvement , this design approach simply lacks the scope to address the many problems that must be solved .
Instead , the industry must re-invent itself .
But to understand how Pius 's reputation began to be challenged , we must see Hochhuth 's play within the context of the great social and cultural upheavals of the 1960 's .
Lee must not only calculate how tough to be with North Korea in response to the death of the Cheonan sailors , but also find a way to keep working with Kim Jong-il 's police state .
Comparable sums must be spent on understanding and changing health behaviors that are most likely to bring about disease .
But if drug companies must test new products for their safety and efficacy , why not also for their economic impact on health care ?
Most fundamentally , a finite model of medicine must accept human aging and death as part of the human life cycle , not some kind of preventable condition .
Medicine must shift its focus from length of life to quality of life .
This rapprochement is a consequence of the growing recognition that asset-price cycles must be taken into account for both macroeconomic management and financial supervision .
Beyond capital rules , however , monetary policy and financial supervision must cooperate very closely on liquidity management , particularly through credit mechanisms .
If these books can be read as developing a new idea of Argentina , it is the idea that there is little to trust , that everything is fraudulent , and that leeriness must be our worldview .
Ensuring Latin American nations ' autonomy in the global economy is yet another vital question that must be debated , because it is essential that national governments have the power to execute their citizens ' will .
Thus , the commercial and political aspects of government 's responsibilities must be integrated .
This does not require immediately creating new administrative structures , but skillful political coordination can and must be at the heart of this debate and ensuring its successful outcome .
Thus , Chavez is portrayed as a return to the Latin American populist heresy , a heresy that must be resisted because it affects not only the country with the largest oil reserves outside the Middle East , but also because it may tempt the rest of Latin America down that road .
To believe that one can accurately foresee what will become of Chavez and Venezuela brings to mind another warning by Fiedler : `` He who lives by the crystal ball must sooner or later learn to chew glass . ''
Israel 's right to exist -- and to live in peace -- must be recognized and accepted by Palestinians and all other neighbors ;
Palestinians must live in peace and dignity , and permanent Israeli settlements on their land are a major obstacle to this goal .
Except for mutually agreeable negotiated modifications , Israel 's official pre-1967 borders must be honored .
As were all previous administrations since the founding of Israel , US government leaders must be in the forefront of achieving this long-delayed goal .
Regardless of one 's choice in the partisan struggle between Fatah and Hamas within occupied Palestine , we must remember that economic sanctions and restrictions in delivering water , food , electricity , and fuel are causing extreme hardship among the innocent people in Gaza , about one million of whom are refugees .
It is one thing for other leaders to defer to the US on the crucial peace negotiations , but the world must not stand idle while innocent people are treated cruelly .
We must also give greater support at the community , national , and international levels to groups working to end this practice .
Some of the project 's adversaries claim that it must be stopped because it will be a tribute to the perpetrators of a despicable deed .
But one fears that something more dreadful than the daily misery must occur before India 's politicians decide to act .
First , in a modern democracy , punishment must be not only retributive , but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings .
The Court 's jurisdiction over the crimes in Darfur has been established pursuant to a binding decision of the United Nations Security Council , which means that even states that are not parties to the ICC statute must execute the Court 's orders and warrants .
Moreover , strict conditions must be met to prove genocide .
In particular , the victims must form an ethnic , religious , racial , or national group , and the perpetrator must entertain `` genocidal intent , '' namely the will to destroy the group as such , in whole or in part .
First , when a lamb like Georgia gets smart and requests the protection of another wolf -- in this case , NATO -- he must be careful , for every wolf guards his territory , and is bent on `` protecting '' all those lambs that fall under his `` jurisdiction . ''
We were all wrong , and the new president must face the same challenge : not how to govern with these dysfunctional institutions , but how to replace them with something that works .
It must transform itself into something like the Social Christian or Christian Democratic parties that exist in Costa Rica , Chile , Venezuela , and Peru .
Perhaps most importantly , Mexico must devise a French-style semi-presidential system whereby a designated Prime Minister is responsible for building majorities in Congress , and must be ratified by the latter .
That is what Caldern can and must do in order to render moot today 's debates about the fairness of the election that brought him to power .
It is time for Mexico to turn the page , but it must turn the right page .
Second , the White House must not only get the pending free trade agreements ratified by Congress , but should improve them , learning from the NAFTA experience , make them more poverty-sensitive , more environmentally - and labor-oriented , and provide more support for infrastructure and training .
The US must help these countries build up their infrastructure , educational and legal systems , competitiveness , and transparency .
A first-term Kerry administration or a second-term Bush presidency must make this a high foreign policy priority .
The US , Canada , Europe , and Latin America have constructed a regional legal framework , which must not be abandoned , to defend democratic rule and human rights in the hemisphere .
Cuba needs to return to the regional concert of powers , but it must accept this concert 's rules .
Elections must instead be part of a comprehensive process of normalization : they should neither be a deal-breaker nor a non-issue .
The next US president must reinvigorate a relationship that is ready to be substantially transformed for the first time since Franklin Roosevelt 's Good Neighbor Policy of seven decades ago .
If immigration is to become a less heated issue , the US must address the needs of Latin America 's economies .
But the Security Council must be extremely cautious in considering any suspension of ICC proceedings .
The OAS did , however , lay down two conditions . Cuba must explicitly request reinstatement , and a dialogue must be initiated in accordance with the premises of the OAS Charter and other basic OAS documents , and in consonance with the principles on which those documents are based -- most importantly , democracy and respect for human rights .
Powell enumerated four conditions that must be satisfied in order to succeed in a military operation .
For Sartre -LRB- and for many of his contemporaries -RRB- , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes -LRB- whatever that meant -RRB- .
To become a full-fledged UN member , the Security Council must recommend the move to the General Assembly ; but upgrading the Palestinian Authority 's status to that of the Vatican -- which in theory would allow it to participate in many UN agencies , including the International Criminal Court -- requires only a two-thirds vote in the General Assembly .
He must be homosexual .
We must trust the WHO and its associates to come to our rescue , as it did so admirably with SARS .
But those involved in human and veterinary medicine must no longer remain aloof from one another .
The very nature of our European model -- a model that is open internally , externally , and globally -- must be reaffirmed .
In implementing this plan , governments must refrain from the temptation to turn national measures into narrow protectionist schemes .
The crisis must also not become an excuse to create new institutional formats that jeopardize the delicate balance between the different EU institutions , a balance that -- through appropriate adjustments -- has been proven by the test of time .
We must not shy away from our responsibilities .
To be a model for the future , Europe 's governments and peoples must remain committed to an open Europe in an open world .
An open Europe must also be fully committed to an open global economy .
But , if we are to succeed , we must make the most of our new Lisbon institutions , maintain our commitment to an open Europe , accelerate reform of our economies , and take the lead in forging a new framework for global governance that supports a truly sustainable process of continued globalization .
Today , it is a contingency that must be accounted for in every trip to the airport .
It does Ahmedinejad no good for Europe to maintain a sense of history that must put it at cross purposes with Iran .
Castro must realize that even if he relents and sets Rivero and others free , they are likely to stay .
Rivero must still take pleasure in the poem by Nestor Leliebre Camue , a native of Santiago de Cuba .
But the anti-immigrant vitriol of the 1990 's , which pushed California 's legislature to impose the ban , remains strong , and not even the immigrant Terminator can muster the courage to fight it .
But , in order to displace the US and assume the mantle of leadership in Asia , China must do more than pursue its own interests or contain potential rivals .
Of course , the Western powers must be applauded for their efforts , with the support of Qatar and the United Arab Emirates , to prevent a slaughter of Libya 's civilian population .
But , if despots are to be deterred from untrammeled repression , any intervention -- whether military or in the form of economic and diplomatic sanctions -- must meet the test of impartiality .
This only underscores the major protection that bin Laden must have received from elements of the Pakistani security establishment to help him elude the US dragnet for nearly a decade .
Even as Americans exult over bin Laden 's killing , the US government must recognize that its failed policy on Pakistan has inadvertently made that country the world 's main terrorist sanctuary .
Before Afghanistan becomes a Vietnam-style quagmire , Obama must rethink his plan for another troop surge .
The same norm must apply to cyberspace , which is critical to our everyday life , economic well-being , and security .
Cyberspace must be treated , along with outer space , international waters , and international airspace , as property held in common for the good of all .
With national security and prosperity now dependent on the safekeeping of cyberspace , cybercrime must be effectively countered as an international priority .
Second , the government budgeting process must be opened up through both public hearings in the national legislature and public participation via the media .
Third , information provided in confidence by foreign governments or intelligence services must be closely held to avoid embarrassing the provider of the information and thereby reducing the likelihood that information will be shared in future .
While smaller Taiwan should be careful not to provoke its giant neighbor , China must come to terms with the workings of a functioning democracy .
But it is the economics of HDR geothermal that will eventually determine its long-term role , because deep boreholes are expensive to drill , and their costs must be met before power stations can begin to generate electricity .
The problem in Asia often arises from something the French call `` cohabitation '' - an awkward arrangement by which a directly elected president must co-exist with a parliament controlled by a rival party or parties .
The political energy required for expanding and reforming education is difficult to muster in the world 's wealthiest nations .
In return for MILF cooperation , the US , Australia , and other interested countries must pick up political slack and build the government 's capacity to deliver a sustainable peace agreement for Mindanao .
The Filipino armed forces must be better equipped to close down any remaining terrorist sanctuaries -- and keep them closed .
Those who can or must support themselves outside marriage tend to favor expanding economic opportunities for women and to oppose laws and values that give familial authority to husbands and fathers .
In such a world , interests must come first , because we can not negotiate about values .
In practice , order must be established before it can be limited by the rule of law and international human rights norms .
Israel 's President Ezer Weizmann , a former pilot , responded : `` You must have serious enemies if you need these helicopters .
Even so , the country must now , year after year , increase its military expenses so that it can begin to approximate NATO standards .
No matter how inconsistent such attitudes appear to be , they remain widespread and can not be overlooked , because they suggest that people here conceive of NATO as a protective umbrella , not something to which they must contribute .
`` We must see to it that the pig -- this animal that we , the Romanian nation , can not afford to live without -- is not wiped out . ''
Either Romania , as an EU applicant , complies with these regulations or it must abandon pig breeding on a familiar scale and , as a consequence , increase the share of pork importation .
Nonetheless , a community must and should assume and share its burdens .
The key is to accept bad news : losses must be recognized before efficient realignment can occur .
First , the veil of corruption in Afghanistan must be lifted .
Afghans are fed up with arrogant and well-armed tycoons who live in mansions and drive top-of-the range Mercedes limousines -- this in a country where barely 13 % of the population have electricity and most people must survive on less than $ 200 a year .
Furthermore , Afghanistan 's neighbors must do more to stop insurgents , weapons , money , and chemical precursors from flowing across their borders into the country .
Improving security and the rule of law must include destroying the opium trade .
That situation needs to be reversed . We must punish the traffickers and reward the farmers .
Criminal justice must be made a centerpiece of security and development . Such an approach has vaulted Cape Verde off the bottom of development indices into the respectable ranks of middle-income countries within a decade .
Likewise , there must be a crackdown on corruption , as in Nigeria , where an anti-corruption revolution has swept an impressive list of greedy public officials from high office .
In 1926 , V. I. Vernadsky similarly acknowledged the increasing impact of mankind on '' -LRB- t -RRB- he direction in which the processes of evolution must proceed , namely towards increasing consciousness and thought , and forms having greater and greater influence on their surroundings . ''
A Serb district president , Miroslav Deronji? , testified that Karadi? told him : `` Miroslav , those people there must be killed . ''
Unlike China , the US must commit to absolute limits on emissions . So China would like to see the US lead in making such a commitment , without using China as an excuse for inaction .
If the US is serious about reaching a constructive outcome in Copenhagen , it must set radical and practical targets , take responsibility for its historic carbon emissions , and commit itself to support developing countries ' efforts by means of capacity building , technology transfer , and finance .
The Chinese government is promoting social welfare in the countryside , but it must also give more institutional expression to social grievances .
Confucians do not oppose electoral democracy , but they argue that it must be constrained by meritocratically selected political leaders who look after the interests of non-voters .
Europe must rely on alliances to exercise power , and these are likely to depend on America for some time to come .
Third , if the basic values in which the West believes are threatened anywhere , we must either be prepared to defend them or to abandon them without a fight .
Of course , military force is only one way to defend one 's convictions , and its use must be measured -- but also timely .
There must therefore be a presumption in favor of the US line of action , a point made forcefully and persuasively by Britain 's Prime Minister , Tony Blair .
Citizens must be persuaded that the reasons -LRB- especially for preemptive action -RRB- stand up to scrutiny .
This is why -- even at this late moment -- more must be done to make the case for war to the public in those countries that are prepared to fight for freedom .
Likewise , other democracies must be convinced ; indeed , action has to be sanctioned by international bodies .
The euro must hold its own against the dollar -- and hurrah ! -- it is now above parity .
European foreign policy must provide a counterweight to that of the hyperpower across the Atlantic .
US President George W. Bush never faces hostile crowds in the way that Blair must . When Blair enters Parliament for the weekly ritual of Prime Minister 's Questions , members of his own Labor Party heckle him and ask hostile questions .
In today 's crisis , anyone who believes in Western values must hope that such politicians emerge victorious .
Judges must not only be honest , but must be seen to be so and , as such , trusted .
The warning `` Beware of the valley of tears ! '' is thus the one that must be taken most seriously by those responsible for rebuilding an Iraq scarred by the terrors of dictatorship and the ravages of war .
One answer must be that voters distrust political parties .
But if parties are not state-supported , they must find funds through channels that are often dubious , when not illegal .
As consumers they are used to instant gratification . But as voters , they must wait before they see any results delivered by the choice they made at the ballot box .
So rethinking democracy and its institutions must be a top priority for all to whom the constitution of liberty is dear .
Thus , the political effect of intellectuals is rarely immediate . It must bide its time .
It must never be a substitute for the absence of other ideas .
Active citizens who defend the liberal order must thus be its safeguard .
It is something that must be defended ; so-called `` enabling laws '' that suspend the rule of law are the first weapon of dictators .
`` Elections plus '' must mean , therefore , democracy plus the rule of law .
Whoever governs must try to square this circle .
I have often wondered why Karl Popper ended the dramatic peroration of the first volume of his Open Society and Its Enemies with the sentence : `` We must go on into the unknown , the uncertain and insecure , using what reason we have to plan for both security and freedom . ''
Security must not become a pretext for the suspending and destroying the liberal order .
Globalization must become `` glo c alization '' : there is value in the relative certainties of local communities , small companies , human associations .
The truth - to quote Popper again - is that `` we must go on into the unknown , the uncertain and insecure , '' come what may .
Without doubt , the first priority for any free country must be to protect its citizens and assets against acts of terrorist violence .
We must accept that there are limits to tolerance .
The monopoly on the use of violence exercised by democratic states must be preserved , which may involve expelling non-citizens who choose violence or advocate its use , and the detention of citizens who have practiced or threatened it .
But intervention must never borrow methods from those against whom it is undertaken .
Any response must be basically constructive .
In the absence of empirical research , generalizations must be guesswork .
In parliamentary systems , they can and must appear before the elected representatives of the people and explain what happened .
If something of such severity has happened that a minister finds it impossible to defend them , they may have to pay the penalty , but the minister still must assume responsibility .
The probability of Iraqi elections being held this coming January must be lower than 50 % , and we can be certain that these will not be free and fair elections throughout the entire country .
The second condition that must be satisfied before elections can be credible is security .
One must doubt whether it contributed anything to making democracy more acceptable after WWII .
Constitutional arrangements must guarantee all entrenched groups a place in the countries ' political institutions .
To this must be added another feature that Young described : meritocracy means only that another ruling group closes the gates behind it once it has achieved its status .
`` You must help , '' my mother said to me .
Governments must continue to pay benefits to today 's pensioners , and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow 's pensioners are now diverting to personal insurance schemes .
Also one must never forget that we are talking about democracies .
They know that ultimately we all must rely on our own initiative and effort , and they make use of the opportunities of open markets .
It needs to accept that globalization is above all an opportunity , one that must be grasped by confident , innovative , and entrepreneurial people .
Above all , Germany must appreciate that the changes it needs are improvements that would guarantee its future security .
What we call `` terrorism '' has many causes , and one must beware of facile explanations .
If we do not wish to be submerged in violence and authoritarian responses to it , international institutions must do for the modernizing world what the EU has managed to do for the postcommunist countries .
They must be embedded in a much more complex institutional framework , which I would describe as the liberal order .
The first feature of the liberal order is that democracies must not tolerate those who set out to destroy democracy .
The international community must therefore recognize that it is not enough to promote , organize , or monitor elections in hitherto undemocratic countries .
Some restrictions are understandable legacies of the past , but must nevertheless be re-examined .
The first and principled answer must surely be no. .
I do not know how many Islamic leaders preach murder and mayhem in mosques and help recruit suicide bombers from among their congregants ; but even if it is only a handful , they pose a question that must be answered .
That answer must be given carefully .
What is clear is that everyone must have access to elections and political parties , to education and the labor market , and to the associations of civil society .
When wealth turns into unchecked power , something must be done to restrict it .
It is thus not bad in itself , even if its excesses must be capped in the name of citizenship for all .
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
To be effective , elections must be preceded by an extensive period of debate and argument .
There must be certain accepted rules of the political game that are binding on all , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
But the constitutional convention , too , must be elected , and this election may run into the very difficulties that plague first elections to parliaments in new democracies .
One must add to this criterion a culture of debate that makes elections a genuine contest of a plurality of answers to the issues at stake .
Nowadays the two largest parties can rarely hope to muster two-thirds of the popular vote .
Against such reactions , enlightened views must be reasserted strongly .
Religious fundamentalists claim that the law must be anchored in the belief in a supreme being , or even be based on revelation .
Those who are committed to liberty must learn to appreciate and defend it now , lest they someday have to fight to get it back .
`` We must keep this sensitive subject out of the campaign '' seemed to be the prevailing attitude , as if the period of heightened political awareness that elections provide should not be used to debate serious controversies .
They must be free to admit students of their choice and to charge them what is needed .
Until recently , member governments held two ideas on immigration : they all took the view that ordinary immigration must be restricted or prevented ; they all agreed that asylum-seekers be vilified as `` bogus '' economic migrants and deterred through policies of harassment , intimidation and - in some cases - detention .
But it must be done , and soon .
Under Euro rules , governments must observe strict limits on their budget deficits and public debt .
The questions we must ask are , first , whether this upsurge of far-right , anti-immigrant , law-and-order parties is part of an evolving crisis in Europe 's traditional model of parliamentary democracy ; and second , whether it represents the precursor of a major crisis about the future of the European Union .
Their proposal was categorically rejected in a joint submission by 16 existing or future member states , all of them small countries , who insisted that the principle of rotation must be retained , as a symbol of the equality of all member states .
Second , his ostensible task -- representing the EU abroad -- must depend on a degree of agreement between the member states on foreign policy that is now completely absent .
At the moment , the electorate is hostile to Euro membership by a large margin ; if the government is to persuade the voters to change their minds on purely economic grounds , it must deploy a powerful case .
Slowly , very slowly , the European Union is approaching the moment of truth when its members must decide what kind of a Union they want .
Everyone knows that a much larger EU must be more integrated politically if it is not to grind to a halt through sheer weight of numbers .
With the accession of 10 new members , the EU must become more integrated if it is to function .
If Brown is to gain legitimacy , he must offer something new ; but he can do that only by distinguishing himself from the Blair legacy in clearly perceptible -- and therefore fairly radical -- ways .
Brown believes , and has said , that Britain must always be close friends with America ; and obviously that is the right thing to believe and say .
Over time , the aim must surely be to minimize the proportion of the financial sector that is subject to some form of state guarantee .
They must operate within tight legal constraints , and with rigorous accountability frameworks , involving the government and the legislature .
In any federal system , a balance must be struck between those who are charged with assessing economic conditions in the whole monetary area and those who represent the interests of particular regions .
In particular , a country planning to intervene must demonstrate that it has an intimidating stockpile of foreign-exchange reserves , and the readiness to use it .
There must also be a strong political commitment to intervention , and an explicit willingness to accept the consequences for domestic monetary conditions , which may involve an inflation rate that is higher or lower than desired , perhaps for some time .
In a real struggle over things that actually matter , we must assume that we are up against thinking opponents , who may understand some things about us that we do n't know about ourselves .
To address the scourge of cancer , we must complement efforts to detect and treat cancer with new ways to keep people from developing the disease in the first place .
So science must retain its claim to being natural philosophy , too .
It is beyond the shadow of a doubt that greenhouse gas emissions must be radically reduced to prevent climate change from sliding into climate chaos .
In order to enter into force around the world before 2013 , the Copenhagen agreement must meet the political requirements of all participating countries .
The closure of Guantnamo must be accompanied by a fundamental review of the underlying policies that gave rise to its existence .
There must be no gaps in protection , whatever law is applicable .
The EU and US must work together to make Europe and America safe .
This would give the authorities room to address the country 's daunting longer-term policy agenda -- including a major reform of the costly pension system , an overhaul of the tax system , and strengthening the bankruptcy framework -- that Brazil must face in order to boost competitiveness .
Violence must give way to security for inhabitants ; lawlessness and political exclusion must give way to the rule of law and participatory government ; ethnic , religious , or class\/caste polarization must give way to national reconciliation ; and ruined war economies must be transformed into functioning market economies that enable ordinary people to support themselves .
Projects must be judged by whether they contribute to peace and reconciliation , rather than on purely economic grounds .
An effective FDI promotion agency must be headed by an executive director with strong credentials and an excellent reputation in the private sector , supplemented by good international contacts and fluency in English .
Given 220,000 IPDs from previous conflicts in the 1990 's now face fading prospects for a return to Abkhazia and South Ossetia , Georgia 's authorities must find a viable and permanent solution for roughly 6 % of the population .
Georgia must be weaned from humanitarian aid as soon as the situation allows it .
In addition to restructuring the financial sector , recovery programs in the US , the United Kingdom , and other industrial countries hardest hit by the financial crisis must include relief for home and business owners , and job creation through infrastructure projects , clean-energy technologies , and improvements in healthcare and education .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , reconstruction must include not only the rehabilitation of services and infrastructure , but -- more challenging -- the creation of a macroeconomic , legal , and regulatory framework for effective policymaking .
First , the Karzai government must overcome credibility issues related to the broken promises it made in the past to former Taliban who laid down their weapons . Second , the $ 140 million pledged by donors at the London Conference for the Peace and Reintegration Trust Fund is blatantly insufficient for effective reintegration .
But for this system to work solid information about under-performing companies must be available to investors and the link between the pay of top managers and company performance must be real .
Other countries must then tell America that the state ca n't stand back and let the market do this job : accurate business information is a governmental responsibility .
Outsiders must remind America that its pension system is a ticking time bomb that must be defused .
What economists three generations later were to call Walras 's Law is the principle that any market in which people are planning to buy more than is for sale must be counterbalanced by a market or markets in which people are planning to buy less .
And the IMF went from issuing warnings to calling our Budget ` essential ' Now we must implement some of the key decisions required by that Budget .
Why is the idea , common to John Maynard Keynes , Milton Friedman , Knut Wicksell , Irving Fisher , and Walter Bagehot alike , that governments must intervene strategically in financial markets to stabilize economy-wide spending now a contested one ?
The government must ensure that the money supply matches the full-employment level of money demand , and that the supply of safe savings vehicles in which investors can park their wealth also meets demand .
Simply put , a weak state can not enforce contracts and property rights , while a state that is strong enough to enforce them must control its own bureaucrats .
That means that we must make it more likely in the future that people as capable and wise as Robert Rubin will find it attractive to enter public service , and that once there , they will have the power to make a difference .
As the world 's leading-edge economy , America faces the hardest work in ensuring growth , for it must create - not only copy and adapt - new technologies , better forms of capital , and more productive business organizations .
For example , Americans must buy cars because public transport is so lousy . The value of the cars is calculated in American GDP , but European public-transport systems are counted not at their value to passengers but as a cost to government .
Professor Gordon also points out that America 's more extreme climate - colder winters -LRB- save in Florida and California -RRB- and hotter summers -LRB- save in Washington , Oregon , and California -RRB- - must spend more on heating and cooling .
Of course , all favorable judgments of the state of the Western European economy must come with fine print .
As Germany prepares to elect its next Chancellor , the two main candidates , Gerhard Schroeder and Edmund Stoiber , agree on one thing : unemployment must be reduced .
Whoever leads the next German government must tackle unemployment , both for the sake of the economically most vulnerable and to ensure public confidence in the current system .
America must decide the size of its public health programs and how to finance them .
Clearly , economics -- if it is to succeed and progress -- must be very different in a generation from what it is today .
First , the world 's industrial core must create incentives for the developing world to industrialize along an environmentally-friendly , C02 - and CH4-light , path .
Slow growth of greenhouse-gas emissions in rapidly-growing economies must be accompanied by credible promises to deliver massive amounts of assistance in the mighty tasks of industrialization , education , and urbanization that China , India , Mexico , Brazil , and many other developing countries face .
Second , the world 's industrial core must create incentives for its energy industries to undertake the investments in new technologies that will move us by mid-century to an economic structure that is light on carbon emissions and heavy on carbon sequestration .
Thus , in order to keep the current-account deficit stable , the trade deficit must shrink .
America must also deal with the potential for corruption , both illegal in the case of the diversion of Teamsters ' pension resources and legal in the campaign contributions provided by the pharmaceutical lobby to complaisant members of Congress .
The major losers are those who previously held the now-outsourced service-sector jobs ; they must now find new and different jobs and almost surely find that their skills are worth less .
The Secret Language of Central Bankers `` If I seem unduly clear to you , '' Alan Greenspan said to his political masters in the United States Congress , `` you must have misunderstood what I said . ''
Why do participants in financial markets trade on the advice of cable TV personalities when a small amount of number-crunching reveals that the benefits must be lower than the transactions costs incurred by over-frequent trading ?
Thus , the real values of their currencies must be kept low relative to the dollar , which means that their reserves now invested in the US must continue to grow .
So central banks must also focus on how the fall in the volume of money flowing through financial markets will affect spending , and on how much they should cut interest rates and expand money supply to offset these effects .
He testified that it is important to run surpluses to pay down the debt , but that surpluses must not be so large that the government winds up owning American industry .
Of course , there may well be turbulence : when US wage levels appear low because of a weak dollar , it is hard to export to America , and other countries must rely on other sources of demand to maintain full employment .
First , America can not run enormous -LRB- and growing ! -RRB- current-account deficits forever : at some point the desire of foreign investors to hold ever-increasing shares of their wealth in America must wane and then reverse .
There is , however , one fiscal principle that must be respected .
Stabilizing the debt-to-GDP ratio is thus the line in the sand that must not be crossed .
But all of this would require extraordinary patience on the part of the Workers ' Party and its supporters , whose hopes must be deferred as immediate priority is given to appeasing the bond market .
On the financial side , however , the magnitude of the chaos is staggering : mammoth failures of risk management on the part of highly leveraged financial institutions that must be first-rate risk managers in order to survive .
Unstable and unsustainable configurations must come to an end .
At such a time , central banks must step in and set the price of liquidity at a reasonable level -- make it a centrally-planned and administered price -- rather than let it swing free in response to private-sector supply and demand .
So , central banks must set the price of liquidity in the market day in and day out .
According to the followers of Knut Wicksell , the central bank must keep the market rate of interest near the natural rate of interest . No , said the followers of John Maynard Keynes , it must offset swings in business animal spirits in order to stabilize aggregate demand .
But if depression is to be avoided , it will be through old-fashioned Keynesian fiscal policy : the government must take a direct hand in boosting spending and deciding what goods and services will be in demand .
Moreover , for Keynes , '' -LRB- t -RRB- he game of professional investment is intolerably boring and over-exacting to anyone who is entirely exempt from the gambling instinct ; whilst he who has it must pay to this propensity the appropriate toll ... ''
Some days I think that , in the future , central bankers must also recognize that it is imprudent to lower interest rates in pursuit of full employment when doing so risks causing an asset price bubble .
If so , then the unavoidable conclusion must be that things would not have been so bad if the government had refused to implement an expansionary fiscal policy , recapitalize banks , nationalize troubled institutions , and buy financial assets in non-standard ways .
So Barro is simply wrong when he claims that although the stimulus boosts employment now , amortizing the stimulus must inevitably reduce employment at some point in the future .
The purpose must be to establish Europe as a forceful and fair-minded player on the world stage , rather than as a `` broad church '' in which different viewpoints co-exist .
Europe also must at last grasp the nettle of immigration policy -- something that has persistently eluded generations of political leaders .
One must go back to the Qing Dynasty -LRB- 1644-1912 -RRB- and its 60-year era of `` heavenly flourishing '' -LRB- Qianlong -RRB- in the eighteenth century to find a comparable period of coherent political and economic policy .
Rather than pressure China to shut down the cross-border flow of fuel and food in order to `` teach Pyongyang a lesson , '' the US and its allies must find ways to support North Korea 's economic integration with the region .
The EU is shutting its eyes to the underlying constitutional principle that says that Cyprus must be jointly controlled by the two communities .
Instead of inciting these risks and adding to the Islamic world 's wounded sense of pride , the EU should uphold the rule of law . It must not treat the Greek Cypriot application as `` an application proper by Cyprus . ''
Public and private resources must be mobilized to build , enhance , and maintain solid educational infrastructures .
The `` borders '' between East and West that Ataturk largely abolished in Turkey must not be allowed to form again in the minds of a new generation .
Turkey must , of course , fulfill the conditions common to all candidate countries , measured in a fair and reasonable manner .
Turkey must work hard to get ready .
The Unites States must think long-term and gently support the process , instead of toying with the misconceived notion of Turkey as part of a new `` greater Middle East . ''
Most importantly , European statesmen , who know in their hearts what is required , must show the courage and the wisdom to lead .
There needs to be a strategy , priorities must be weighed , and empirical evidence analyzed .
Public expenditures must be focused on programs with strong employment content , such as in small - and medium-scale infrastructure projects and support to local governments .
The use of social dialogue for crisis management should be increased , because trust must be rebuilt .
Donors must maintain the promised -LRB- and very modest -RRB- levels of development aid for the poorer countries , and the drive to achieve the Millennium Development Goals must be renewed .
While these recovery measures are put in place , the world must also build the institutions for the twenty-first-century economy .
America 's next president must re-engage with Asia not as an afterthought , and not as a corollary to the `` war on terror , '' but as a central component of a roadmap to a safe , secure , and prosperous future .
Most importantly , a trade policy must be articulated that is both free and fair -LRB- not only for US workers , but also for Asian workers -RRB- , and that reassures Asians that Obama will be aware of their needs .
The US must focus once again on the arts as a meaningful way to promote stronger cultural engagement and , ultimately , to find new channels of communication with the Muslim world .
To be sure , in EU institutions ' public and ceremonial meetings , interpretation and translation must be equally available , at least in principle , from every language into every other .
So Rajapaksa must offer the Tamil people a political compromise , perhaps including some cabinet positions , as well as the promise of a revived economy .
Indeed , the Rajapaksa government , and the majority Sinhalese , must understand that the political and economic reforms needed to achieve a lasting peace are inextricably intertwined .
On the political front , a power vacuum must be avoided .
Although one of the main goals of reconstruction must be the creation of a democratic system that the Tamils regard as their own , establishing effective governance , and fast , in Sri Lanka 's north matters just as much .
Order must be restored rapidly , with zero tolerance of looting and other crimes .
Economic reform also must begin without delay .
Sri Lanka 's economy must open up -- not an easy thing to achieve at a time when liberal economic reforms appear to be in disrepute .
After all , any such strategy must , by definition , ignore local specificities and regional realities .
Any truly viable policy must get eight things right :
Civil society and public opinion must also be included .
 Support democratic transition . Incumbent leaders must have the proper incentives to initiate gradual processes of reform .
 Reinforce anti-terrorist cooperation . The fight against terrorism , which requires short-term successes , must be differentiated from the long-term process of reform .
It must contribute in its own unique way to resolving conflicts that hinder inclusion and feed radicalism .
The main US focus must be on finding a fair solution to the Israeli-Palestinian question and to the Iraq crisis .
Its diversity must be recognized , so that groups that resort to violence can be differentiated from those that do not .
What price must be paid for that supremacy to be maintained ?
This means that EU governments must respond to popular anxieties and make the Union more transparent and democratic .
Second , European governments must show a real commitment to act together .
For Europe to remain a promise for the world , it must thrive as a public good for all its citizens .
At the same time , the rule-of-law approach to fighting terrorism must be a pillar of European cooperation with third countries , namely with those of the Mediterranean , or with Pakistan , thereby contributing to a security culture that is conducive to democratization .
The right to public speech and peaceful assembly must be defended for those who feel marginalized and indignant at what they -- and most Europeans -- view as injustices committed against the Palestinians , the Chechens , and the Iraqis .
We can not -- indeed , must not -- cede to terror by building walls around and within our societies .
Clearly , there must be major differences in the macroeconomic models used to produce such a wide range of estimates .
This procedure is consistent with the general consensus in research ethics that the control group must receive the best-known treatment for comparison .
But to do this , the international bodies that control Kosovo must dissolve any organization that relies on violence .
Dialogue focused on Iran 's nuclear program or on Iraq alone will not work . Instead , the full range of issues that are significant to US-Iran relationship must be on the table .
Both Djindjic and Kotunica must ultimately realize that they are stuck with each other and so begin to compromise and cooperate .
This time , however , we must resolve to remember Zoran Djindjic 's cause -- political and economic liberty -- more than his blood sacrifice .
What atrocity must occur before the European public and its political leadership understands what is really happening in the world ?
Ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find TB that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests , treat TB according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs , and prevent TB among those who are at risk . These steps may very well ensure that XDR-TB does not engulf the advances made in the past century in the global fight against TB .
But the IMF must also reinvent itself to become far more focused ; it may not be able to change its image but it can become more effective .
The IMF staff must begin to report , publicly and for everyone to see , the shortcomings in countries ' balance sheets and currency strategies because these are invariably the causes of collapse .
The IMF board must learn that muzzling the IMF staff contributes to crisis by postponing a reckoning .
So consumer confidence must be of paramount concern .
But even the most hopeful observer must now concede that these dark scenarios are moving toward realization and that no good prevention strategy is in place .
If America wants to lead capitalism 's global march , it must exorcize a growing culture of corporate crony capitalism .
To function and remain socially acceptable , however , capitalism must be as clean as possible .
Capitalism , indeed , has always needed its morality tales . But distinctions must be made .
All those who predicted the collapse of America 's `` house of cards '' economy -LRB- who thought that Enron 's collapse was finally the sign in the sky that they were right -RRB- must now be exhausted .
The message here is clear : Europe must hope that the dollar stays strong because , without domestic dynamism , the cheap euro is Europe 's only growth ticket .
ORLANDO -- One of the most common popular misunderstandings about the causes of terrorism is the notion that terrorists must be `` insane '' to behave as they do .
Our default reaction , often reinforced by Western philosophical traditions and simplistic political rhetoric , is that evil acts must be the product of fundamentally evil or insane individuals .
It must be admitted , of course , that our access to real-life terrorists is limited , and we still have much to learn about the kind of environments that foster terroristic behavior .
At the same time , it is apparent that Mexico must redefine the bilateral relationship according to the country 's specific needs and interests on a case-by-case basis .
More broadly , the US must accept that times have changed and that Mexico can not be simply classified as either an historic antagonist that has to be bought off or an unconditional ally that can be taken for granted .
Mexican foreign policy must not be driven by the resentments of the past but by the pursuit of concrete interests in the future .
To start , Fox must listen more carefully than he has to the people he governs .
As a result , Europe must re-examine its current security arrangements , analyze what happened , and take this analysis into account in reforming those arrangements .
During this transformation , NATO must keep in mind that the primary responsibility for global peace and security lies with the United Nations .
On the contrary , we must build on existing institutions .
At a time of intense debate over budgets , people around the world must remember that these kinds of investments not only save lives , improve livelihoods , and promote stability , but also save money in the long run .
Commitments in this sensitive field must be made irreversible and subject to strict verification .
Today , Europe needs peace between cultures as much as it once needed peace between nations , and it is for this reason that we must welcome Turkey into our midst .
On the other hand , every time someone in China Googles something and gets an answer -- a product 's good and bad points , the details about someone the government does not like -- he must wonder , `` Why ca n't I get this kind of information about everything ? ''
A better approach is to view computer security as an issue of public health and economics , in which people can protect themselves but must pay for the costs they impose on others .
To implement effective security , the entities best equipped to do so , the Internet service providers , must take the lead .
This model is being hailed internationally as a possible compromise formula for ending intractable conflicts where atrocities can not go unpunished but incentives must be found to disarm warring factions .
But the West must do more to interdict the flow of drug money and the provision of chemicals for cocaine processing .
Indeed , the promise of sustained growth must be the foundation of any successful non-socialist party in Latin America .
But for Uribe 's consensus to outlast him and become a truly viable model for the continent , he knows that he must win the hearts and minds of Colombia 's disaffected rural population .
The lesson is clear : European governments must work together when implementing industrial policy .
These recovery schemes put national interests first , using the argument that taxpayers ' money must be used to defend the nation 's companies and workers .
To prevent the EU 's single market from going bust , national policymakers must implement industrial restructuring policies in tandem .
Policies throughout the continent must and will begin to reflect their desires .
If we are to encourage democratic trends in political Islam , we must learn to think of Islamists as political opponents rather than as violent adversaries who may have medical and engineering degrees .
According to `` the Coase Conjecture , '' a monopolist selling a durable good must sell it at marginal cost .
Reforms must aim at making grade school and high school teachers accountable .
In addition , paying teachers according to performance must become the norm , while ineffective teachers should be dismissed .
Moreover , competitive funding for research at the university level must be increased substantially .
First , they must accumulate capital , which implies a high savings rate that will help pay for new machines , equipment , and infrastructure .
South Korea must therefore do everything it can to reinvigorate the debate .
Third , the G-20 must address its own legitimacy deficit .
Already there is a sense that the IMF is reluctant to tell Europe more forcefully how to handle its problem with Greece because the managing director must be careful to avoid meddling in Europe 's internal politics .
But , having doubled their bet , Europeans now must make their monetary union work .
On one side are those who insist that governments must move now , at all cost , to rein in budget deficits .
It would recommend policies for eliminating imbalances and describe what kind of exchange-rate and reserve changes must accompany any adjustments .
Rapid output growth without equally rapid capital-stock or employment growth must have reflected rapid productivity growth .
Policymakers must encourage it .
But , while the specifics differ , the implications are the same : all must now endure excruciatingly painful spending cuts .
But , since none of these countries has a national currency to devalue , they must substitute internal devaluation for external devaluation .
And , as debt burdens become heavier , public spending must be cut further and taxes increased to service the government 's debt and that of its wards , like the banks .
So , if internal devaluation is to work , the value of debts , where they already represent a heavy burden , must be reduced .
Government debt must be restructured .
Mortgage debts , too , must be written down .
European leaders must choose which one it will be .
Second , countries must move together .
German leaders must acknowledge that their country 's banks are dangerously exposed to the debts of the eurozone periphery .
They must convince their constituents that using public money to provide sweeteners for debt restructuring and to recapitalize the banks is essential to the internal devaluation strategy that they insist their neighbors follow .
In short , Europe 's leaders -- and German leaders above all -- must make the case that the alternative is too dire to contemplate .
It is critical that leaders distinguish what must be done now from what can be left for later .
And they must give the ECB the political cover that it needs to do what is required to preserve the system .
Specifically , the ECB must do much more to support economic growth .
At the moment , countries holding 85 % of IMF voting power must agree before SDRs can be issued , which is no recipe for liquidity .
So , even those who find the economic logic of arguments for fiscal activism compelling must acknowledge that the politics are not supportive .
To safeguard its resources -- that is , to be sure that its shareholders are paid back -- the Fund must demand difficult policy adjustments on the part of these borrowers .
If stop-gap measures are required during the transition , the Fund must provide leadership there as well .
The home country must put a cap on leverage , limit acceptable liquidity and funding practices , and have a resolution regime for winding up complex financial institutions .
We might get a sneak preview this year and in 2011 , when European leaders must select a new ECB president and vice-president .
Greece must slash its deficit by some 4 % of GDP .
But , if the horror of Congo 's recent wars -- which have killed more people than any war since World War II -- is to end , the unspeakable must be spoken .
Thousand more peacekeepers -- let many of them be women -- must be deployed in the affected provinces .
The compromise reached at Nice four years ago is important because it contains , among other provisions , all the technicalities of voting balances and power sharing among EU institutions that must be firmly in place before the Union can admit new members .
The Irish people must be brought to understand that if they can not accept the Nice Treaty , nor can they block it .
Their decision must be respected . But they can not be allowed to stop the enlargement process .
Europe must accept the Central and Eastern European candidate countries into the Union , and must do so now .
For the Dreamliner to take off , ascend , and maintain a steady altitude , it must do more than move forward .
Specifically , policymakers must be open and willing to understand the unusual challenges facing the US economy , react accordingly , and possess sufficiently potent policy instruments .
It must move now to address the problem 's sources through multi-year programs that range from educational restructuring and worker retraining to productivity enhancement and housing-sector reform .
And it must do so while better protecting the long-term unemployed , many of whom bear little responsibility for their current , once unthinkable , and unfortunately long-lasting predicament .
It must be raised again this summer if the United States government is to continue paying its bills on time .
As the rescue is taking place , the vessel finds that it must also rescue two other , larger boats .
The second signal was sent when Greece successfully vetoed membership for Macedonia , a move that reflected the two countries ' unresolved conflict over Macedonia 's name -LRB- which Greece insists must be Former Yugoslav Republic Of Macedonia -- FYROM -- one of the most disgraceful acronyms harassing international politics today -RRB- .
If the Greeks can not see that , their partners must let them know that there is a price for their obstructive behavior .
Therefore we must come to terms with history , particularly in the Baltic Sea region , where such a reckoning is a fundamental precondition for building mutual confidence and cooperation .
The Danish philosopher Soren Kierkegaard put his finger on one of the more fundamental problems : `` Life must be lived forwards -- but can only be understood backwards '' .
European leaders must therefore take up two challenges .
First , they should say clearly to their own voters that the EU must live up to its promises to Turkey , and that this is in the larger interest of all Europeans .
This is why relations with Russia must also be placed high on Europe 's agenda this year .
If you look at the new map of Europe , it is obvious where the focus must be : Northwest Russia already shares borders with both the EU and NATO -LRB- a fact often missed by those who argue against `` expanding NATO right up to the borders of Russia '' -RRB- .
The driving force , however , can only be an understanding that EU enlargement must be regarded as a win-win situation for all countries involved directly or indirectly - including Russia .
To secure regional stability , Russia must be convinced that all countries have the right to choose the international organizations in which they wish to be members .
Yet , to obtain that kind of understanding , Russia must be able to see its own interests - in particular the economic health of Kaliningrad and Northwest Russia - taken into account as the EU enlarges .
So co-operation between Russia and the EU must be extended on many practical issues .
EU enlargement - and the process of involving Russia - must not be slowed by a lack of political will and vision among European leaders .
But the international community must hold the FRY to the same high standards for inclusion in intergovernmental structures that have been rightly required of Croatia and Bosnia since 1996 .
The common threat of international terrorism must be faced jointly .
The leaders of the well established European democracies must explain to their own voters that enlargement has greatly benefited them , and that it will also be to their benefit to share the responsibilities and costs of steering the hardest-hit countries through the crisis .
So this must be the hour of Europe .
If Europeans want their ambitions to be taken seriously , they must find ways to deal with the decline in Europe 's military power .
To be fulfilled , you must be in touch with yourself .
Such rhetoric makes wars easier to justify , easier to wage , and easier to support , especially for elected leaders who must respond directly to swings in public opinion . Such language works equally well for any society in today 's media-obsessed age .
But this does not imply that modern behavior must have developed in a single species .
So the game must be stopped , if only for the survival of innocent bystanders -- the rest of us .
Both led their countries into traps with which their successors must deal .
But members of the US Senate , which must confirm McFaul 's nomination , would do well to ask him about Surkov , a man who has overseen the destruction of Russian democratic politics .
Although he claims that he will not leave politics completely , he now looks like just another oligarch who must choose between capitulation , emigration , and imprisonment .
The messages must be stark : nuclear weapons are not only the most indiscriminately inhumane weapons ever invented , but the only ones capable of destroying life on this planet as we know it .
Declaring a no-fly zone is not a `` soft '' option : it must mean being prepared to shoot down any fighters , bombers , or helicopter gunships that breach it .
An invasion force , assuming that one could be mustered on short notice , would raise the stakes higher still .
US Senators John McCain and Joseph Lieberman , for example , have said that the aim must be not only to protect civilians , but also to drive Qaddafi from power .
The Security Council has written the right script ; we must now make sure that we follow it .
It must not cross it if it wants to preserve its own credibility , and the world 's capacity for intervention in similar conscience-shocking cases .
Indeed , the single most difficult issue inhibiting serious movement toward disarmament -- certainly in the case of Pakistan versus India , and Russia and China versus the US -- are conventional arms imbalances , and ways of addressing them must rise to the top of the policy agenda .
But some leaks are indefensible , and at least the sources must expect some punitive reckoning .
Leaks of this kind will reinforce the bureaucratic barriers that must be removed if policymaking and implementation are to be effective in all areas that require input , coordination , and common information and analysis across departments and agencies .
If the EU is to progress beyond the limits of a common economic and monetary policy and develop a defense and security policy along with a common foreign policy , the UK must be on board .
But other European countries must also understand British arguments in favor of the UK maintaining its own currency , given London 's importance as an international financial center as well as its privileged relations with more than 50 Commonwealth countries .
Europe 's own experience has taught us that a customs union must be the first step , and that sooner or later the more intense economic cooperation that a customs union imposes will compel its members to establish an economic community that has all the characteristics of a unified internal market .
Europe must be reinvented for this purpose , and broadening the EMU 's reach is the right place to start .
Such figures have led many observers to believe that overall domestic demand must be low , leaving China dependent on external markets for growth .
But the central government must be responsible for inflation in times of overheating , lest a bursting bubble fuel unemployment .
Of course , a country must deal with a savings rate that is `` too high '' even if it is not necessarily the main cause of external imbalances .
China must recognize that high savings will not provide stable growth over the long run .
But , even with a road , you still must pay for tolls , gasoline , fleet maintenance , and other costs -- and it can still take five days to get your goods to the coast if you want to export .
But these have occurred in every country at China 's current stage of development , and China , too must go through it .
China must keep these lessons in mind over the next 20-40 years .
To achieve `` permanent urbanization , '' China must develop a new safety net .
But , step-by-step , it can and must be done .
Asia 's current share of global GDP -LRB- about 38 % -RRB- is still far from what it was in 1820 , but both countries feel that they can -- and must -- participate in calling the global shots .
Now , the first priority must be a full and immediate ceasefire to end the suffering of unarmed civilians and make way for peace .
The international community must be guided in their actions by a common conviction that violence is never a viable solution .
Innovative and bold diplomatic initiatives for peace must be launched as an alternative to the logic of military force .
As well as taking collective action to stop the war in Lebanon and Gaza , key players like the `` quartet '' -- the UN , the United States , the European Union , and Russia -- must develop a comprehensive security framework for the Middle East .
If we hope to halt violent extremism , we must engage religious and militant groups in dialogue and address the root causes of violence .
For their part , radicalized groups must renounce violence and accept international principles and laws .
We therefore must support political alternatives to violent extremism .
If this effort is successful , the international community must cooperate fully and swiftly with the Palestinian Authority .
This policy of inclusion rather than exclusion is based on political pragmatism and the belief that this carnage can and must stop .
To save innocent people from paying with their lives , the world 's leaders must act quickly and boldly .
For it to be useful , believers in scarce oil must be able to predict such things as the timing of the oil peak , the state of demand when oil production reaches it , and the pattern of decline .
Despite the successes in treating HIV\/AIDS in the United States and other developed countries , it is clear that efforts to combat the pandemic must be scaled up in Africa , Asia , and other parts of the world where HIV\/AIDS exacts its greatest toll .
To succeed , we must solve the mystery of how to induce the human body to produce a protective immune response .
Although some characteristics of TB therapy , such as interruption of treatment , are well known predictors of multi-drug resistance , other aspects of treatment that reflect the health-care system , such as the drugs used and the length of therapy , must be studied to help improve control programs .
As a result , both the public and private sectors must accept the need for additional investments , as well as the potential costs of early capital retirement , in order to accelerate this process and deliver deep cuts in emissions .
But making and implementing the right decisions must begin now .
Governments must galvanize this transformation .
Action to counter the disaster must be taken , regardless of the cost .
So , if the US develops nuclear weapons that blur the distinction between conventional and nuclear forces , the message this sends to the rest of the world must be considered .
At a time when the US brands as `` evil '' certain countries based , in part , on their pursuit of nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction , it must be especially careful in how it considers its own options and contingencies regarding nuclear weapons .
That means that the dollar must fall substantially further to shrink the trade deficit to a sustainable level .
As long as the US has a current account deficit , the stock of foreign-owned claims on the US economy must rise .
This is not an easy task , because the European Central Bank must remain vigilant about rising inflation , and because many EU countries maintain large fiscal deficits .
Since reducing the trade deficit requires increasing exports and shrinking imports , the international value of the dollar must decline to make US products more attractive to foreign buyers and US goods and services more attractive to American consumers .
Such large fiscal deficits would mean that the government must borrow funds that would otherwise be available for private businesses to finance investment in productivity-enhancing plant and equipment .
But anyone who recalls what the American and British economies were like before Reagan and Thatcher , and who knows the changes that they introduced , must also recognize that the world can not go back .
To limit that increase , the euro must rise .
Their net foreign earnings must be invested in foreign countries ' stocks and bonds .
But to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio to the 60 % level prescribed by the Maastricht Treaty would require reducing the annual budget deficit to just 3 % of GDP -- the goal that the eurozone 's finance ministers have said that Greece must achieve by 2012 .
The European Central Bank must set monetary policy for the eurozone as a whole , even if that policy is highly inappropriate for some member countries .
That fall in wealth means that households must save more to prepare for retirement , and that retirees are not able to dissave as much as they did before .
While some of the funds serve that purpose and must be held in the most liquid form , most of these large holdings are investment funds that will be managed to balance risk and return .
But , despite this very tangible evidence , it would be wrong to conclude that US goods are now so cheap at the existing exchange rate that the dollar must rise from its current level .
The large trade deficit and equally large current account deficit -LRB- which includes net investment income -RRB- implies that foreign investors must add $ 700 billion of US securities to their portfolios .
So the key determinant of the dollar 's long-term value is that it must decline enough to shift the US trade balance from today 's deficit to a surplus .
That wo n't happen anytime soon , but it is the direction in which the trade balance must continue to move .
If the US experiences higher inflation than our trading partners , the dollar 's nominal value must fall even further just to maintain the same real value .
A country that saves more than it invests in equipment and structures -LRB- as China does -RRB- has the extra output to send abroad as a current-account surplus , while a country that invests more than it saves -LRB- as the United States does -RRB- must fill the gap by importing more from the rest of the world than it exports .
And a country with a current-account surplus has the funds to lend and invest in the rest of the world , while a country with a current-account deficit must finance its external gap by borrowing from the rest of the world .
To maintain price competitiveness , the gap between Greek wage growth and the rise in Greek productivity -- i.e. , output per employee hour -- must not be greater than the gap in other eurozone countries .
During the past 12 months , China had a current-account surplus of nearly $ 300 billion , which must be added to China 's existing holdings of securities denominated in dollars , euros , and other foreign currencies .
When it does , it must write down the principal value of that debt by at least 50 % .
At that point , both Republicans and Democrats will be able to accept reforms that they must reject now .
Regardless of what is done to provide a fiscal stimulus , governments around the world must act to fix dysfunctional credit markets .
To raise consumer spending , the Chinese government must reverse both of these trends .
The public pension system is unreliable , there is little health insurance available to pay for the high cost of Western-style care , parents must pay tuition for their children 's schooling , there is little credit available for purchases of consumer durable , and buying an apartment requires a large down-payment .
De Gaulle 's firmness and rhetoric -- aided , it must be said , by the fumbling of the rebels -- established the primacy of the state .
With the rise of the Tea Party , Republicans may rail against raising the debt ceiling , but they are likely to back down in the end , because , among other things , debt-funded wars -- say , in Afghanistan and Iraq -- are easier to defend than pay-as-you-go wars that voters must finance up front with taxes .
Europe is in for a spell of designer demagogy that thrives in affluence or ennui . But it must be resisted , because domestic peace depends on mutual respect for cultural plurality , because Europe 's changing demographic profile demands more open borders , not a gated continent , and because the new right 's inherent chauvinism is irreconcilable with the EU 's survival and success .
We must choose between a new coziness that includes demagogic populists , or a candor that defies them .
Knowledge of the potentially horrible consequences of a military confrontation and of the equally horrific consequences of an Iran in possession of the atomic bomb must force the US to abandon its policy of no direct negotiations and its hope for regime change .
The Bush administration must lead the Western initiative in harmonized , direct negotiations with Iran , and , if these negotiations succeed , the US must also be willing to agree to appropriate guarantees .
As all sides must be aware , time is running out for a diplomatic solution .
The Big Three of Europe -- and Germany , as the current EU president in particular -- must find a way to act together in strategic security matters .
But the world must not allow their freighted narratives about the past to cloud our actions to build a better future .
The EU must make it clear that it is ready to support Serbia -- and the region as a whole -- in realizing its European aspirations .
But the price of the EU 's support can not be changed : the major war criminals Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic must be delivered to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in The Hague .
After many futile efforts , the EU must get tough with the perpetrators .
Although it would be best if these options were adopted by the UN Security Council , the EU itself can and must act to increase the costs to the Sudanese government of its continued obstruction of aid deliveries and its delaying tactics on deployment of international peacekeepers .
The EU must freeze these individuals ' assets and impose an EU-wide travel ban on them .
The EU and its member states ' governments must enact legislation to ban companies based in their countries from direct involvement in Sudan 's petroleum sector and in industries related to it .
Instead of victory , the goal must be a minimum of stability -- and this still seems achievable .
This must happen in the emerging countries , and even more urgently in the old industrial economies .
Coping with this global challenge also offers an enormous opportunity for future prosperity and social justice that we must seize .
So we must hope that the World Cup in South Africa in 2010 will finally bring greater global parity .
The new transatlantic formula must be greater say in decision-making in exchange for a greater share of responsibility .
For , if disarmament is to become effective , the signal must come from the top -- the US and Russia .
This must change .
Iran must understand that without a diplomatic solution in the coming months , a dangerous military conflict is very likely to erupt .
All sides agree that , unless there is a diplomatic solution , Iran 's possession of nuclear weapons must be prevented in good time and by any means necessary .
But Europe must never accept a renewal of Russian great power politics , which operates according to the idea that might makes right .
Therefore , whoever wants cooperation with Russia -- which is in Europe 's interest -- must be strong .
That is the lesson from the violence in the Caucasus that Europe must urgently take to heart .
There must be an intrinsic correlation between the lack of developmental dynamism of most Middle Eastern societies and the fact that the region is so crisis-prone .
And the same applies to the increasing demand for energy : although the region as a whole is rich in energy resources , their uneven geographical distribution suggests that any viable solution must be built on cooperation .
Whether the consequences of this development will be good or bad depends on whether the region can muster the foresight and strength actively to shape this process .
The German chancellor and her Minister of Finance must now quickly learn from their mistakes of recent weeks .
NATO must play the central role here , because it is indispensable for the vast majority of Europeans and for America .
The EU was and is institutionalized compromise , and must remain so now , in the midst of a global economic crisis .
It must never be forgotten that the EU is a project designed for mutual economic progress .
Here is where Germany and France must lead the way .
But this green revolution must be about more than spending money ; it must also be about laws and standards , i.e. about political regulation and new technologies , as well as new products and markets , which mean new economic opportunities .
But we must understand that Copenhagen is also a big chance to revive the global economy .
A regime in Tehran that must demonstrate external strength to survive its shattered legitimacy at home would therefore make the comprehensive , negotiated settlement that the West seeks much more difficult and risky , if not impossible , to achieve .
This autumn , important decisions must be made , because the uranium enrichment process continues unabated in Iran .
Its leadership must therefore decide whether to take the hand offered by Obama or lead the region into a new phase of confrontation .
This means that , when considering a `` new eastern policy , '' the European Union must focus first and foremost on Ukraine .
The EU 's eastern member states , in particular , must not lose their interest in Ukraine 's future , otherwise the Union as a whole may soon do the same .
The fiscal deficit must now be redressed resulted not just from internal financial imbalances , but also from a political system that for too long time has been in denial of reality , allowing the country to live beyond its means .
Europe 's leaders -- first and foremost Germany and France , which will play the deciding role -- must act quickly and put through new , imaginative solutions .
The solutions that Europe 's leaders provide must go beyond Maastricht , but without triggering new institutional debates , which would lead us nowhere .
They must navigate the European ship safely through this storm .
As a first step , however , Greece must be given help , through the financial solidarity of EU governments .
It is in Berlin and Paris , first and foremost , that the crisis-management strategy for the eurozone must be decided .
Obama must finish the first two wars within his first term -- or at least massively reduce US military operations -- for domestic-policy and budgetary reasons , if he does not want to ruin his prospects for a second term .
Both countries together , however , must inaugurate the step towards economic union , which requires that both governments actually want that .
The crucial question that the US must ask both Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is whether they would be willing -- here and now -- to negotiate in earnest about the final status .
In the Middle East and the Maghreb , this external factor is missing ; democratic change must come from within each society .
Specifically , beyond direct help for Tunisia at this critical moment , the EU must breathe new life into the Mediterranean partnership .
The EU and its member states -- particularly Spain , France , Germany , and Italy -- should make this new form of energy production and cooperation the key project of the Mediterranean partnership , and must ensure the necessary political conditions to accomplish it rapidly .
Looking to the future , the whole approach to nuclear non-proliferation must change .
If the world is not one day to consist of a few big nuclear powers and many mid-sized and small ones , then the big nuclear powers must now undertake a serious disarmament and non-proliferation initiative .
Part of this initiative must be to provide , as a corollary to new disarmament requirements and control mechanisms , the assurance of non-discriminatory access to nuclear know-how , research , and technology .
The efforts involved in this great transformation must come from within these societies , and this in all likelihood is asking too much .
Economic aid , the opening of the EU and US markets , strategic energy projects , legal and constitutional advice , and cooperation between universities are among the resources that the West must supply if it wants to contribute to the success of the Middle East 's democratic awakening .
The country has lost its credibility with the United Nations and in the Middle East ; its claim to a permanent seat on the Security Council has just been trashed for good ; and one really must fear the worst for Europe .
BERLIN -- Twenty-five years after the nuclear disaster at Chernobyl , the ongoing catastrophe at the Fukushima nuclear reactor in Japan has -- it must be hoped -- made clear once and for all that the purported blessings of the nuclear age are mere illusions : nuclear power is neither clean nor safe nor cheap .
If Europeans want to keep the euro , we must forge ahead with political union now ; otherwise , like it or not , the euro and European integration will be undone .
More than ever , the EU must combine greater stability , financial transfers , and mutual solidarity if the entire European project is to be prevented from collapsing under the weight of the ongoing sovereign-debt crisis .
If the eurozone is to endure , a majority of its citizens , especially in Germany and France , must embrace the euro as their currency .
To paraphrase Bill Clinton : `` It 's the sovereignty , stupid ! '' Therefore , the first step must be to ensure a strong role for national parliaments in this process .
Of course , Turkey , in accordance with its political , security , and economic interests , has no choice but to pay close attention to its southern neighborhood , and must try to prevent chaotic developments there .
While Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?an 's government is trying to maintain good relations with Iran , its ambition to become the leading Sunni power means that Turkey must sooner or later contest Iran 's influence in Iraq , as well as in Syria and Palestine .
Security questions must be taken seriously , but they carry less and less weight , because a sufficiently long period can be left between the treaty 's conclusion and its full implementation to resolve them by mutual agreement .
Initially , such a chamber could be an advisory body , with the national parliaments maintaining their competencies ; later , on the basis of an intergovernmental treaty , it must become a real parliamentary control and decision-making body , made up of national parliaments ' delegated members .
In their stead must come , on the one hand , direct talks , security guarantees , and support in political and economic integration .
To meet expected demand over the next 20 years , global food supplies must increase by an estimated 50 % .
Better , environmentally sustainable livestock production systems need to be developed , and we must boost investment in capacity-building , services training , market access , and efforts to strengthen supply chains .
Equally important is research into the most effective measures to combat cross-border animal and plant diseases . Agriculture , after all , must be viewed in the context of the wider eco-system , which also means developing improved methods for conserving resources such as soil , forests , and fisheries .
To tackle global food security successfully , we must change the way we treat rural development , which requires adopting a much more bottom-up approach .
But problems at the top of the food system must be addressed as well .
If Europe is to be taken seriously as a global player , they argue , it must also flex some muscle when it delivers the money .
Europe has already tried incentives for withdrawal , but that alone will not suffice ; the cost of occupation must also be raised .
That is precisely why these violations must be made costly : to signal to Israeli voters that the cost of occupation is bound to rise .
Governments really have no choice : they must take responsibility and exercise power , even if it requires swimming against the tide of public opinion -- and especially if it can help alleviate the social suffering brought on by the crisis .
Yes , these countries will recover at a slower pace than elsewhere , but countries that have fallen into a deep hole must work harder than those that have fallen into a shallow one .
The European Commission is weary of trying to build a single energy market , which has required it to persuade governments that they must dismantle their existing monopoly operators -- a prerequisite to competition .
So the truth must lie elsewhere : the French are not hopeless about politics ; they are simply waiting for a genuine leader .
His mandate is much more demanding : he must reconcile France 's public interests with its private passions .
Yet such reductionism lies behind one of today 's dominant concepts , multiculturalism , according to which one of our identities must prevail above all others , serving as the sole criterion for organizing society into distinct groups .
To reverse the trend , French republicanism must , like English multiculturalism , contradict itself in order to fulfil itself .
The French must recognize that equality before the law is a core principle , but a weak one ; it needs to be complemented by a stricter vision of how to achieve equality .
But this identity must be open .
In the domestic law of self-defense , the use of force must always be both necessary and proportionate to the interest being protected .
Many legal systems now take the position that , with regard to property offenses at least , the victim must be willing to surrender his property when the only available option is to kill the thief .
For the use of force to be necessary , it must yield a direct military advantage that contributes to thwarting the aggression .
First , in international conflicts , the defending army must always protect the lives of its citizens , not just property interests .
To be a traitor you must first have a duty to be loyal .
The later Evangelist John concludes that because Jews deny the Christian Messiah they must be `` sons of the devil . ''
Lawyers must seek this distinction , for if we surrender to the rhetorical claims of statesmen and paranoids , the line between aggression and self-defense will disappear .
This makes little sense , because states must retain the right to defend themselves against impending attacks as well .
Israel 's bombing of the Osirak reactor must , therefore , be regarded as a `` preemptive '' or a `` preventive '' strike -- words meant to capture the shadow land of self-defense .
What is good for the goose must be good for the gander .
This brings into focus the second requirement of self-defense . Evidence of aggressive design must be public and visible to all .
The aggressor must do something that all can see as a dangerous threat by , for example , aiming a guided missile at a country and threatening to use it .
Like good theater , terrorism always acts out some moral drama , and to strike terror in the public mind , terrorists must act in public , without guilt or remorse .
Even so , now that the issue has been put before the Court , it must be discussed .
Although the world expects a negative decision , Israel can in fact muster a sound legal case .
Even if some Israeli officials are guilty of a crime in encouraging settlements , does that mean that the settlers must be viewed as complicit ?
As the late US Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis said , government must remain the `` omnipresent teacher '' of our highest ideals .
Another reason why guilt does not capture our situation is that the collective debt must be owed to some coherent collective entity , such as the Jewish people in the Holocaust .
The law of war , the Court reasoned , must reflect the consensus of all legal systems .
If there is to be real progress toward more effective and efficient global governance that can address the unprecedented challenges posed by climate change and the rest of the global agenda , we must do much more than look for an easy replacement for American hegemony .
We must figure out how to make sense of this enormous diversity of ways of saving the world .
Iran must persuade the world that it does not want the Bomb . ''
From time to time , Mohammed El Baradei , Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , has attempted to reintroduce reason and remind everyone that the focus must remain on capabilities , not intentions .
That said , Iran must still bring all of these programs together , and that can not happen undetected .
When the biologists objected that not all cells are spherical , Rashevsky responded that the theory must first be applied to the simplest cases .
Other factors must be behind the sharp rise in the diagnosis .
Nevertheless , the United States , Japan , and Europe -LRB- represented perhaps by the EU Commission -RRB- , must be there on the rich-country side ; China , India , and Brazil must be there on the developing-country side .
In Seoul , South Korea must be there as the host .
But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective : both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate .
Europe 's response to this process must embody the goal of an orderly and rapid transition .
The Union for the Mediterranean , launched by French President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2008 , must be revitalized and re-directed towards development projects ranging from highways and ports to the promotion of small and medium-size enterprises -LRB- SMEs -RRB- .
We Europeans must favor stability , create a real spirit of co-ownership , and promote political responsibility .
Europe 's strong support for the region 's economic development must remain the top priority , as Arab countries introduce necessary reforms .
At the same time , the EU must launch a `` dialogue among equals '' on political and security matters , aimed at confidence-building across the region .
Nevertheless , drawing Libya deeper into international discourse , despite the possibility of roadblocks along the way , is a strategic decision that , now that it has been taken , the West must pursue with patience , perseverance , and constant nurturing .
In March 2000 , EU leaders meeting in Lisbon set the goal of making Europe the world 's most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy by 2010 , and two years later they agreed that investment in R&D must reach 3 % of GDP by 2010 .
But the EU and European governments must do more .
European leaders must therefore substantially increase research funding when the EU budget is next due for revision in 2008 and 2009 .
Finally , Europe must place more emphasis on basic research .
The part of the brain that generates actions - the frontal cortex - must be sending signals to regions of the brain where sensations are processed , but we know very little about the nature of these signals or the precise pathways involved .
In calling for measures to `` guard against systemic risk , '' the G-20 summit has begun the process of reconstruction by recognizing that the system in its entirety , not just individual institutions , must be regulated .
Hobbes , Locke , and Montesquieu reacted to such horrors as the Thirty-Year War by arguing that religion and politics must be separated in the interest , first and foremost , of ensuring civil peace .
True , they must endeavor to be much greater than the sum of their parts .
But this means that a university 's value must not be measured only by the short-term benefits it provides for immediate clients .
Even if someone 's work is criticized , it must be credited properly .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future .
To lodge an accusation , the accuser must establish that some harm has been committed , which is then shown to have been the fault of the accused .
As with John Maynard Keynes 's notion that returns on public investment must be measured as the long-term consequence of other investments that it stimulates across the economy and society , so , too , with the knowledge generated by the humanities .
`` This must be an exception , '' they kept repeating , like a mantra or a prayer .
The military government will do anything to remain in power , and their violent acts must be exposed to the world .
President Musharraf , who anointed himself president this June after having served as Pakistan 's `` chief executive '' since the coup , must deal with many hostile domestic constituencies , including a plethora of religious organizations and political parties which have flourished in Pakistan since the 1980s .
Additionally , President Musharraf must also deal with skeptical elements within his own military who benefit from maintaining hostility toward India .
Worse , he must persuade hostile segments of his own Bharatiya Janata Party and various allied organizations , such as the Hindu nationalist Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh , that improving relations with Pakistan is in India 's interest .
He must also cope with the tantrums of the Congress Party , the principal opposition party in parliament , known for its fickleness .
However , Vajpayee 's troubles are even more legion , for to make progress in relations with Pakistan he must address the strident demands emerging from a Kashmiri pro-secessionist organization , the All-Party Hurriyat Conference -LRB- APHC -RRB- .
The weight of mutual historical grievances -LRB- real and imaginary -RRB- , the varied and disparate constituencies that both leaders must address , and the thorny nature of the Kashmir question promise that this summit will , at best , result in the initiation of a process of consultation and dialogue .
Finally , the drug reaches the market , where it must be followed closely , because many adverse reactions are detected only with a large number of patients and after years of use .
Unfortunately , this is not required by current legislation in Europe , where only quality , efficacy , and safety must be demonstrated , without any need for comparative studies .
Clearly , health authorities must take closer control of information by becoming more responsible for physicians ' continuous education .
Finally , incentives must be found to encourage pharmaceutical companies to develop drugs that fulfill the needs of patients still awaiting therapy .
Although the needs of krill-dependent species were previously considered for large areas of the Southern Ocean , the CCAMLR must still scientifically subdivide the overall catch limit into smaller units .
The CCAMLR 's members must honor the organization 's mandate for conservation and ensure that there is enough `` pink gold '' to feed the penguins and other wildlife that depend on it .
Antarctic krill must not be fished to feed the fish farms of the world while starving the penguins , seals , whales , and other species whose survival depends on these tiny , but vitally important , creatures .
So , first , we must restore the broad vision of global cooperation contained in the G-20 growth pact -LRB- which has since been downgraded to what the IMF now calls `` an in-depth analysis of ... those countries identified as having large imbalances '' -RRB- .
But a broader and deeper agenda is needed : China should agree to raise household spending and consumer imports ; India should open its markets so that its poor can benefit from low-cost imports ; and Europe and America must boost competitiveness in order to increase their exports .
The G-20 's growth compact must be a jobs compact , too .
Setting such a precedent in Kosovo must be avoided to ensure stability not only in the Balkans , but in all countries with dissatisfied ethnic minority populations .
The territorial integrity and sovereignty of Serbia must be preserved in accordance with the United Nations Charter , the 1975 Helsinki Agreement Final Act guaranteeing the boundaries of Europe , and UN Resolution 1244 of 1999 , which guaranteed Serbia 's existing borders .
If Venezuela is to reform , change must start at the top .
Quite simply , if the European Union is to overcome national parochialism and embrace a shared and binding purpose , it must abandon the rhetoric of accountants and speak in a language that comprehends what is good and bad , beautiful and ugly , right and wrong .
To be sure , Europe has paid a heavy and painful price for its religious rifts , and these feuds must not be rekindled .
But the Constitution must not only introduce more clarity , transparency , and efficiency into the workings of European institutions ; it must also bring the EU closer to its citizens .
On the contrary , the concept of human dignity must encourage a radical opening towards others .
In fact , human rights must define the very image of Europe ; it must be its emblem or even its `` religion . ''
But most importantly , European integration must not only define institutions and policies , but it must also galvanise ideas .
The creation of that body was an important step , because it introduced a set of criteria that must be fulfilled by countries that want to call themselves democratic .
The weapons of shame and international opprobrium should be mustered to make it impossible for any democratic nation to legitimize a coup in another democratic country .
It should become a principle of international relations that democracy and democratization must be supported in all situations ; that democratic societies should forego any opportunistic benefits that may come from supporting the enemies of democracy .
Fourth , the EU 's aspiration for a common foreign and security policy must be addressed .
The threats facing the world today are supranational , so counteracting them must be supranational , too .
That debate must continue , even if the French and Dutch referenda appear to have killed the Constitutional Treaty .
Fourth , the EU 's aspiration for a common foreign and security policy must be addressed .
The threats facing the world today are supranational , so counteracting them must be supranational , too .
But if Bashir Assad wants Syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance , he must undertake political , cultural , and economic liberalization .
All the walls that separate the region from integration into the modern and global community must be brought down .
Other children load and transport items in the markets , where they must pull carts weighing 60-70 kilograms and carry boxes weighing 15 kilograms in temperatures of 50 degrees centigrade . Two children may unload a truck carrying 1,000 kilograms of food items .
They must perform household chores and are subject to beating if they do not carry out orders issued by male family members .
If we are to have the resources for public goods other than health care -- say , education , national parks , and highways , not to mention medical care for children and the poor -- we must put the brakes on technology .
To see a world-wide epidemic of fat caused by a conspiracy of fast-food producers and our genes strikes one as weird : but the dieting culture relies on the sense that we must control this epidemic .
We must understand this as a process of creating ideal or normal bodies -- those bodies that we desire to inhabit , but almost certainly will not .
But as we deepen our experience of humanitarian relief and development , we must learn the lessons of the past and understand how much more there is to know .
In order to do this , we must take back as state revenue the profits from the exploitation of our natural wealth , double the budget , and guarantee everyone 's real right to free education and healthcare .
Real wages should grow fourfold by 2010 ; pensions must also grow accordingly .
Economic growth must encompass all regions of the country , and people must have equal social guarantees , rights , and opportunities regardless of their place of residence .
To give Russians back a feeling of pride in their homeland , and to create the conditions for a revival of our historical spiritual and cultural traditions , we must revive our schools , eradicate the spirit of depravity and violence in the media , provide everyone with access to masterpieces of Russian culture , and create the conditions for a social partnership between the state and the church .
But it is a malady that must be resisted if these societies are to continue to prosper and developing countries are to fight poverty and sustain economic growth .
Of course , there are short-run , local costs to higher rates of migration that must be addressed if societies are to enjoy the much larger long-term benefits .
If the Khmer Rouge trials are to proceed , donor countries must see the Extraordinary Chambers as a prudent investment toward a stable and productive Cambodia .
Given how long it has taken to get this far , donors must act quickly to come up with the necessary funds .
In order to ensure a credible process , Cambodia and the UN must select judges of the highest caliber , not those that toe a party line .
Prosecutors must follow the evidence wherever it leads .
The UN must make clear that it will halt the tribunal if it falls short of international standards .
For now , the Court can best address skeptics by more regularly and transparently explaining itself -- its decisions , its mandate , and its constraints -- to a global public to whom it ultimately must answer .
Today , however , President Putin recognizes that economics will determine Russia 's future , and so the `` power '' ministries must take a back seat to Russia 's modernization and development .
Russian generals insist that conscription must be maintained so that , if necessary , a large-scale war can be waged .
So once again Russians must face how ineffective their military is .
This must change if Russia is to prevent future Beslans .
To meet today 's threats , troops must be able to take individual responsibility and initiative , and need to be trained to react resourcefully and at a moment 's notice .
The entire military philosophy in Russia must be changed .
So some kind of system of incentives must be devised to encourage a large portion of settlers to repatriate and to allow for the continued presence of the others in the territories while respecting Palestinian sovereignty .
Similar pressure must be brought to bear to compel Nigeria to surrender Taylor to the Special Court in Sierra Leone .
Thus , the general who yearned to see his picture in Chilean history books next to that of our liberator , Bernardo O'Higgins , must now resign himself to dying abandoned even by those who , until only two years ago , revered and honored him .
If Bachelet , who has already served as Minister of Health and Minister of Defense , is to succeed as president , she must transform this other Chile , where 18 % of the population is poor , and 5 % indigent .
It is just a matter of getting things done , and it must be done the most effective way , so the operations occur according to the institutional philosophies of donor countries .
And this can not be merely intuitive . It must be scientific , that is , based on the best methods and models .
The sky must belong to the people .
Water consumption also must be addressed .
Agronomical research and technical innovations are crucial to maximizing water efficiency in this sector , and they must be taken much further .
Humanity must begin to resolve this water dilemma .
The declaration must stipulate that a legally binding agreement must be finalized by COP15-bis in 2010 .
Just do it ! '' And it was done by the morning . Today 's leaders must come to Copenhagen and say , `` We want this done ! ''
To move forward , the Copenhagen meeting must break the political deadlock between industrialized and developing states .
Climate injustice must be redressed , as developing countries bear the brunt of the impact and face massive adaptation costs .
Leaders must be honest about the scale of the challenge and recognize that a systemic and transformational change , not incremental gestures , is required .
The official response to climate change must be recalibrated to the level and urgency of the threat .
A new global agreement must be science-based , not a lowest-common-denominator compromise watered down by vested interests .
Major developing countries must also commit to nationally appropriate mitigation actions .
But the rich must move first .
But , in order for that to happen , a new agenda for Russia must be developed this year .
But his statements are only a first step toward formulating a new Russian agenda , the first point of which must be a renewal and acceleration of movement toward real and effective democracy .
The new agenda must also include a strong economic component .
I am convinced that Medvedev must become the leader in the process of formulating the new Russian agenda , and he must act in the coming year .
That catastrophe must be forestalled .
This step must be related to limits on missile defense , one of the key issues that undermined the Reykjavik summit .
But the buildup of conventional military forces -- driven in large part by the enormous military might deployed globally by the US -- must be addressed as well .
Our efforts 25 years ago can be vindicated only when the Bomb ends up beside the slave trader 's manacles and the Great War 's mustard gas in the museum of bygone savagery .
Moreover , because the regions in which Russia has interests face a number of problems , it must seek influence over the strategies for these regions pursued of other powers of various sizes , from China and the US , to the EU and Iran .
To fix its domestic problems , America must tighten its budget , not drive down the dollar 's value .
Their thinking is at the forefront of a widening recognition that France must face the world 's challenges as they really are , not as the French want them to be .
There will only be grandeur when the French assume a status that justifies grandeur ... There must be more production , more productivity ; -LRB- we -RRB- must transform the country from a material point of view . ''
If the world economy is to recover , the diplomatic failures and name-calling must end .
If people are to feel committed to the place where they live , they must be allowed to influence decision-making , and that influence should not depend on nationality .
His challenge will be to resist the temptation to seek short-term popularity , recognizing instead that China 's stock market must endure short-term pain to win long-term gains .
More private firms must be allowed to make IPOs . # 4 .
As the government steps up privatization , the CSRC must encourage such sales and continue to establish a framework for mergers and acquisitions to support them .
Moreover , the country 's continuing high levels of fixed-asset investment make sense -- building roads , water pipes , metro systems , telecommunication networks , and electronics factories is what a vast and rapidly modernizing country must do .
Several other obstacles must nonetheless be surmounted in order to boost consumption .
That August , construction workers in Qiqihar mistakenly ruptured mustard gas canisters left from the wartime Japanese occupation , injuring dozens and killing at least one .
Multilateral financial institutions must maintain their central function in the international development architecture , and in particular in financing infrastructure investment .
Poverty and misery must also be reduced if despair is not to incite new sources of fanatical violence .
To achieve this , foreign aid must be doubled from $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion a year until 2015 -- a date agreed by 140 world leaders at the UN 's millennium summit in 2000 .
But for a private sector to develop , governments must provide well-defined and legally protected property rights , and they must reduce red tape .
But for peer reviews to work , they must embody international practice and full transparency .
Like Southern Europe , the US economy must move away from the consumption\/housing-led growth model of the last decade .
The key point is not that manufacturing jobs are somehow better , but rather that we must consider the asymmetry in the structural-adjustment process .
This is the price that the US must pay for its lunch : Americans can continue to consume a lot , but the jobs are elsewhere .
The US must choose between job creation , which requires a more competitive exchange rate , and cheap financing of its external and fiscal deficits .
If this line is to be maintained , the exit door must immediately be made much wider , and huge fire extinguishers must be brandished .
The International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank must show investors that they have enough funding to finance the simultaneous exit of all short-term investors .
But the opposite is also true : when an import boom ends , measured GDP must drop considerably , because much less intermediation is needed .
Governments in the eurozone 's periphery , including Spain and Italy , now face a dilemma : they must undertake structural reforms to increase their long-term potential growth , but at the cost of even greater short-term pain .
Any holder of Greek debt , especially long-term debt , must calculate the likelihood that Greece 's political system will prove strong enough to push through the reforms needed to enable the country to service its debt fully -LRB- and on time -RRB- .
The collective judgment of financial markets on any government 's economic and fiscal policy is expressed in the risk premium that the government must pay on its external debt .
The view that member states can not be allowed to fail logically implies that a political or at least a fiscal union must underpin the euro .
But to be effective in the cause of heroism , the hero must die promptly .
So the direction in which he intends to lead must be read from his actions , and these are unlikely to be definitive in the short term .
If Sarkozy 's presidency has any relevance to Franco-German relations , it may be to reinforce the view that the EU needs new leadership , and that it must still be based on the founding partners .
France and Germany , along with the other EU states , must bear in mind that the Lisbon Treaty is , in effect , a European constitution , framed to lead the Union into the twenty-first century , and that its success requires broader leadership .
France must show during its presidency that it truly cares for Europe and its role in the world , and that the EU is more than a French tool .
As Europe knows , constructing an economically and socially integrated zone offers the best opportunity to resolve conflicts and overcome political and cultural enmities . But all partners must first get their own houses in order : Europe must strengthen its economic and political integration , and Africa must improve its governance by fighting corruption and establishing the rule of law more firmly .
Having suffered the oppressive practices of Turkey 's `` secular '' state and recognizing that human rights must be protected across-the-board , the AKP emerged as a credible interlocutor with the West .
So politicians everywhere must do their duty and exercise responsible leadership .
So be it : a moral , and perhaps legal , reckoning must await the return of economic growth .
The mechanics of the welfare state will need to be strengthened ; public policy must stop deferring to the financial sector , regardless of the need for bailout packages .
As governments embark on their necessary and bold experiments , they must remember to take their citizens with them .
What countries must do to join the World Trade Organization is precisely what they must do to become productive and democratic : accept the rule of law , reduce corruption , and become open , accountable , and transparent .
Displaced farmers and workers must be provided with the education and training required to enter new jobs , as well as the funds , health care , and other essential services that they need to tide them through the transition .
There also must be limits on the power of the central government and the presidency , a degree of regions autonomy , and rule of law -- in short , the rudiments of a modern state and democracy .
Moreover , states must be prepared to cede some sovereignty to world bodies if the international system is to function .
All of this suggests that sovereignty must be redefined if states are to cope with globalization .
Our notion of sovereignty must therefore be conditional , even contractual , rather than absolute .
The aim must be to create an environment in which terrorism is seen as neither acceptable nor necessary .
Terrorism must be stripped of its legitimacy ; those carrying it out must be shamed .
Ripeness has several elements : there must be a formula for the parties involved to adopt , a diplomatic process to get them to that point , and protagonists who are able and willing to make a deal .
More than anything else , Palestinians must come to associate peace and diplomacy with improvement in their living conditions .
Fourth , a path must be provided for those who did not attend the meeting to join the process at a later date .
This means that Arab governments , led by Egypt and Jordan , but including Saudi Arabia and other members of the Arab League , must publicly declare their willingness to support a peace that is based on coexistence with Israel .
Parents , religious figures , and political leaders must delegitimize terrorism by shaming those who embrace it .
More importantly , governments must find ways to integrate alienated young men and women into their societies , which requires greater political freedom and economic opportunity .
To succeed , though , it must be recast to include entities other than the great powers .
Indeed , Chinese economic growth must be acknowledged as one of history 's great achievements in poverty reduction .
Behind this prediction is a widely shared assessment that the trends in Afghanistan -LRB- unlike in Iraq -RRB- are negative , and that the US must strengthen its military presence there and revise its strategy if the Taliban are not to gain the upper hand .
Beyond this , international forces must secure and eliminate all weapons of mass destruction ; prevent ethnic and religious tensions from erupting into violence ; ensure that none of Iraq 's neighbors exacerbates an already volatile situation .
Over the longer term , we must help Iraqis rebuild their police and military forces so that they can provide their own safety and security without threatening anyone .
Responsible Iraqi leaders must be helped to channel today 's tremendous political ferment in constructive directions .
And it is not just the developing and emerging countries that must reconsider their approach to the world .
The US must do so as well . While much has been said and written about America 's call for China to become a global stakeholder , China will not simply sign on as a pillar of an American-defined world .
Yes , Congress must declare war , approve spending , agree to most senior appointments , and -LRB- in the case of the Senate -RRB- ratify treaties , but the president has enormous latitude when it comes to carrying out diplomacy and using military force in situations other than war , which tend to be most situations .
The objective must be to slow the political clock .
More must be done to interrupt the recruitment of terrorists , thereby reducing the threat before it materializes .
Terrorism must be stripped of any legitimacy that it may be viewed as having .
Pakistani leaders must choose once and for all .
Pakistanis must understand that they will forfeit some of those rights if they do not meet their obligation to ensure that their territory is not used to shelter terrorists .
Weak governments can be made stronger ; governments that tolerate or support terrorism must be held accountable .
Terrorism must lose its legitimacy among those who have historically supported or tolerated it before it will lose its potency .
Moreover , US policy must create an environment in which a rising China is never tempted to use its growing power coercively -- within or outside the region .
But , like medical doctors ' Hippocratic oath , America and others must pledge to do no harm in promoting democracy .
Unrestrained zeal to make the world better could make it worse . Promoting democracy must be undertaken with humility , care , and wisdom .
Finally , political reform must go hand in hand with economic and educational reform for all the citizens in a society , including the 50 % who happen to be women .
Instead of throwing up our hands in despair , we should adhere to a distinction dear to the great German sociologist Max Weber , for now is a time when the ethics of responsibility must prevail over the ethics of conviction .
Today , in a world changed by globalization , France must face the difficult challenge posed by its new immigrants : maintaining the principles at the core of French identity while meeting the desire of some of its new citizens to maintain their own identity , which may in fact oppose some of those principles .
One of the greatest challenges China must confront before the WTO treaty enters into force in 2007 is to prepare the country 's banking system for privatization and competition with foreign banks .
China must now take further action to bolster consumer spending , which slumped to only 36 % of GDP in 2007 , from over 50 % during the 1980 's , owing to the economy 's heavy dependence on exports and capital spending since the late 1990 's .
A systemic solution must precede , not follow , the creation of new European institutions .
With these crucial issues unresolved , we are creating a Europe-wide system that violates the golden rule of any institutional design : decisions should be made by those who bear responsibility and who ultimately must pay .
Both Greek and Turkish Cypriots must take proper responsibility for any solutions that are negotiated and stand behind their decisions during any subsequent referendum campaign .
The UN , the EU , Greece , Turkey , and UN Security Council members must be united in their support for any renewed effort to reach a settlement .
While the EU must be present , it can not be a neutral mediator , since Greece and Cyprus are both members .
The Security Council must also give support to the UN 's negotiators and guarantee the provisions of any settlement .
Will the political parties finally realize that they must stop looking to the US and start being more responsive to their own people ?
It is a universal good that all must seek .
Whether threatened by fascism , communism , terrorism , or any other form of fanaticism , freedom must defend itself in ways that do not become self-destructive .
Many Europeans share this belief , but , as the EU considers entering the fray of Middle East peace talks , it must respond to former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's jibe that in the region `` you are payers , not players . ''
A stability charter to address people 's concerns in terms of land ownership , the economy , demography , and supra-national cooperation must form the core of future dialogue and investment .
For peace to take root , long-term regional interests must overcome national agendas .
It is this vital multilateral ethos that Europe must champion .
An enforced template of international law is essential -- one with which all state and non-state actors must comply .
Violators of international law must be made aware that the Middle East is subject to the same norms as other regions , and that the principles of democracy belong as much to its people as to those of more politically developed nations .
The complementarities between countries rich in human resources and oil-producing states should be harnessed , while energy-derived investment must be diverted from the old markets of the West to the Gulf 's troubled hinterland .
A regional agenda must be created to help identify priorities , based on a three-pronged strategy that includes energy and water policy , arms control , and debt reduction .
Any such manifesto must address the two elephants in the room -- Palestine and the price of oil -- as well as the extent to which regional water and energy resources , now rapidly depleting , should be shared .
The US must stand by its core beliefs in an open society and a liberal international order .
It is my profound conviction that Russia does not deserve that we behave towards it as we would towards a leper , an invalid or a child who requires special treatment and whose whims , no matter how dangerous , must be understood and tolerated .
Yet , as a citizen of a European postcommunist country , I must admit that when I listen to the mantra-like claims about our Western affiliation , the Western direction of our policies , and the obligation of Western organizations , such as NATO and the EU , to offer us speedy admission , I often feel somewhat uncomfortable . There is an implied tone underlying this rhetoric that I find disturbing .
Respect for other identities , and a certainty that all are equal , must be concomitants of the effort to forge a world order based on genuine peace and partnership , an order emanating from a universally shared commitment to certain absolutely fundamental moral and political principles .
If we do not want to be overrun by anonymous forces , the principles of freedom , equality and solidarity - the foundation of stability and prosperity in Western democracies - must start working globally .
It is suicidal for the EU to draw on Europe 's worst political traditions , the common denominator of which is the idea that evil must be appeased and that the best way to achieve peace is through indifference to the freedom of others .
We must never forget the seemingly anonymous victims of Castro 's `` acts of rejection . ''
Both Israelis and Palestinians must understand that the mere application of force will never be enough to achieve their long-term ends .
One key element in building up a structure for reconciliation must be economic growth .
Of course , Israel 's need for security must be understood by all sides , but confidence-building measures are needed from all sides as well .
If the Fertile Crescent is not to become a futile crescent , we must wake up and find the moral courage and political vision for a quantum leap in Palestine .
The EU should not and must not repeat this error .
Political leaders must speak up loud and clear against these terrible crimes .
They must underline the great danger posed for the health of both Russian society and the state when people who are acting in the public interest are silenced through murder .
And the international community must find ways to provide support , protection , and shelter to Russia 's endangered human rights defenders .
The international community must judge Burma 's generals by their actions , not their words and promises .
Before Burma 's fate is sealed in a new-model dictatorship , the United Nations must immediately and vigorously embark on a fresh process designed to deliver national reconciliation and democracy to that troubled country .
The international community , East and West , must unite behind a UN-led initiative to start genuine dialogue .
But , for this dialogue to have any real legitimacy , it must include the Nobel Peace Prize laureate Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , who has endured decades of house arrest , and her party , the NLD .
Pressure must be brought to bear to bring Burma 's generals to a negotiating table where real negotiations take place . All the tools at the disposal of the international community should be used to bring this about .
The pressure on Burma 's generals must also be bilateral and multilateral -- and should be reinforced by carefully calibrated economic measures , including targeted financial and banking sanctions .
Action must also be taken to end the impunity with which the Burmese generals have ruled .
Saudi King Abdullah chastised Prince Muhammad for recklessness , but the King must also be thankful that his family has produced a security chief who has broken the back of Al-Qaeda , at least inside the Kingdom .
Dissent , should it arise , must always take the form of well-intentioned advice given to the ruler in a private setting .
Nations must act now to ensure that everyone -- regardless of wealth , ethnicity , sex , or religion -- has the same rights , and that these rights are enshrined in laws at the time they are enacted .
They must , instead , encourage nations positively to promote the principle of equal rights in keeping with current interpretations of international obligation .
The Bundesrat , the upper house where the federal states -LRB- Bundeslnder -RRB- are represented , must approve most laws .
Verbal statements about the perceived distance of the moon are described as inferences based on perceived size rather than descriptions of experience : `` The Moon looks big so it must be close . ''
Accordingly , when the object appears to be at different distances , the perceived size of the object must change .
Although cuts in CO2 emissions and agreement on funding and finance are necessary goals , the geopolitical reality is that climate change can not be decoupled from trade or discussions on exchange rates , the IMF , reform of the UN , and so on . There is a quid pro quo that no one explicitly talks about but which must be addressed : trade-offs between these negotiations , not just within them .
Worryingly , `` Copenhagen 2 '' will not only have to navigate this complicated terrain , but it must do so in less than five years .
The world 's governments must be able to trade horses if pandas and presidents are to do more than smile .
Moments like these are especially challenging for foreign policymakers , who must keep one eye on the world as it is and the other on the world as it might be in the future .
Hardly a day goes by without a major newspaper somewhere in the West offering sage and specific , but often not-so-friendly , advice to distant struggling democracies on what they `` must '' do to earn the `` international community 's '' approbation .
We should therefore focus on meeting international human-rights standards as a goal that a new democracy `` must '' -LRB- to use a favorite word of Western editorial writers -RRB- move toward quickly .
For example , any leadership in Egypt must deal with more democratic internal structures -LRB- such as parliamentary committees -RRB- in the future .
World leaders must help the battered peace process pick itself up from the canvas , clear its head , and fight on .
A decision was made to engage militarily in a situation of arguably marginal interest , but now all of the allies must understand that they are using serious means to a serious end .
All of the countries that took the decision to intervene in Libya , including the US , must conduct themselves with a sense of renewed vigor , and with the understanding that NATO -- whatever its shortcomings and shortfalls -- must prevail .
A little longer , and he would outlast Margaret Thatcher 's record-breaking tenure , which must have been a temptation .
So Blair 's concession that he must leave office , a decision so long postponed and so disastrously protracted , represents among other things a triumph of the mundane over the permanent temptation to believe that politics is about anything else .
It dawns on you that the voice you heard must have sprung from your own mind .
But credible criticism must be based on evidence -- and on generally applicable criteria of judgment .
Moreover , a hydrogen fueling infrastructure must be built .
Above all , these supplements to military action would help conciliate Arabic and Islamic populations to the logistical support that their US-allied governments must necessarily lend to a lethal American response .
We must prevent displacement from occurring , and end it as quickly as possible .
Those who forcibly displace civilians in violation of international law must be held accountable in order to deter others in the future .
States that are not involved in the conflict are also required to uphold the rights of the displaced , including the right to return to their homes wherever possible , and this must be addressed in peace agreements and enforced in peacekeeping mandates .
Addressing the root causes and reducing the impact of displacement should start by heeding victims ' voices -- their needs and wishes must be understood and their rights respected .
The international community can help . But national authorities must lead .
Civil society groups must now assert themselves .
They must demand a voice in planning and implementing the reconstruction effort and , along with international donors , transparency and public auditing of where aid is spent .
First , American impatience must be held in check . Pakistan is expected to deliver results on al-Qaeda and the Taliban .
The third element of Musharraf 's strategy is more positive : he knows that he must do some good -- and also be seen doing it .
Poverty alleviation , central to the UN Millennium Development Goals , is largely measured in GDP growth , but must include sustainable management of the natural capital on which economic health depends .
We must drive home the message that Third World hunger remains a massive global problem to which we have a moral responsibility to respond .
If we are to have a good chance of achieving that target , the concentration of CO2 must not be allowed to exceed 450 parts per million -LRB- it is now nearly 390 ppm -RRB- .
This implies that before 2050 global emissions of CO2 must be reduced to below 50 % of the 1990 level -LRB- they are currently 15 % above that level -RRB- , and that average emissions in developed countries must be reduced by at least 80 % of the 1990 level .
Every effort must be made to ensure that future disagreements , which will undoubtedly arise , do less damage .
So I have no doubt that Britain must remain influential within the Union .
Of course there are basic requirements that all member states must accept .
Islamists who praise it as a platform for their own views must deal with the fact that it also offers a voice to Israelis .
If an entire society believes that you can not depend on legal rights for protection - that one must instead rely on a web of relationships with those who have power and influence - questions about whether such a society is livable or desirable will remain .
So , before any operation , commanders must determine which troops can take part and in what capacity , hampering both efficiency and effectiveness .
Firm commitments at Riga of more allied troops and equipment for the ISAF and fewer national `` caveats '' must be part of the answer .
But allied leaders must also act on the knowledge that NATO does not have the skills , resources , or experience to take full charge of meeting Afghanistan 's requirements for external civilian help .
That task must belong to the European Union , the one institution with the collective means , skills , resources , and -- potentially -- the leadership to relieve NATO and ISAF of burdens for which they are not suited .
The Iraqi refugees are a crisis that can not be ignored : the international community must alleviate the burden on the countries in the region , while offering resettlement opportunities to many more of the most vulnerable Iraqis .
Aid workers who have been in the country for a dozen years , especially from groups like my own IRC , must work with all parties to the conflict because civilians in need are everywhere .
This moment must be seized not only to beef up MONUC , but , more importantly , to use all existing leverage with the combatants and the governments that back them to get all the parties to return to the negotiating table .
The televised tragedy , and the shortcomings that can be observed close up , can and must be stopped , lest -- as often happens with Congo -- the crisis disappears from the front pages , while the killing continues unseen .
Democracy movements in Lebanon , Egypt , and elsewhere in the region must face the challenge of incorporating Islamist parties into democratic systems .
Whatever one thinks of American military intervention , one must concede that it has altered the region 's dynamics .
This is what the enemy hopes for . Al-Quaeda must be hoping to lure long convoys of American soldiers and their equipment into those high , narrow mountain passes where the Russians were drawn in to their deaths .
But this is a recipe for further decline in Europe 's competitiveness -- one that we must reject sooner rather than later .
Even so , they all must make a real and symbolic break with the past .
The new authorities must send strong signals that the old ways are finished .
Change must be formally manifested , with new laws that are widely publicized .
Legislation that empowers citizens with freedom of expression , free and independent elections , and freedom of association is crucial , and it must be made clear to the public that no one is above the law .
New leaders must also expect and manage setbacks .
But economic success without accountability and social inclusion is not sustainable , and new governments often must face tough choices in order to protect the poor and vulnerable .
Some must pay excessive taxes , while others operate out of tax havens .
While such decisions must not ignore longer-term developments , the time horizon for inflation forecasts is usually only one to two years , beyond it gets highly uncertain .
A common bond would eliminate the interest-rate spread between bonds issued by different euro-zone countries , so the question that must be addressed is what effect its issuance would have on the level of the interest rate , and more importantly on future fiscal policy and the euro itself .
They must recognize that a long-term presence by US troops is out of the question , but that US combat forces will be needed in Iraq -- albeit with a diminishing role -- for the next five years .
In the meantime , US forces must support Iraqi efforts to strengthen the country 's own military and security forces , while simultaneously disbanding all militias .
Like Japan in the 1980 's , China must defend itself from US claims that the renminbi 's weakness is the source of the imbalances between the two countries .
So , if China is to draw the correct lesson from the Japanese experience , it must know what really happened in Japan back then .
After all , one must remember , the Bolivarian Revolution 's supposed `` enemy '' is the US , and no one else .
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
Brazil 's current success is rooted not only in Lula 's two terms , which must end in 2010 .
If Brazil is to remain on its prosperous path , it must continue to give higher priority to its social and economic programs than to foreign adventures .
He said , `` If you want to be accepted as equals by Gadje -LRB- non-Roma -RRB- , you must be better educated than they are .
The new EU member states , which have lower energy efficiency , stand to benefit the most -- though substantial hurdles must be overcome with additional support mechanisms .
The first order of business , however , must be to resolve inter-state conflicts , such as the Algerian-Moroccan dispute over the Western Sahara , which prevent the creation of a unified Maghreb .
Second , inflows of new workers bring substantial benefits as well as losses : in France , which suffers a shortage of some 6,000 plumbers , there must be plenty of households that would be pleased to find someone qualified to do repair work .
Some thinkers , most notably Max Weber , floated the idea that capitalism must be sustained by a value system that could not initially be created from within .
But in order to be sure of the reliability of this function , the purchaser must be convinced of the long-term valuation of the object of desire .
On the one hand , there is the idea -- which defined banking for much of American history -- that banks should be close to the risks that they must judge .
But the costs must be borne by everyone , including firms that are not rescued -- probably because they operate more efficiently -- and are put at a competitive disadvantage as a result .
The irony here is that political views of what banking must contribute to the public good are in large part at the origin of the current crisis .
If China is to avoid the fate of early 20th century Germany , it must bolster successful economic modernization with constitutional and political reform .
However , whichever administration governs Iraq in the future must be prepared to face up to an environmental debt -- the cost of restoring what can be restored -- that will be a substantial liability for years to come .
But as the world attempts to mount a civilized response to Southeast Asia 's human tragedy , it must also confront the humbling amorality of nature , and thus comprehend the environmental effects that will shape the lives of survivors and their descendants .
In order to replace these chemicals with others that are more benign , the equipment in which they are used -- like freezers , coolers , and units for foam plastic production -- must be substituted for new ones .
Thus , Darwin argued , they must increase the probability of more offspring by making the males more attractive to female mates .
If someone can do difficult things , not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lion mane , but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival , and yet stay alive , that individual must have especially good genes .
You must be able to draw a listening and cheering crowd to qualify for the elite .
It must be hard and require enormous effort to acquire the unique skills that mark the superstar and earn societies ' respect and admiration .
Governments must take tobacco seriously as a leading killer of adults worldwide .
International poverty goals must include tobacco control .
Developing countries must not be fooled by the empty economic arguments that paralyzed control efforts in the West for so long .
Although neither Hu nor Wen were directly involved in the crackdown , they nonetheless must tread carefully .
While some of the plethora of anniversaries that China 's leaders must confront are potentially very destabilizing , several have , and will , work in their favor .
Coupled with this is a zero-sum view of the world , in which any Chinese gain in the share of the global economy , or any increased presence in many parts of the world , must be at the expense of the US or other powers .
Any Chinese military move is portrayed as an expansionary and aggressive act that must be contained .
China 's rise is a fact ; the enduring peacefulness of that rise must be a priority for China , its neighbors , the West , and , most importantly , the US .
But , as Representative Paul Kanjorski , the main force behind the provision , recently put it , `` The key lesson of the last decade is that financial regulators must use their powers , rather than coddle industry interests . ''
The quid pro quo for this easy ECB money is that the Irish government must protect European creditors who would otherwise face large losses .
How much more must it pay for access to debt markets later ?
Moreover , the benefits rise , because the restructuring clauses required for new debt , together with Germany 's highly visible efforts to avoid future government bailouts , raise the interest-rate spreads that weaker countries must pay today .
If a considerable fraction of the world economy wants to run a current-account surplus -LRB- by 2006 , this included much of emerging Asia , most oil exporters , and Japan -RRB- , an equal share of the world economy must run a deficit .
Oil exporters must increase fiscal spending further ; Japan and the Euro area must trigger higher growth through structural reforms ; and the US must implement concrete measures to sustain higher savings .
But the alternative would clearly be a collapse of US national security -- soldiers and border guards have to be paid , the transportation system must operate , and so on .
Germany and France -- as de facto leaders of the European Union -- are haggling over a belated support package , but they have made it abundantly clear that Greece must slash public-sector wages and other spending .
We can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from EU sources for excluding the IMF : `` the Fund is too American , '' `` Europe must resolve its own problems , '' and `` the IMF is not appropriate to our circumstances . ''
Even Jamie Dimon , the powerful head of the very large JP Morgan Chase , emphasizes that `` too big to fail '' must end .
You are a senior decision maker -- perhaps the Secretary of the Treasury or a key adviser to the US president -- for this is the level at which the plug must be pulled .
We must write and enforce laws that restore credibility to our financial markets .
To create some certainty and achieve the scale of investment necessary to make a major change in our economic direction , it must be clear to business that political leaders , from developed and developing countries alike , are committed to this course .
Instead , change must be comprehensive and include an overhaul of the myriad pathways to early retirement .
It had to point to other acts , including concealment efforts , which violate the NPT , and argue that these infractions were so serious that Iran 's enrichment right must be taken away .
Or must it plunge over every cliff that it approaches ?
At the heart of these questions is another : must liberals and moderates always bow down before the crazy right over national security ?
There were `` two great parties '' in England , he wrote , which manifested a `` distinction '' that `` had always existed , and always must exist . ''
In order to achieve this in a true democracy , India must ensure distributive justice .
It must ensure that enhanced purchasing power leads to a markedly improved quality of life for all of India 's citizens .
To seize this opportunity , India first must move decisively away from state capitalism , the remnants of which continue to retard the country 's economic progress .
Moreover , India is not China ; it can not be -- indeed , it must not be .
This must change , by directly targeting the alleviation of poverty -- and ultimately its elimination .
India 's economy must be freed from the organizing principle of state control , so that individual enterprise and creativity can become its main engine .
But to cross it , Indians must craft a new idea of India -- as the flagship of a modern global economy that unleashes the dynamism of all citizens .
Yet , despite the relative youth of this research , a clear consensus has emerged : climate change -- for which human activity is significantly , though not exclusively , responsible -- now threatens our way of life , so we must develop the means to combat it .
We must try to ensure that future climate-change meetings , like the Cancn summit this winter , are fully exploited as an opportunity to transform well-intentioned declarations into international agreements that apply to developed and developing countries alike .
If not , we must bear in mind the warning of the Stern Report that failure to act now would make taking action in the future much more costly .
Thus , those who benefit from reforms may champion the process , but losers must be adequately compensated in order to prevent them from resisting the transformation .
Reforms must be adapted to the specific context of each country , and be applied within the boundaries of what is possible .
As Africa looks to the future , developing its enormous energy resources - through both national and regional efforts - must be given high priority .
What the North African situation has taught us is that we must humbly accept that we may not always have had the right responses in the past .
We must acknowledge the complexity of the economic issues before us and listen more in designing the necessary and appropriate responses .
But North Africa must also work on regional economic integration in order to boost the effectiveness of national policies .
If the nations of North Africa are to succeed in meeting the needs and expectations of their peoples , policymakers must draw the appropriate lessons from the past -- and aim to get it right this time around .
Economic creativity must be the next step in North Africa 's spring .
Governments must not be given the power to control its citizens ' moral code -- we know that if they had such power , they would misuse it .
The government must be seen to care about `` aam aadmi , '' the common man -LRB- who votes -RRB- , while satisfying the needs of businessmen -LRB- who keep the economy humming -RRB- .
President Obama must shift the fundamental basis of the US-India relationship away from a strategic partnership based on a militarized notion of security toward a holistic vision of human security in which military force plays an appropriate but not a defining role .
It also should build a partnership for the elimination of nuclear weapons within a set time frame in which the US must take a leadership role .
The roles and obligations of the Self-Defense Forces must gradually shift and diversify , and their zone of action broadened .
The world must get used to a twilight security environment of sudden and peripheral emergencies .
Every Japanese citizen may have his or her own opinion , but a clear majority appear to agree that Japan must become a prominent nation in promoting international and regional security , as well as economic growth .
To achieve these ends , Japan must be endowed with responsibilities equivalent to the country 's national power , while securing the safety , comfort , and prosperity of Japan and preserving the people 's identity as Japanese with pride and honor .
Hence , Japan must be seen to be doing more to support its inseparable ally , as well as international peacekeeping efforts in general .
Abe recognizes the new challenges posed by proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and terrorism , and has acknowledged the rising expectation , at home and abroad , that Japan 's contribution to international security must grow .
If Abe is to create the `` beautiful country '' that he promised in his policy speech , he must not lose momentum in exercising strong leadership .
As a result , they must compliment each other 's advantages , characteristics , and interests in order to optimize their role in promoting international security .
But the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 pressed Japan to recognize that it must begin to exercise greater autonomy and independent judgment in formulating and implementing its national security policies .
For Japan nowadays , security policy must satisfy a trinity of criteria : `` national interests , '' `` alliance , '' and `` international cooperation . ''
Thus , its Self Defense Forces must continue fulfilling their duties of `` humanitarian and restoration efforts , '' while cooperating with Japan 's key ally , the US , as a member of an integrated multinational force under UN leadership .
Even if dangerous situations arise , the Self-Defense Forces , and Japan itself , must not flinch .
`` China is now in the stage of surging nationalism , and the trend is expected to continue in the future , '' the Council warned in its interim report , concluding that , `` Japan must take appropriate actions in response to each incident '' in which China attempts to `` gradually advance its defense line -LRB- ocean-ward -RRB- . ''
The military core of such a strategy must include appropriate maritime tactics to respond to China 's assertiveness .
In this age of uncertainty , when even the nature of the threats that nations face is uncertain , Japan 's strategic and military planners must continue to seek ways to adapt the SDF to today 's myriad current threats .
But they must do so in a way that provides genuine direction , and that Japan 's people , military , and neighbors find convincing .
Negotiation is necessary , and it must be sufficient , but progress will be impossible if North Korea is allowed to turn its mere participation in the six-party talks into a bargaining chip .
However , unlike the US and Britain in the past , China today must turn to overseas bases rather than colonization to enhance its `` sea power '' -- hence its `` string of pearls . ''
All of Asia must wake up to the arrival of Chinese-style aggressive `` sea power . ''
Japan , in particular , must reformulate its national maritime strategy with this in mind .
Japan , America and other traditional maritime countries must also once again treat `` sea power '' in Asia as a key component of their ability to defend their own national interests .
Because China must import vast quantities of oil through the Malacca Strait , that sea lane has become a central element in the country 's security strategy .
With the break-up of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia in mind , we must seek to prevent the further fragmentation of states , and also their forcible reunification .
Kosovo , South Ossetia , and Abkhazia must be the last of the states that break away through force .
The `` Pandora 's box '' of self-determination must be closed .
Europe , Russia , and the US must finish the `` unfinished war . ''
Russia and the US must seek to build relations such as now exist between Russia and China , Russia and France , or the US , France , and the United Kingdom .
They must at least pretend that they intend to build it , in order to appease America 's powerful nuclear `` isolationists , '' who long for the past golden age of US strategic invulnerability .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
But the Chinese are already offering Russia projects that are similar to those that they promote in African states : the development of resources with Chinese money and Chinese labor . Russia must act now to secure a more dignified and beneficial place in a future world order .
But close relations with the US do not mean that Russia must neglect its own interests , both political and economic .
More generally , Russia must play the oil card , which still gives the country a powerful trump in international relations , especially in light of long-term destabilization of the Middle East .
Restructuring must start with the UN Security Council , whose 1945 mandate is no longer viable .
Instead , a regional approach was and is needed . It must be concentrated on the sanctuaries of those who train , equip , and motivate the extremists and send them out to hurt us all .
We must rescue these people by giving them a better future , which only more education and new opportunities can bring .
Moreover , in order to deny terrorists institutional support , we must bring institutional strength to Afghanistan . We must enable Afghans to look after themselves and defend their country , to have a future in Afghanistan , to have hope of raising their children in Afghanistan .
Incidents of rape continue to be reported , and the Burmese military surely must know what is happening .
At a time when rich countries like the United States are running deficits of 12 % of GDP because of the global financial meltdown , the IMF has been telling countries like Latvia and Ukraine , which did not start the crisis but have turned to the Fund to help combat it , that they must balance their budgets if they want aid .
So our diplomatic efforts must extend beyond the UN .
If the UN can not approve a resolution for implementing a no-fly zone , then the US and its allies in NATO and the Arab world must be prepared to prevent a massacre like the one that occurred in Srebrenica in 1995 , when more than 8,000 Bosnian men and boys were slaughtered .
We must not allow them to be starved into submission .
And , as President Barack Obama has said , the Libyan people must not be deprived of full ownership of their struggle for freedom , and Qaddafi must not be given a useful foil and scapegoat .
In order to manage the economic crisis successfully , any president must not only shift economic policy , but also amass enough political power to be able to thwart the intervention of the Revolutionary Guards and other organizations in economic policy-making .
If a reformer is to win he must prove that he will be able to sway Iran 's political structures toward a reform agenda .
For him , the state must control public access to global culture and technology .
They are suffering huge financial losses by boycotting the courts , and yet they are determined that the Chief Justice must be reinstated .
But in that effort , India must contend with its neighbor , China , which speaks with a louder voice and carries a larger stick .
Although impact investors can lay the groundwork for commercial investors , they must also work in unison with government authorities to ensure well-functioning market systems .
As sons must revere fathers , so subjects must revere their rulers .
This does not imply that a government must rule by fear , as past Russian governments did : in this respect , Putin 's government is as good as any Russia has ever had .
Upon assuming the presidency in 2008 , Medvedev proclaimed : `` We must achieve a true respect for law , and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development . '' And , in a much discussed newspaper article entitled `` Russia Forward , '' he declared , `` Should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy , endemic corruption , and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems ?
A settlement would also send a message to the world that disputes as long-standing and complex as that in Cyprus can be resolved peacefully . That is why , despite all the obstacles , the negotiators must persevere along the road to peace .
The people 's call on Ledra Street must be heard .
In poor countries , pregnant women often must fend for themselves ; they have no healthcare and nowhere to turn .
At the International AIDS Conference in Vienna , in July , I hope that the international community will rally around UNAIDS ' launch of Treatment 2.0 -- the next generation of HIV treatment , which must be more affordable , more effective , and accessible to all .
Stocks of oral re-hydration salts must be constantly replenished .
To help Haiti help itself , we must extend our reach .
At the same time , our response must be viewed within the broader context of recovery and long-term development .
Along the way , we must help strengthen Haitian institutions .
Political leaders must put the national interest ahead of personal and partisan ambitions .
All must work together -- in common cause for common solutions -- to address challenges like climate change , poverty , and nuclear disarmament .
And the UN must constantly re-create itself as well .
We must evolve and keep pace with a rapidly changing world .
We must be faster and more flexible , efficient , transparent , and accountable .
In an age of austerity , resources are precious ; we must make every dollar count .
We simply must not let one lost decade turn into a second .
The CD 's member states must recognize that the Conference 's future is at a critical juncture .
A third imperative is building a safer and more secure world . In this effort , we must be courageous in standing up for democracy , human rights , and peace .
The violence must stop .
We must think about a new global economic order that more fully reflects the changing realities of our time .
On the Korean Peninsula , all the agreements of the six-party talks must be implemented , and Iran must comply with Security Council resolutions and cooperate fully with the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Justice must be treated as a pillar of peace , security , and development .
We must advance the `` responsibility to protect . ''
We must regain our momentum .
We must become faster , more flexible , and more effective -- more modern .
We must replace our current system of contracts and conditions of service , which are dysfunctional and demoralizing .
But the UN 's Member States must be accountable as well .
Those left behind by the previous boom -- the so-called `` bottom billion , '' living on less than $ 1 a day -- must be brought into the next economic era .
The main worry is that this will lead to the production and use of more nuclear materials that must be protected against proliferation and terrorist threats .
And we must stand against protectionism . Without open trade , growth and development could break down entirely .
Finally , inclusivity must be our watch-word .
I therefore urge all nations , rich and poor , to send their highest-level representatives to Doha with full determination to do what must be done .
If we are to spend our way out of the financial crisis , we should be smart about it . And that means that these expenditures must be investments .
They must be sustainable , so that we are not merely throwing money at problems but , instead , are using those funds to lay the foundations of a more stable and prosperous future .
During the coming year , therefore , we must act in a spirit of global solidarity .
Measures we take to deal with the financial crisis must be in the interests of all nations -- the poorest as well as the rich and powerful .
We must honor our commitments under the Millennium Development Goals as a pragmatic as well as a moral responsibility .
My own five-point plan to achieve this goal begins with a call for the NPT Parties to pursue negotiations in good faith -- as required by the treaty -- on nuclear disarmament , either through a new convention or through a series of mutually reinforcing instruments backed by a credible system of verification . Disarmament must be reliably verified .
Second , I urged the Security Council to consider other ways to strengthen security in the disarmament process , and to assure non-nuclear-weapon states against nuclear weapons threats . I proposed to the Council that it convene a summit on nuclear disarmament , and I urged non-NPT states to freeze their own weapon capabilities and make their own disarmament commitments . Disarmament must enhance security .
My third proposal relates to the rule of law . Universal membership in multilateral treaties is key , as are regional nuclear-weapon-free zones and a new treaty on fissile materials . President Barack Obama 's support for US ratification of the CTBT is welcome -- the treaty only needs a few more ratifications to enter into force . Disarmament must be rooted in legal obligations .
Finally , I am urging progress in eliminating other weapons of mass destruction and limiting missiles , space weapons and conventional arms -- all of which are needed for a nuclear-weapon-free world . Disarmament must anticipate emerging dangers from other weapons .
Any effective response , therefore , must be grounded in a sense of global solidarity and enlightened self-interest .
We must recognize , yet again , that we are all in this together .
Virus samples and information must be shared openly and quickly .
Governments and major pharmaceutical companies must be sure that poorer nations receive the medical supplies they need .
Even as we cope with today 's challenge , however , we must look ahead .
The same principles of solidarity must guide us as we mobilize to meet the other health challenges that afflict the world populations , and the poorest in particular .
Failure to mobilize the resources and muster the political will to put an end to this senseless tragedy would be unforgivable .
We must remain on guard against changes in the virus .
We must also be prepared for potentially different impacts in parts of the world where malnutrition , HIV\/AIDS , and other serious health conditions are prevalent .
In short , we must remain vigilant and continue actively to manage this pandemic .
An obvious solution is to build more schools in places where girls and boys must be educated separately .
Instead , policymakers must find ways to strengthen the incentives for parents to send their daughters to school .
But such services must not shy away from promoting and providing modern contraceptive methods to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
The US must consider partnering with Turkish civil society in this regard , serving the cause of strengthening democracy both in Turkey and its neighborhood .
Such services must be accessible to everyone who needs them .
And governments must reallocate resources from institutions &#45; &#45; and the bureaucracies that have a vested interest in preserving their positions &#45; &#45; to organizations that support community-based living .
In essence , the practitioner must come to feel that the art of care-giving is as much at stake as the science and technology of diagnosis and treatment .
We must train students and practitioners in critical self-reflection on that which limits their care-giving ; in strategies and techniques aimed at opening a space for the moral acts of care-giving ; and in the most concrete and practical acts of assistance , so that they never forget what care-giving actually means .
People must travel for three hours to get the medicine that is proven to control cravings and reduce the harms of drug use . And they are the lucky ones .
If Poland and its neighbors are to chart a new way forward , at least three things must happen . First , these countries should look West for alternative , and more humane , drug policies .
For this is a moment when Japan must chart its course -- either decline or dignity -- as a `` state '' -LRB- kokka -RRB- in relation to its giant neighbor , China .
Indeed , rare-earth elements are `` rare '' only in the sense that they are distributed in small quantities and must be extracted from ores , a time-consuming process .
Today , that choice must be made anew .
If peace really is the key component of China 's rise , the Chinese must now rein in their mercurial client .
Although appeasing China 's drive for hegemony in Asia is unthinkable , every realistic effort must be made to avoid militarization of the region 's diplomacy .
Kim 's hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime 's domestic crises .
Furthermore , Japan must find a way to compensate for the ten-million-kilowatt shortfall that the loss of the Fukushima plant implies .
Indeed , Japan must now reevaluate its entire national energy strategy , including a review of the different usage levels in eastern and western Japan .
Where nuclear safety is concerned , China must rethink its policy of isolating Taiwan from international bodies .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
In constructing a viable strategy , deepening Japan 's partnerships with Asia 's great democracies -- India , Indonesia , and South Korea -- must be a priority .
America 's withdrawal from Afghanistan must not be allowed to call this stability into question .
Two main issues must be managed -- one philosophical , the other structural -- in seeking to ameliorate the problems caused by China 's unconstrained rise .
At the Hawaii summit , Obama must orchestrate the first steps toward constructing an effective multilateral framework within which the complications posed by China 's rise can be addressed .
In Hawaii , Obama and the other assembled Asian leaders -- particularly the Chinese -- must begin to choose between these two Asian futures .
But now that his party is in power and must face the reality of running the second largest economy in the world , and coping with its huge debt burden , he is tossing aside his long-held views , broaching the subject of tax increases to help close the government 's gaping budget deficit .
To stop the country 's fiscal rot , Japan must achieve a consensus on the type of social services that national and local governments should offer , for how long , and at what cost .
When the stakes are so high , the response must be creative and bold .
Although Ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise his will on the DPJ , this must not be allowed to happen .
Such a bargain must contain two elements .
But European leaders must not take their eyes off real-world problems and drafting a new Euro-Atlantic policy on Afghanistan and Pakistan is as real as it gets .
To this must now be added the revolt in Egypt .
Argentina 's high levels of social exclusion and poverty remain unsolved problems that must be addressed if long-term growth is to be sustained .
A key priority must be to increase investment by creating a climate of trust .
In order to avoid the recurring crises of the past , Argentina must re-establish trust and implement a macroeconomic program to slow inflation , maintain fiscal balance , and promote investment , technological development , and education .
With the credibility of Chinese economic policy continuing to be based on the fixed exchange rate , any flotation must be part of a larger program of reform .
To avoid crisis , China must rein in excessive credit growth and the overheating that results from it .
But if we want to be partners in the development of modern defensive systems , we must negotiate in good faith , not bargain hard just to walk away in a pre-planned way at the end .
Of course , we must make sure that President Bush means what he says , but it is time for both sides to overcome Cold War militancy .
The EU and the United States must stop pretending that they can transform Russia , or that they can simply ignore it .
Anything that diminishes Chirac -- who has weakened the EU by pushing a protectionist , corporate state model for Europe , and telling the new smaller members to `` shut up '' when they disagreed with him -- must be considered good news for Europe and European integration .
This is a point made most recently by former ECB president Wim Duisenberg in a CNN interview -- Europe must wait before its dormant growth engine re-ignites .
Wim Duisenberg died last year , but his values , philosophy , and wisdom must not be allowed to die with him .
The New Year provides a perfect opportunity for Jean-Claude Trichet to resolve that , despite the more trying circumstances in which he must operate , his own policies and procedures will more faithfully reflect Duisenberg and his legacy .
Economic reform must be financed somehow , and if the funds are to come , at least in part , from outside the EU , the euro must be a strong currency .
Approval of fundamental changes in the currency union must be agreed by all members , and so will not be forthcoming .
To protect European cohesion as well as improve their own economic situation , France and Italy must reform at a faster pace than Germany rather than just waiting for Germany to slow down .
That is why the energy tax must be imposed as a tax substitution , with income or payroll taxes simultaneously reduced to keep real resource transfers to government at a constant level .
To avoid future increases in this appetite , policymakers and pundits have focused on the so-called `` moral hazard problem '' : the `` bad guys '' must pay for their mistakes , lest they make them again .
How seriously , one wonders , did the Chinese take Trichet when he came to China to protest the euro 's `` brutal '' appreciation against the renminbi ? Cut your own interest rates , they must have thought to themselves , and you will have less to complain about .
Until France and Germany do change , Europe 's game must be a waiting game .
In a world of incompetence and corruption , liberals must no longer support weak government .
Poles , who lost nearly all their patriotic ideas over the past decade , now seem poised to rediscover their national identity solely on a negative basis forged by our peasants . The European Union wants to steal -LRB- or buy for nothing -RRB- our land , they say . We Poles must fight them .
Serbia also must face the fact that EU membership is impossible until the dispute is resolved .
Lee also must confront factors beyond his control , such as soaring oil prices and the global credit crunch .
Lee must reach out to the opposition , both within his party and outside it , to build agreement or negotiate compromise on the contentious issues that his administration faces .
He must reach out to the people of Korea and demonstrate that he is willing to listen to their concerns and act accordingly .
Finally , he must act on his campaign promises to build a more prosperous and confident Korea .
Here , the United States must not only stay the course , but also build on the efforts of the last few years .
But America must stay the course .
In Buddhism : `` A state that is not pleasant or delightful to me must also be so to him ; and a state that is not pleasing or delightful to me , how could I inflict that upon another ? ''
Rather , the new financial architecture that many are calling for , and which is urgently needed , must be supported by an ethical framework .
? We must utilize economic and political power for service to humanity instead of misusing it in ruthless battles for domination .
We must develop a spirit of compassion with those who suffer , with special care for the children , the aged , the poor , the disabled , the refugees , and the lonely ;
? We must cultivate mutual respect and consideration , so as to reach a reasonable balance of interests , instead of thinking only of unlimited power and unavoidable competitive struggles ;
? We must value a sense of moderation and modesty instead of an unquenchable greed for money , prestige , and consumption .
The new sanctions simply are not severe enough to intimidate Iran into submission , and more restrictive ones would not pass muster within the Security Council .
The overthrown Tunisian dictator must now regret that his security forces did not arrest Bouazizi and lock him up , rather than allow his public self-immolation .
Though steps toward democracy are possible , when the euphoria of the moment passes , political contenders will realize that , if only in self-defense , they must restrict their opponents ' freedoms .
They will consider both easing repression , in order to gain sympathy , and tightening it , in order to prevent uncontrollable protests . But , whatever they do , they -- and the rest of the world -- must now expect surprises .
He must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant Israeli military actions against the Palestinians , the ambivalence of the US about the road map , and a plethora of militant Palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders .
Israeli leaders must be made to understand that preemptive attacks and assassinations only increase the chance of more anti-Israeli attacks , not less .
The US government must change its attitude , too .
Instead of stating that they understand that Israeli must defend itself , the Bush administration should take an unambiguous stand against Israel 's assassinations and collective punishments , which now include uprooting decades-old olive trees and destroying eight story buildings .
Travel restrictions and continued settlement activity must end .
But a ceasefire agreement to stand , it must be followed immediately with a concerted effort to produce a political solution to the issues that caused the warring parties to attack each other .
There must be a stop to this zero-sum game and a return to a sane policy based on reason , reciprocity , and compromise .
The pattern of the past three years shows that the first order of business must be a ceasefire between the Israeli government -LRB- and all its military and intelligence agencies -RRB- and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- including all the militant factions -RRB- .
Such an agreement must end all types of military and armed attacks as well as assassinations , and it needs to be monitored by a neutral third party -- namely , the quartet -LRB- the US , the UN , the EU , and Russia -RRB- that drew up the road map , which already contains a provision for foreign monitors .
Finally a ceasefire must be supported by round-the-clock negotiations -LRB- preferably in secret with top-level US involvement -RRB- aimed at ending the basic reason for the violence -- the occupation of the Palestinian areas -- and determining the issues of borders , settlements , refugees , and Jerusalem .
In this context , Israel must put aside thoughts of choosing its negotiating partners .
The numerous militias , groups , gangs , and individuals who own and use weapons must be controlled . The new unity government must insist on the creation of a single , united armed force .
Indeed , law and order must be the top priority of the unity government , owing to the need to restore the Palestinian public 's faith in Palestinian leaders from all factions .
If that wound is to heal , much effort must be exerted to restore a functioning economy , strengthen internal security , and improve Palestinians ' relations with their neighbors and the international community .
Assuming that the Bush administration is serious in its current efforts , the US must have a Plan B in case the talks fail .
Unlike former President Bill Clinton , who blamed Yassir Arafat for the failure of the Camp David talks in 2000 , the Bush administration must honor its commitment not to point fingers or allow either side to use failure to advance its strategic goals .
The current realities that the Palestinians must reckon with include their strategic , political , and economic imbalance vis--vis Israel and the US , the reality of occupation , and the challenges of diaspora life .
Finally , Palestinian negotiators must consider the consequences of using their most valuable bargaining chip -- the ability to reject a perceived bad deal -- in terms of its direct effect on Palestinians and the strong possibility of continued expansion of Jewish settlements on Palestinian lands .
They argue that the positions acceptable in Taba -LRB- following the failure of Camp David II -RRB- must be the basis of any agreement , and that what needs to be negotiated now is the timetable for implementation .
But what is crucially important for Palestinians is that , whatever the outcome , new settlements must not be built and land expropriation must end .
Clearly , the false trappings of a state provided as part of the Oslo peace process have resulted in little tangible change for Palestinians . They got an elected president -LRB- who for a while was trapped in his headquarters -RRB- , a parliament and government -LRB- whose MPs and ministers are not guaranteed passage from Gaza to the West Bank -RRB- , and passports -LRB- whose numbers must be entered into Israeli computers -RRB- .
However , in his book Crimes of War , Michael Byers , a Duke University law professor , argues that the use of force in self-defense `` must not be unreasonable or excessive , '' and with regard to anticipatory action , the necessity must be `` instant , overwhelming , leaving no choice of means , and no moment of deliberation . ''
The international community must act quickly to force the Israelis to abandon its deterrence strategy and instead work on reaching an understanding that can result in a cessation of attacks by both sides .
The focus of Pope Benedict XVI 's visit to the Middle East was Jerusalem 's importance to Christians , Muslims , and Jews , so that attempts to Judaize the Holy City must stop immediately .
With renewed peace talks , results must be stressed over endless process .
The Obama administration must seize the initiative and insist that Netanyahu unequivocally support Israeli withdrawal from the Occupied Territories -- the sine qua non for a two-state solution .
The delegates overwhelmingly agreed that the movement must keep open the option of returning underground if negotiations for statehood fail , while being ready to become a political party if a Palestinian state is born .
If American , British , and other Western officials are serious about reform in the Arab world , they must support reform-minded Arab individuals and organizations , even if those organizations make them uncomfortable at times .
For Palestinians , the first step in real peace talks must include some accord on the basic issues of borders and security .
Peace between the conflicting parties east of the Mediterranean and west of the Jordan river can and must be achieved through negotiations .
But if one party is more interested in a process than in the need for peace , something must be wrong .
Obama must still fulfill his promises to celebrate with Palestinians their full membership of the UN this fall and to draw down its forces in Afghanistan .
In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation . Until liberation , there could be no business as usual .
The international community , lead by the United States , must invest effort and political capital to realize this goal .
Palestinians have chosen ; now the world must do so as well .
As a start , priority must be given to face-to-face negotiations .
To be effective , such a cease-fire must contain a monitoring mechanism .
At the same time , the atmosphere among Palestinians and their attitude towards Israel must be improved , so that we can have a political environment that supports negotiations .
That process , now as before , must culminate in an independent and democratic Palestine alongside a safe and secure Israel .
Hamas understands the political obligations that it must meet in order to be fully accepted in the world community , but its leaders prefer to wait until they are fully empowered before exploring these issues .
After all , anyone who wants to be re-elected must give priority to the needs of their own people and not necessarily to the demands of the international community .
While Hamas must be flexible in dealing with legitimate requests by the international community , the international community is obliged to provide an effective road map to peace .
Indeed , the crises in Lebanon and Gaza have brought about a realization that two festering issues -- Arab prisoners in Israel , and Israeli unilateralism -- must be resolved if there is to be any hope of a return to the peace process .
Given that both conflicts were triggered by the kidnapping of Israeli soldiers to be traded for Arab prisoners , Israel must now realize that holding Arabs indefinitely in prison can only beget violence .
The population left behind must have secure governments and institutions in place .
So , as Al Jazeera moves into media adolescence , it must begin to think about how it can become a social pioneer in the Arab and Islamic world .
The practice of politics not only can but must be reconciled with the imperatives of honesty .
Yet all politicians know that ambiguity and compromise tend to prevail over universal truths . Sometimes one must choose the lesser evil .
The toughest test of an honest politician comes when he or she must defend ideas that are unpopular but right .
Public opinion must play its part as well .
New economic powers like China , India , and Brazil must find their own ways of addressing social injustice and encouraging equal opportunity for all , and the European model looks increasingly attractive to them .
But Eastern Europe , especially Ukraine and Moldova , also must be treated as a region of special importance .
The court ruled that , ultimately , freedom to express one 's thoughts , however generously conceived in a democracy , must be balanced against other values , such as reputation , honor , privacy , dignity , and equality .
That principle can be captured in just a few words : `` Everyone must play by the rules . ''
We must now go further .
Before doing anything else , we must relieve some of the balance-sheet pressures -- on sovereigns , households , and banks -- that risk smothering the recovery .
And , in Europe , the sovereigns must address firmly their financing problems through credible fiscal consolidation .
In addition , to support growth , banks must have sufficient capital buffers .
But substantial gaps remain and must be addressed through international cooperation in order to avoid regulatory arbitrage .
With lower spending and higher savings in the advanced economies , key emerging markets must take up the slack and start providing the demand needed to power the global recovery .
It must be resisted as fiercely as the Christian crusaders of yore .
Japan must tackle its financial mess once and for all .
More importantly , it must turn its back on the model that created it .
Even if we are forced , faute de mieux , to speculate about ancient Indian social life , we must remain true to the common facts of economic and military life among European and Asian civilizations , which imposed similar institutional responses .
Clearly , investment in food production must be increased in the medium and longer term .
Europe , America , and the wider world must see Putin 's so-called `` managed democracy '' in its true light , and must stand united against his neo-imperialist dreams .
Any plans to `` defend '' Yanukovich and the eastern part of Ukraine by military force must be confronted .
We must not forget the crimes that Hitler and Stalin committed together as de facto allies only because they later turned on each other .
Sanity must prevail : if everyone is mentally ill , then no one is .
For the underlying conflict to be resolved , Bolivians must become convinced that reform is the right track , the only one , indeed , that leads to progress and authentic development .
These can and must be changed before it will be possible to expand opportunities for everyone in Bolivia to become a dignified citizen , a respected worker , and a satisfied consumer .
It follows from this that constitutions must be changed to reduce the role of Congress , subordinate the judiciary , and centralize economic resources .
While all manifestations of intolerance against Muslims must be firmly resisted , it is also vital to recognize the danger that some Muslim immigrants have brought with them from their home cultures : extreme forms of bigotry against Jews and Israel .
Officials and opinion shapers must understand that this perilous state of affairs will worsen if they fail to take their responsibilities more seriously , tone down their rhetoric , and adopt a balanced approach to Israel .
Above all , Swedish politicians must speak out when minorities become the target of hate crimes .
Even a tolerant country such as Sweden must not tolerate those who preach intolerance .
But it must be recognized that falling educational standards will eventually hit economic growth .
At all stages of the science curriculum , basic questions must be asked .
Amazingly , the Internet has the same level of credibility with the patient as television does with the consumer : `` I read it on the Web , so it must be true . ''
Indeed , even Bush 's own political base , the Christian fundamentalists , are becoming `` green , '' pressuring the administration to sign the Kyoto Protocol because they believe that the environment must be protected just like unborn life .
So reducing CO2 and other greenhouse gas emissions must begin as quickly as possible .
The rich North can not continue as before , emerging industrial countries must leave the old industrial-based path to prosperity , and the rest of the world may not even embark upon it .
A global climate deal must be simpler , fairer , and more flexible than is today 's Kyoto Protocol .
All countries must reduce their use of fossil fuels and switch to renewable energy sources as soon and as much as possible .
But , since the OECD-countries -LRB- led by the United States and Australia -RRB- will soon overrun their carbon budgets even after far-reaching emissions reductions , they must cooperate with developing countries that still have budget surpluses .
But , if the 2  C target is taken seriously , the twenty-first century will see countries that are not so far down the path of carbonization -LRB- such as large parts of Africa -RRB- , or that leave it in time -LRB- such as India and Pakistan -RRB- , able to become wealthy by helping societies that must de-carbonize rapidly .
In order to achieve this , the Central Climate Bank must have the power to do its job .
Simultaneously , within a variable architecture of negotiation , there must be links to the numerous conference institutions of the United Nations , as well as to political-economic regional associations such as the EU , Mercosur , or the African Union .
 Rich countries , particularly in Europe , must dismantle trade barriers to exports from developing countries and cease dumping subsidized agricultural products ;
 More emphasis must be placed on dramatically improving the quality of governance in developing countries .
 Europe must open its doors far more widely .
Today , the Japanese must open up their country themselves .
Both governments must now become seriously and fully engaged in what must now be a united Western effort .
If Europe is to act , France and Germany must lead .
Second , why must GMOs be addressed as a global issue ?
However , we must first address the political factors that underlie most misunderstandings between America and Europe .
Above all , we must reckon with the rise of ecological awareness , which in Europe is reflected in the formation and strength of Green parties , and which nurtures anti-globalization sentiments .
Member states are divided between those that view Russia as a potential partner which can be drawn into the EU 's orbit through a process of `` creeping integration , '' and those that view Russia as a threat whose expansionism and contempt for democracy must be rolled back through a policy of `` soft containment . ''
We must join that one civilization , or be uncivilized . ''
Yet it makes clear the basic philosophy of `` Kemalism '' -LRB- the ruling ideas of Kemal Ataturk -RRB- which say that to survive and prosper a country must become part of modern civilization , accepting much of what is distinctively western , including equal rights for women , teaching modern science , and disestablishing religion so that it no longer plays a part in government or the legal process .
Indeed , Europe 's finance ministries face a dilemma over how much of their stretched national budgets to allocate to the military ; and European defense officials must somehow ensure that precious funding is spent in the most efficient manner .
We must take full advantage of our organized security structures to ensure that the global security burden is shared in a fair and proportionate manner .
For NATO to work properly , its members must be prepared not only to supply troops and equipment for NATO-led military operations , but also to fund and sustain these operations until missions are completed .
All NATO countries must understand that membership brings implicit and explicit responsibilities to ensure that their military forces have the capability to fight and win on the modern-day battlefield .
They must recognize the need to create a sounder financial system for alliance operations .
Any change made to the Athena Mechanism must include reforms to its rules and procedures .
Millions of dispossessed people must be re-housed in a process that will last for several years .
Bureaucrats must not be allowed to spend the huge donations collected and state relief funds allotted in an arbitrary manner .
And , in any coming showdown , we must hope that all leaders will refuse to use innocent people 's lives as bargaining chips .
If the Lisbon treaty is to be respected , solidarity must be viewed as a political tool for moving towards a European defense policy that works for the common good .
Time and again throughout the course of our lives , we must bring ourselves to tolerate opinions and behaviors that seem contrary to our own .
To ensure a durable exit from the crisis , and to build foundations for sustained and broad-based growth in a globalized world , developing countries in 2010 and beyond must draw the right lessons from history .
We must internalize lessons from the past and focus on establishing well-functioning markets that enable developing countries fully to tap their economies ' comparative advantage .
Thus , the lesson from economic history and development is straightforward : government support aimed at upgrading and diversifying industry must be anchored in the requisite endowments .
Finally , the international financial community must live up to its responsibility to ensure that the development agenda remains a priority .
Experience around the world shows that SARS cases must be isolated within a few days of the onset of symptoms in order to control the spread of the virus .
Colombia , whose alliance with the US precedes President lvaro Uribe , wants to maintain US support at its current levels , and Mexico now must make combating drug trafficking and illegal immigration priorities , in accordance with US policy .
For the rest of the economy , the Party 's position recalls the famous line from Lampedusa 's Il Gattopardo -LRB- The Leopard -RRB- : something must change so that everything else can remain the same .
In other words , utilities must be given incentives to help consumers use less power .
When the Ministry of Health guarantees to provide a medical intervention , private providers must do the same .
Given scarce public funds and fiscal constraints , to increase spending , users must cover a higher share of the costs .
Customs procedures , which currently obstruct the flow of international trade , must be modernized and simplified in order to facilitate it . Simple changes like special fast lines for reliable clients are part of the answer .
Each country could create a council that represents public bodies -LRB- transportation , public works , customs -RRB- and major users -LRB- exporters and logistics companies -RRB- that must work together to identify ways to reduce logistics costs .
Escaping the Poverty Trap The elimination of poverty must remain at the top of the policy agenda in Latin America and the Caribbean , where inequality is higher than in any other region and one in five people survive on little more than two dollars per day -LRB- as measured by the 1993 purchasing power parity -LRB- PPP -RRB- exchange rate -RRB- .
Hence , poverty reduction efforts must seek to provide incentives that will encourage the poor to acquire assets and capabilities that will enable them to escape poverty in the future .
They must work with bureaucracies , which are naturally disinclined to have their efforts prioritized , lest they end up as anything less than number one .
Given scarce resources , we must ask ourselves : do we want to do a lot of good now , or a little good much later ?
To address the dismal under-representation of women in Latin America 's legislatures , a series of reforms must be adopted , reforms that depend in part on a country 's existing electoral legislation .
Such legislation must also have rigid compliance standards that are reviewed and enforced by the state 's electoral authorities and courts .
We have a moral obligation to do the most good that we possibly can with what we spend , so we must focus our resources where we can accomplish the most first .
Hansen described them as part of a `` brighter future for the planet . '' But using bio-fuels to combat climate change must rate as one of the poorest global `` solutions '' to any great challenge in recent times .
We have to stop being scared silly , stop pursuing stupid policies , and start investing in smart long-term R&D . Accusations of `` crimes against humanity '' must cease .
More competition means that previously sheltered companies must shape up and become more productive , innovating simply to survive .
The United States has made it clear that developing countries must sign up to substantial reductions in carbon emissions in Copenhagen .
Some environmental campaigners argue that , given the effects of global warming , every nation must act .
Regardless of whether we agree with the economists , everybody must admit that we can not do everything at once .
Instead , we must challenge the orthodoxy of Kyoto .
We could just as well point out that since science tells us that speeding cars kill many people , we should cut speed limits to almost nothing . We do no such thing , because we recognize that the costs of high-speed cars must be weighed against the benefits of a mobile society .
The benefits of fossil fuels must be weighed against the costs of global warming .
For this to occur , public funds on research and development must be increased dramatically .
At the same time , the group adds , we must recognize that we wo n't make any real progress in cutting CO2 emissions until we can provide developing economies with affordable alternatives to the fossil fuels on which they currently depend . `` In short , '' the report notes , `` we need to ignite ... an energy technology revolution . ''
This awful prospect is exactly the sort of thing global-warming evangelists like Al Gore have in mind when they warn that we must take `` large-scale , preventive measures to protect human civilization as we know it . '' The rhetoric may sound extreme , but with so much hanging in the balance , surely it 's justified .
 Maximizing taxpayers ' economic interests , not ideology or political considerations , must be the guiding principle .
If Europe is to gain a more important role in global leadership , it must reverse its long-term economic decline .
Cooperation with havens like Liechtenstein or Monaco should be ruled out unless they accept that within the common market all citizens must pay taxes where they live , according to the rules of that country .
Policy coherence within the EU must also be improved .
A dynamic and successful Europe is not a one-size-fits-all Europe , and European integration must not become a goal in itself , but a means to create sustainable prosperity .
Europe , to be blunt , must devote more energy in the years ahead to addressing its micro challenges rather than to promoting grand ideas .
It all depends on a value judgment -- one of the many value judgments societies must make with respect to modern medicine .
To work , integration must be balanced and equal , with both Russia and the EU adopting some of each other 's ideas .
The main offensive from Kuwait must advance for 500 kilometers to reach Baghdad .
Democratic politicians must not surrender their consciences to woo either their own economically jittery citizens or the Chinese regime .
Either way , the outside world must not be allowed to have any idea as to what fate awaits Ai .
He must be put under control , silenced .
They must eventually confront each other on the field of a free conscience .
Another value Africans must adopt is love and concern for young people .
Africa 's people must be allowed to gain confidence , dignity , and a sense of self-worth .
They must also be empowered with knowledge , skills , and tools to take action .
We must appreciate and encourage those who are making bold decisions .
But much must still be accomplished , by Africans and with Africa 's many friends around the world .
Both were necessary , but , with few exceptions , the region is not using the commodity windfall to do what it must : improve technological capacities sufficiently to ensure that future economic growth does not depend entirely on the fickle furtunes of finite natural resources .
But the companies argue that there is absolutely no other way to compete -- they must either comply with censorship or discontinue business .
A credible solution to the eurozone 's current crisis depends on addressing this democratic deficit , but the crisis also provides an opportunity to do so . Reform of the eurozone 's governance must use democratic mechanisms -- and the logic of the internal market -- to prevent some EU states from imposing externalities on others .
It must distribute `` its '' money and not that of its members . The democratic argument requires a clear connection between the Union 's financial resources and the wealth that it generates , or with member states ' economic activities that have important externalities for other members .
We are also taught by our ulamas -LRB- religious instructors -RRB- that their teachings must not be questioned .
Islam is a faith . It must be believed .
But what is it that we must believe when each branch of Islam thinks the other one is wrong ?
If no other qualification is added , then all those who subscribe to these precepts must be regarded as Muslims .
We must change for our own good .
But if Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa wants to eliminate the spirit of Tamil separatism , he must emulate Singh 's culture of political moderation .
He must now follow up by creating an open , inclusive environment , like India 's , that will enable both Sinhalese and Tamils to thrive .
If the West now wants to hold Asian countries responsible for restraining new sources of greenhouse-gas emissions , it must first hold itself accountable for its old stock and current emissions .
They must formulate and present realistic solutions , and negotiate forcefully and realistically before and during the Copenhagen conference in December 2009 in order to produce a global agreement that is based on an equitable sharing of the global commons .
The NDP appears to believe that democratization must begin with changing the political culture and instilling democratic values .
If cities are to drive emerging-market countries towards a better future , their governments must ensure that urban housing , infrastructure , and services stay abreast of demand .
In the months before the election , Russia 's leaders must make a concerted effort to convince Chechnya 's people that they were wise to risk voting in the referendum .
Russia must now follow America 's lead in how to fight terror .
Russia 's power structures , like those of America , must now be readied to conduct a very long struggle , entirely different from the old Soviet KGB way of suppressing dissent .
To conduct this struggle effectively , Russia must abandon two hoary stereotypes : that all terrorists are bandits , and that they somehow are acting under some Western intelligence supervision to weaken Russia .
But the greatest obstacle that must be confronted if Russia is to wage war on terror effectively is the rampant corruption in the security forces .
The Kremlin must know this already .
But he must act now , for public support can be no substitute for resolute and effective action .
First , the popular and parliamentary majority in Lebanon must declare that no solution is possible without the election of a new president .
Second , a majority of parliamentarians must sign a petition declaring null and void the extension of Lahoud 's term .
Third , the parliamentary majority must formally acknowledge Lahoud 's illegitimacy .
Finally , Lebanon must elect a new president .
While we must be vigilant in preventing extremist groups from derailing the process , the best way to do so is to accelerate transformation at the top .
As for me , I realize that in seeking Lebanon 's presidency , we must look to the future .
I have also emphasized that Lebanon must develop its comparative advantages , particularly in education , banking , and services .
International organizations like the UN must have at their disposal beforehand enough financial and human resources to go beyond the tokenism that too often characterizes the international response to post-conflict societies .
To its difficulty and unpopularity another drawback to nation-building must now be added : its expense .
Understanding any country 's democratic prospects must begin with a definition of democracy , which is a hybrid form of government , a fusion of two different political traditions .
I must confess that I also tried , several times , to get rid of that inner self , to find a surrogate capable of representing me better on the social scene .
Although we can not expect a miraculous reincarnation of the criminal Mailat , we can and must ask for a radical review of the situation that marginalized people like him face .
That review must be done not only by Romanian and Italian states , but by the Roma community in Romania and Italy and also by the European community itself .
Former generals of the secret police and members of the Communist nomenklatura , untouchable in their comfortable villas and retirements , must derive great pleasure from watching today 's witch hunts and manipulation of old files for immediate political purposes .
Just as slavery must be learned , step-by-step , in order to survive its terror and tricks , so freedom must be learned in order to face its risks and opportunities .
But , just as every act of individual and collective freedom threatened `` real socialism , '' so we must acknowledge that human freedom -- the emancipation of creativity -- means the end of certainty .
Today 's Eastern Europe , some two decades after the revolutions of 1989 , may offer a salutary warning for today 's defiant and jubilant Arab youth that they must remain vigilant .
To survive , its citizens must act in unison or risk seeing every moderate tendency in the country purged by a clamor of illiberal , religious voices .
But this must be a debate between people , and within people .
The real idea of Pakistan , ultimately , must be multiplicity .
Pakistan 's selfhood must be expanded ad maximum and made so capacious that it accommodates its Punjabis , Sindhis , Pathans , and Balochis , and their religions -- Sunni , Shia , Hindu , Christian , Parsi , Qadhianis -- until it is possible to call them all equally `` Pakistani . ''
That must be the ultimate goal , and step one in the long , winding battle to save Pakistan .
That is a national idea worth striving for -- and Pakistan 's intellectuals , its elite , and its youth must be at the forefront of the battle .
To save Pakistan , Jinnah 's spirit , his moth-eaten ideals , must be renewed , and Pakistanis must ask themselves what Pakistan really means .
As a result , women must be strictly secluded and made invisible when in public , for they are personally responsible for the desire that they could ignite in schools , hospitals , parks , or markets .
If an interrogator promises better food or an extra blanket , the guards must provide it ; if an interrogator wants the detainee 's cell to remain brightly lit all night , that must happen , too .
The detainee simply must believe that his fate is entirely in the interrogator 's hands .
Private-sector flows will be vital to the entrepreneurship and innovations that must be at the heart of the new industrial revolution .
To prevent forgery , businesses must purchase special , patented machines for printing these receipts .
Under the 2007 financial law , those who claim the home improvement deduction must supply an invoice from the building contractor , which must specify the cost for labor .
At the same time , the fact that police agents must intervene in places with which they are not familiar severely impedes their effectiveness .
But all public actors , not just the police , must respond to urban problems .
Although these policies must be implemented at a local level , they should be catalyzed and supported by European institutions .
Above all , referees must be accountable for their decisions .
They must not be permitted to decide games of utmost importance in an arbitrary manner that need never be explained to anyone .
But those responsible for a global product on the scale of football surely must act boldly to minimize the most egregious and avoidable errors , and thereby preserve the game 's integrity .
Context reveals something at the low end of the scale as well . Two DNA sequences generated at random must be 25 % identical , by virtue of the fact that DNA is a sequence of only four bases . Therefore , all multicellular life , having presumably developed from a single common ancestral form , must be over 25 % identical in their DNA sequences .
Commitments to resolve the future of the Maoist combatants , along with what the peace agreements call the `` democratization '' of the state army , must now be implemented .
But the world , too , must be generous and steady in assisting Nepal to sustain the still fragile success of a remarkable peace process .
BRUSSELS -- The G-20 governments have declared that competitive devaluations -LRB- or currency wars -RRB- must be avoided .
If an internal EU imbalance is to be corrected , deficit countries must accept real output losses , while surplus countries can maintain or even boost their growth rates .
And , of course , the political sensitivity of Europe 's imbalances consists precisely in telling deficit countries that they must accept enduring hard times while surplus countries are required merely to save a little less .
Here , there is also a technical aspect that must be taken into account : it is much easier to constrain consumption through wage contraction or lower credit expansion than it is to stimulate it , especially if the high propensity to save in some surplus countries reflects cultural and institutional factors .
Above all , he must not play with fire : the US-Japan alliance is a public good that is indispensable for the peace and security of the Asia-Pacific region .
If sustainable nanotechnology is to be built on sound science , global research strategies must be supported by innovative policies and accompanied by sufficient funds to do the job .
We must wake up to the need for future nanotechnology applications to be based on a sound understanding of the possible impact .
Here we must distinguish between national and international terrorism .
In retrospect , `` national '' terrorism in Africa was a form of warfare that must be judged within its political and moral context , and by its ultimate results .
But that unity must be built step by step , with the primary focus on increasing regional trade within Africa .
Africa must cease being a region to be ransacked , burdened with ill-considered debts by the IMF and World Bank , and so left with institutionalised famine , lawlessness , and horrendus corruption .
If true African unity is to emerge , Africa 's rulers must be committed to it , not just in words , but by deeds .
The AU must secure an AAA bond rating in order to tap international capital markets on the most favorable terms , which includes issuing bonds on African exchanges .
A zero tolerance policy must be applied for arrears on contributions .
Africa 's unity must become more than a slogan if Africa is to renew itself and prosper .
African states must now recognize that modernizing their informal sectors by integrating them into the modern economy can be a major development tool . Yet only a few countries have started moving in that direction .
If French Africa is to grow , the franc zone must be dismantled .
But two obstacles must be overcome .
To reap the benefits , sub-Saharan Africa must form an oil-based confederation under the tutelage of thoroughly reformed regional groupings aimed at encouraging economic integration and political union .
The focus must be put on diversifying the economy and enhancing the productive capacity of domestic suppliers .
The first step towards implementing such policies , however , must be to re-invent and reinvigorate a pan-African identity .
Diversity must be a source of richness , not antagonism , and countries that favor the latter must be excluded .
These conflicts have taught Africa that , in order to contain the centrifugal pressures that encourage fragmentation within our relatively new states , a conscious effort must be made to nurture and entrench national unity , which must include democratic practices .
In the current climate of anxiety and uncertainty , policymakers must ensure strong communication and coordination , avoid beggar-thy-neighbor policies , and guard against protectionism .
Second , it is also clear that developed countries must act rapidly and in concert to minimize the impact of the crisis on emerging markets .
Before we provide financial assistance , whether bilaterally or through the international financial institutions -LRB- IFIs -RRB- , we must determine the underlying cause of economic vulnerability and ensure necessary corrective action .
When resources are needed , however , the IFIs are a logical place to turn , and they must show flexibility and adaptability to help their member countries .
But greater representation is not a one-way street : with greater voice and influence , emerging-market countries must assume greater leadership responsibilities and act as constructive partners in these institutions .
In situations where government intervention is necessary , we must consider specific ways in which the private sector can assist in the recovery .
Finally , both Asia and the US must remain focused on addressing the fundamental macroeconomic policy challenges that contributed to the crisis .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
We must therefore seek to enhance our cooperation and leverage our regional , multilateral , and bilateral dialogues and relationships to ensure the integrity and efficacy of these efforts .
But our commitment to reducing the amount of legislation must be matched by an equal commitment to making what we have really count .
That is an imbalance of which legislators must be much more conscious .
Capital markets must be subject to much more detailed and frequent hands-on supervisory inspections .
In Europe , crisis management mechanisms must be put in place to manage their deeply integrated nature , as 80 % of Europe 's banking assets held in cross-border banking groups .
The structure and timing of performance pay in banks must be more closely aligned to long-term shareholder interests and financial stability .
Again , this must be a feature of further revisions to the capital requirement framework for banks .
If a discrete exchange-rate appreciation is to be sustained , it must reflect expected monetary policies : tight money and deflation in the appreciated country , and easy money with inflation in the depreciated country .
In a liberalized capital market , the undiminished risk that the yuan might appreciate means that investors must be compensated by a higher interest rate on dollar assets .
Failing this , China must postpone full liberalization of its financial markets .
On the contrary , these buried memories silently poison the lives of victims , giving rise to seemingly inexplicable psychiatric symptoms , and therefore must be exhumed for healing to occur .
Ordinary forgetfulness that emerges after a trauma must not be confused with amnesia for the trauma .
Incomplete encoding of a trauma must not be confused with amnesia -- an inability to recall something did get into memory .
Drivers now allow pedestrians to cross the street , as in Geneva or Munich -LRB- while in Moscow people must still dash aside from onrushing cars impervious to pedestrian safety -RRB- .
It is a moment that historians must seize .
To reap the full fruits of women 's talents , they must be in more top jobs , too , both in the public and private sector .
To cover the costs of aging and maintain its position as an economic power , Europe must increase overall labor participation considerably .
Not only can and must fathers assume a greater role in child rearing ; a large part of homemaking is perfectly suitable to be met by the market .
But women , too , must adjust . The reality is that top jobs require more than two workdays a week , and they do not coincide with school hours .
Policy measures that cultivate traditional role patterns should be abolished . Instead , one must promote the economic empowerment of women to help generate economic growth .
The impunity that is characteristic of these heinous crimes must stop .
Prosecution must become the rule . The ICC and other tribunals must give a clear signal to the perpetrators .
That must change as well .
If the EU is to lift its gaze from its navel to the horizon , it must reconcile the very different views that exist across Europe of its place in the world and its own best interests .
Eurocrats must learn that Euroskepticism is fundamentally healthy , because it invites closer examination of the policy options open to Europe , and thus increases the involvement of ordinary people in the EU 's policymaking process .
That demand must be abandoned .
For reasons that are now obscure , there is an unwritten rule that Commission presidents must be drawn from the ranks of past or current prime ministers .
France 's successful presidency has intensified doubts about the effectiveness of the Commission and its president , so much so that even in Paris concerns are being voiced that the Brussels executive must somehow be strengthened if it is not to become a mere secretariat .
Back then , he did not need one to be appointed . This time , he must produce one if he is to save his skin .
The European Commission 's watchword has been that the integrity of the Single Market must be defended at all costs , and that it will use its formidable legal powers to ensure that bailouts and other state aid by EU governments do not distort fair competition .
In his famous University of Zurich speech in 1946 , Winston Churchill urged that `` The first step in the re-creation of the European Family must be a partnership between France and Germany . ''
The real problem is that revitalizing the Franco-German alliance must be based on a pro-European agenda , rather than each simply sticking to bad national habits .
When the party is over , hard choices must be made .
Besides abandoning any Gaullist pretensions , the other lesson Germany must learn is that influence is based not only on soft `` civilian power , '' but also on hard military capabilities that are adapted to the exigencies of the post-Cold War world .
If Germany wants to increase its diplomatic weight , it must increase its defense spending .
A serious strategy must do three things : increase support for the region 's democrats ; create a regional context that facilitates democratic development ; and , finally , reorganize ourselves at home to pursue and sustain pro-democracy policies abroad .
First , while the West must play a critical supporting role , change must come from within the region .
In practical terms , the West must increase its direct support for local NGOs and campaigners -LRB- although in countries like Egypt it will first need to get the Government to change the law so that they can receive foreign funding -RRB- .
As well as working to further peace between Israel and Palestine , we must help Turkey succeed in turning itself into a full-fledged democracy that qualifies for EU membership , renew pressure on the Iranian regime for democracy and arms control , and avoid premature disengagement from Iraq .
Finally , we must reorganize ourselves to sustain such a course .
To achieve that , the country must promote itself as a motor of serious European reform , without neglecting the debate on the member states ' role in the EU 's economic choices .
Second , targets need to be not only specific , but also binding . Sanctions for non-compliance must be enforced -- without political meddling .
To encourage China to take the lead in fostering national reconciliation in Burma , the international community must convince China that pushing for reform and change can be a win-win proposition .
The international community must make clear that China 's interests would be protected during a transition to a more open society in Burma , and that some version of the oil pipeline project will be supported by any new regime .
To prevent another recession or worse , the leaders of the 20 wealthiest nations must take aggressive action at the semi-annual G-20 summit in Seoul to develop a broad agenda for more balanced , equitable , and sustainable global growth -- and to oversee its strict implementation .
First , although differences on trade and economic policy must be addressed , short-sighted self-interest must be countered actively .
Excessive surpluses in some countries and excessive debt in others , fueled by undervalued currencies and runaway government spending , respectively , must be curbed .
Countries must commit not to withhold exports of key natural resources for political reasons , and to doing all they can to maintain and promote open markets based on principles of reciprocity and long-term sustainability .
To make this happen , all major players must remain committed to free trade within the context of a fair and equitable global system , and they must communicate this commitment respectfully , forcefully , and repeatedly to their own publics .
As the two most significant global trading powers , the United States and China , especially , must fight tendencies in their own countries to raise hidden barriers or take inappropriate retaliatory action designed to placate domestic public opinion .
All economies must address the domestic dislocations that can accompany the freeing up of markets .
Second , much stronger efforts must be made to move forward with multilateral trade agreements , particularly by completing the Doha Round of trade negotiations .
Third , in the context of an increasingly interdependent global economy , all countries ' monetary and fiscal policies must be better coordinated .
The G-20 must do far more to harmonize economic and trade policies across countries and continents to catalyze global growth .
Unnecessary barriers to cross-border capital flows and direct cross-border investment must be eliminated as economies become stronger .
Likewise , we must move far more quickly towards market-driven currency valuations around the world -- and towards addressing the massive indebtedness of many developed countries .
Fourth , far more must to be done to unlock the tremendous human and economic potential of the world 's 1.4 billion people living in dire poverty and without meaningful opportunity .
G-20 nations must take the lead in making this happen .
Finally , innovation must be promoted as a long-term generator of growth .
And America must be a respectful partner in order to encourage rising powers like India and China to play more constructive roles in international affairs .
The world is not ready for the post-American era , and countries like China and India must play a far greater role in strengthening the existing institutions of world peace and , where appropriate , building new ones that can promote a positive agenda of security , dignity , rights , and prosperity across the globe .
To make its case for a continued global leadership role , America must , however , step up to the plate . While the go-it-alone impulse of the Bush administration has been discredited by its consequences , the inverse lessons regarding how important collaborative action is in today 's interconnected world are still being learned .
If the twenty-first century is to be the Asia-Pacific century , they must be .
All nations must work together to revise our models for international cooperation in a way that incorporates the global shift in economic power .
Given its growing profile , China must do far more to demonstrate its bona fides as a responsible global leader or risk undermining the system that has enabled its own miraculous rise .
If China sees itself as the heir and beneficiary of the US-led post-war international system , it must do much more to prevent and roll back nuclear proliferation in Iran and North Korea , pay a much greater percentage of costs for the United Nations , and curtail its mercantilist policies .
It must also end its alleged corrupt practices in resource-rich parts of the developing world , align its currency policy with global norms , lead efforts to curb greenhouse-gas emissions , and , more generally , take into more account the fate of people outside of China in its decision-making .
As US Presidents Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman demonstrated in the 1940 's , such a system must be articulated and then forged through decisive action and global leadership .
If China sees inviolable state sovereignty as the foundation of twenty-first century international affairs , as now appears to be the case , then it must explain why this principle will not lead to the same disastrous consequences as it did in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
The US and the international community must acknowledge that today 's fast-rising China has earned the right to play an important role in shaping how the twenty-first century unfolds .
A first step in the national healing process must include exploring in a public way the grievances of the country 's minorities , both Tamil and Muslim , and discussing the violations perpetrated by the LTTE and the government during the conflict .
The government must open itself far more to hearing and responding to the legitimate voices of the Sri Lankan people across the country 's political spectrum and ethnic divides .
The government must also make every effort to establish the rule of law , including implementation of the 17th Amendment to the Constitution , which calls for independent judicial institutions , and of the 13th Amendment , which devolves power to the provinces .
Sri Lanka must do far more to ensure minority rights and protections not just because it is the right thing to do , but because it is the best possible investment the country can make in its future .
In particular , the monitoring committees on genetic technology that nations develop must be taken on board by the world of sport .
Moreover , ethics committees must be made aware of the special circumstances of sports , which limit the effectiveness of broader social policies on genetic modification .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
Policies governing gene transfer in sports must , therefore , be recognized as subservient to broader bio-ethical and bio-legal interests that recognize the changing role of genetics in society .
Governments must establish an enabling environment for the private sector to create jobs , and officials can not consider the public purse to be a private bank account .
Alongside this focus on improving African governance , we must also put pressure on our leaders to encourage regional integration .
Economic integration must be backed up by increased intra-regional trade ; less than 4 % of Africa 's trade is between African countries , compared to over 70 % in Europe and over 50 % in Asia .
Africa , with its huge and often untapped markets , must follow the same path .
Africans themselves must tackle these issues , but our international partners have an important role to play .
Instead , scientists must harness the `` natural experiments '' in which exposures have already occurred .
But , like epidemiological evidence , laboratory studies have many uncertainties , and scientists must extrapolate from study-specific evidence to make judgments about causation and recommend protective measures .
This second Poland -- of openness and tolerance , of John Paul II and Czeslaw Milosz , of my friends from the underground and from prison -- must prevail .
He believed that everyone can change for the better , and that we must nurse the spirit of dialogue , tolerance , and the ability to forgive and to reconcile .
We must remember that acts which we now reject were also possible within our community , as we work to make what was once possible impossible .
They must realize that government will not ride to their rescue .
Regulation then must ensure that bankers do n't abuse their charter by taking excessive risks with their depositors ' money -- which is precisely where regulators failed most notably in recent years , opening the way to the financial crisis .
So , in order to keep residual losses small , supervisors must be obliged to undertake early corrective action when a bank 's capital weakens , which is how the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation operates .
If globalization , which has so enriched the world 's wealthiest countries , is to continue , governments must find ways to increase incomes more evenly .
During the past decade , delegates to the UN-sponsored Convention on Biological Diversity negotiated a `` bio-safety protocol '' to regulate the international movement of GM organisms . It was based on the bogus `` precautionary principle '' which dictates that every new technology -- including , in the case of GM , an improvement over less precise technologies -- must be proven utterly safe before it can be used .
Precautionary regulation shifts the burden of proof from the regulator , who previously had to demonstrate that a new technology was likely to cause some harm , to the innovator , who now must demonstrate that the technology will not .
So the high - and low-erucic acid varieties of rapeseed plants must be carefully segregated in the field and thereafter .
Arata Kochi , the WHO official in charge of malaria said , `` We must take a position based on the science and the data .
Nobody can be sure about the consequences of making new forms of life , and we must expect the unexpected and the unintended .
Likewise , Brazil must cool its overheated labor market and stem the deterioration in the external balance -LRB- which has swung from a small surplus to a deficit of more than 2 % of GDP over the last three years , despite a large gain in the terms of trade -RRB- .
But this window of opportunity must not be wasted if Brazil is to consolidate and build upon its current successes .
If so , then a key condition must be the self-respect that comes from working things out for ourselves , individually and collectively .
Globalization must not be allowed to blind us .
Meanwhile , those employees left behind must work that much harder , often without increased compensation .
But there has clearly been a great deal of reliance on this strategy , with companies shedding employees not only because they must , but often because they have not met Wall Street analysts ' financial expectations .
But if these stunning economic statistics make you think that so much capitalist development must also have brought more democracy to China , think again .
A special 30,000-strong police unit monitors and screens Internet traffic , advanced technology is deployed to block access to overseas Web sites considered `` hostile or harmful , '' and Internet service and content providers , both domestic and Western , must comply with onerous restrictions designed to suppress political dissent and track down offenders .
Having learned from the collapse of the Soviet Union that a bureaucratic ruling party must co-opt new social elites to deprive potential opposition groups of leaders , the Communist Party has conducted an effective campaign of expanding its social base .
This means that the country seeking information must produce a substantiated request , naming the taxable person and the specific bank in question or describing them in sufficient detail .
Good governments must emphasise real development , which means removing what the Nobel laureate Amartya Sen calls the unfreedoms of illiteracy , ill-health and social deprivation .
Porous before expansion , these borders must now constrain illegal migration and repel criminal activity .
For example , the EU must rethink its trade policies , which are now the most discriminatory towards these new neighbors , all of whom lack membership in the World Trade Organization and are restricted from freely selling steel , textiles , and a broad range of agricultural products in the EU .
Countries such as Moldova and Ukraine , whose natural export markets lie in EU countries , must be offered the same type of `` reform for market access '' bargains given to Poland and Hungary 15 years ago .
In other words , any lowering of EU trade barriers must be matched domestically by free-market reforms and greater democratization .
Iraqi democrats must re-assess and develop a clear public strategy .
The CPA , and the world community , must not prejudice the outcome of their efforts by accepting a facile and bogus view of Iraqi society .
Seeking a way out of this difficult situation , the Supreme Leader declared that the electoral disputes must be settled in through legal channels , not on the street .
Mousavi must carefully continue his legal campaign , without compromising the trust he has gained from the majority of Iranians .
He must stand by his two principal demands : nullification of the election and establishment of an impartial committee to rule on the government 's violations of the electoral law .
All available historical and contemporary evidence suggests that they must .
As the world 's physical resources grow scarcer , we must increasingly rely on the best and most proven renewable resource available -- human ingenuity .
The revolution that must be overcome is that of May 1968 , whose leaders and supporters , according to Sarkozy , may have lost politically to de Gaulle , but deeply weakened France over the succeeding decades with their emphasis on `` false values . ''
Even if his victory remains unlikely , Bayrou must now be taken seriously .
For them , to say `` Russia is back '' means that the humiliating Yeltsin years are over , and that they now must be treated as equals , particularly by the United States .
But confidence , like blood pressure , must be balanced : the problem starts when you have too much or too little of it .
Indeed , by militarizing our thinking , it renders us incapable of finding the right answers , which must be as much political as security-oriented .
We must of course protect ourselves in the most serious and determined manner from the threat that terrorism may pose should , say , extremists acquire nuclear or biological weapons .
Intelligence , diplomacy , security forces , and educating people to the requirements of life lived under the shadow of an invisible menace must all be brought to bear .
But that does not mean that we must become literally obsessed with terrorism at the expense of losing sight of broader historical challenges .
Today , Americans and Europeans alike must demonstrate modesty .
Unlike when the Alliance was created , a multi-polar world system has taken shape , in which the West 's demographic and economic share has fallen , and in which it must now compete with successful authoritarian models such as China or even Russia .
So , because Sarkozy wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize France 's relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars -- European and American .
As a result , for the sake of Europe , France must move closer to the Alliance .
As for business leaders , despite the hefty fees they must pay to become members of the `` Davos Family , '' they , too , keep coming because for them the Forum ultimately represents a time - and money-saving investment .
If so , it must consider having a special relationship with countries like India and Japan , to name a few .
If it is to remain a `` Western Alliance '' in a `` globalized '' world , must it define a much clearer relationship with Russia without giving the Kremlin a veto in the Alliance ?
One thing is certain ; a `` shrinking West , '' as long as it retains some influence , must create the best institutions it can during the time it still has .
A `` Third Way '' for Confronting Russia PARIS -- `` Let 's engage Russia if we can , but contain it if we must . ''
Yet , between all-out containment , which is very unlikely and not necessarily desirable or realistic , and accommodation which borders on appeasement , which would be dangerous for Europe 's future , a third way , based on a few firm principles , must be found .
But , beyond strategic considerations , something else must be mentioned -LRB- with prudence -RRB- .
Fifth , to these `` old '' problems one must add a new one : the likely impact on transatlantic relations of the worst financial crisis in decades .
In a world where , in comparative terms , there is less America because of the rise of China and India and the resurgence of Russia , and less Europe in diplomatic and strategic terms -LRB- due to institutional paralysis -RRB- , if not economic and cultural terms , France , according to Sarkozy , must clearly define itself as part of the West .
And , just as the very notion of the West must now be analyzed and probably redefined for the twenty-first century , so France must play a central part in this act of reassessment .
If the concept of the West is to become the new cornerstone of France 's diplomatic identity , it must be applied with prudence and moderation , even as Barack Obama 's arrival in the White House is likely to improve its image of the premiere Western power .
Everything must be done , even a unilateral military strike , to prevent or at least delay Iran 's acquisition of such a weapon .
These questions are important , because `` fatalism '' has become a major obstacle that must be overcome by anyone seriously interested in bringing peace to the region .
What is certain is that a rebalancing between North and South must start with an honest and hard-headed look at Europe 's current status in our multilateral system .
If Europeans want to regain self-confidence , pride and , collective hope , they must seize the opportunity that the necessary and inevitable adjustment of the multilateral system represents for them .
France must not delude itself : Germany is not about to convert to nuclear energy to reduce its reliance on Russian oil and gas .
Yet Germany also must realize that Russia 's negative evolution has consequences that Germans can not escape .
It is impossible to say to Afghanistan , for example , `` You have deeply disappointed us , so , from now on , you must clean up your own mess . '' In Afghanistan , Gabon , Iran , Pakistan , and elsewhere , fundamental Western interests -- though very different depending on the case -- are at stake .
But , in pursuit of these difficult objectives , the West must get both its ambitions and its methods right .
China must confront them if it wants to progress domestically and become a respected and respectable actor of the international system .
But there is a major difference between the search for historical truth , which is an absolute must for a society at large and the search for the settling of scores and the punishment of those found and declared guilty .
One must know the past , not to risk repeating it , but also in order to transcend it .
To understand these different situations , one must consider the will of people to destroy their walls in the case of East Germany , to expand them in the case of Israel , and to freeze them in the case of Cyprus and the government of North Korea .
What must be discussed is the security wall 's unnecessary and aggressive geography , accompanied by the provocation of further Israeli settlements on the West Bank , not the principle that stands behind it .
For example , if Pakistan is to dedicate all of its forces to the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban , India must convince the Pakistani Army that it need not fear a stab in the back .
European recognition of crimes against the Jews , they argue , must be followed by an admission of guilt towards the Continent 's black minorities .
To face the challenge of integration , France must face its past .
But it must also behave in a modern , rather than a neo-colonial , way in many places in its former African empire .
Open societies , especially if they want to compete with non-democratic countries , must be more muscular : openness requires strength .
This year provides a historic window of opportunity . We must seize it .
To make minds meet in Copenhagen , both sides must be flexible and willing to make necessary compromises .
While enlargement remains the EU 's most important geo-strategic goal , we must shoulder our global responsibility in other ways as well .
To this end , we must strengthen the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
To ensure the safety and security of our citizens , we must fight terrorism , trafficking in human beings and international crime .
At the same time , we must promote fair and equal treatment of refugees and legal aliens .
These are impressive figures , and the expense is trivial compared to the anti-retroviral drugs needed to treat AIDS , which cost more than $ 200 annually and must be taken every day , not every year .
Above all , innovation will blossom wherever it is recognized that innovation must be open to the physical world and to the world of ideas , and that , because no firm , no process , and no invention has a guaranteed future , everyone should be prepared for uncertainty .
Once a plausible hypothesis is formulated , it must be tested against all existing theories and against all available experience and information .
Theories are never certain and must always be prepared for an uncertain future .
As contemporary authoritarian regimes learn how to manage and engineer information flows , we must understand that promoting and protecting free speech in places like China and Russia is not a simple matter of `` tearing down the wall . ''
Europe 's left must still clarify its vision of the future .
Given the staggering amount of programming needed to fill the time slots , content monitoring must be implemented with maximum efficiency .
Given that coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death in nearly all countries , including developing nations , intensive efforts must be undertaken to greatly reduce or eliminate use of partially hydrogenated oils in both the developed and the developing world .
To be successful , a strategy of fighting climate change must be not only fair , but also effective .
If a country exceeds its level of emissions , it must buy additional credits from other countries that achieve emissions lower than their permitted levels .
This means that limits on our consumption of fossil fuels can not be measured only by the availability of supplies , but must also take account of the environmental costs .
This uncertainty must be taken seriously when formulating strategies to combat climate change .
First , countries with current-account surpluses such as Germany , Japan and China must recognize that their own growth -LRB- and that of others -RRB- depends on reducing the global savings-investment imbalance , which will result in narrowing external deficits elsewhere .
Second , everyone must recognize their stake in restoring balanced advanced-country growth as much and as soon as possible in order to counter the ongoing shortfall in aggregate demand .
So , two crucial items must claim priority at the top of the world 's economic agenda in the months ahead .
It is clear by now that economic reform must be coupled with political reform , so that institutional mechanisms of accountability are developed to monitor any excesses and ensure that benefits are made available to all .
So it is untrue that the only viable alternative to unrelenting absolutist rule must be Islamist .
But cultures that tend to resent the economically successful -- either as an affront to equality , or on the implicit assumption that the economic gains of some must be at the expense of others -- tend to be more hostile toward Jews and given to conspiratorial theories to explain their economic success .
This change will affect many others , and it must be analyzed from an Arab perspective , as well as from outside that perspective .
The UN would say it must be invited into a country before it can take certain forms of action , such as sending official election observers .
At the same time , he is associated with Iranian reformists , who believe that Iran must enact major domestic and foreign policy changes to escape its economic crisis and international isolation .
These must be addressed if Afghanistan is to be revived .
The West must stick with Afghanistan until its reconstruction is established .
But stripped they must be .
To achieve this goal , the agricultural economy must be revived in order to revive this industry , providing jobs and food for people .
A massive impediment here is the millions of mines left over from the Soviet invasion that must be removed .
Village housing must be provided at a massive level .
Roads , airports and communications systems must also be revitalized if trade is to be restored .
Afghanistan , indeed , must be integrated into the regional pipeline and other development schemes .
Finally , donor countries must apply the lessons learned in restoring the war-ravaged states of the former Yugoslavia .
Grants and planning must be coordinated , and the consent of Afghanistan 's neighboring countries assured .
An international conference on Afghanistan should be called by the US and held under UN auspices . It must affirm not only Afghanistan 's territorial integrity , but insure that donor commitments meet the scale of the job and that these promises are kept .
Southern Africa 's leading economies must therefore make every effort to promote regional integration .
Political leaders must create incentives and financial headroom for their forces to undergo the necessary changes .
First and foremost , savings generated from restructuring must be reinvested in transforming military forces .
But these trade-offs must be made if Europe 's military is to meet the Continent 's security needs .
At the most basic level , governments must take a hard look at conscription and territorial defense forces , which eat up far too much of Europe 's military budgets .
The two bodies must expand their strategic dialogue beyond their current focus on the Balkans and Afghanistan .
Moreover , transatlantic defense trade must be used to augment European capabilities at the lowest possible cost .
Indeed , 2010 will determine whether US President Barack Obama 's vision of a nuclear-free world will remain a distant but achievable hope , or must be abandoned .
Immediate further cuts must include sub-strategic weapons , with the few remaining American nuclear weapons in Europe withdrawn in exchange for the elimination of the still substantial Russian stockpile .
To do so , they must address several major challenges .
But they can be partly overcome with intensive training in Cambodian and international law and complex investigative techniques . This must be reinforced by vigorous independent monitoring throughout the process .
For the sake of fairness and due process , this rule must be changed for the Extraordinary Chambers , so that international lawyers can contribute equally to the defense .
Everyone -- the government , the opposition , and the public -- must commit themselves to a peaceful resolution .
The ban on public demonstrations must be lifted .
Those in jail must be released or given a fair trial .
Those held simply because they do not support the government must be freed and allowed to participate in the democratic process .
The government-controlled media must be open to diverse opinions ; in particular , opposition access must be guaranteed .
Equally important , the international community must send observers -- and thus a clear signal to the government that any attempt to maintain power by force or intimidation is unacceptable .
The world must keep watching , just as it watched in Georgia , Ukraine , Lebanon , and Palestine .
It must rely on persuasion to secure cooperation by others -- cooperation that is still being withheld in the case of the two most notorious defendants from the Bosnian War , Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic . .
We are thus slowly reaching the point where some of those contemplating crimes such as those committed by Slobodan Milosevic must recognize that one day they could be held accountable .
Most important , of course , is the need to prevent the suffering caused by the crimes that lead to international prosecutions ; and when those crimes can not be prevented , we must provide some comfort and redress to the victims and their families by doing justice .
The indictment of al-Bashir , who is as entitled to the presumption of innocence as any other defendant , is another important milestone on the long road that must be traveled to reach the goal that the world set for itself .
This must be done fairly , so that disproportionate focus on one side 's abuses does not create distortions .
And it must be done as quickly as is consistent with accuracy and fairness , so that the information can be used effectively to help prevent additional abuses .
The Conventions require that , where there is any doubt , a hearing must be held before an impartial tribunal to determine whether a prisoner seized during an armed conflict is entitled to prisoner-of-war status .
Because almost all major actors on the international stage are redefining their roles in response to this tectonic shift , Europe must do the same .
In the face of this new\/old reality , Europe must not merely make itself heard on the great global issues of trade and fiscal imbalances , important as they are .
Instead , Europe must recognize which of its strategic assets matter to the world 's rising powers and leverage those assets to gain influence .
If the EU is to craft a successful policy toward the world 's rising powers , it must speak in a strategic language that they understand .
In this respect , Vilks ' work must be regarded as having succeeded in exposing moral double standards -- no matter what one thinks of the drawing itself .
The West ca n't change Russia 's behavior with persuasion , so it must try to use its leverage : make the Nabucco pipeline bypassing Russia a reality , build LNG terminals , include energy in Europe 's Common Foreign and Security Policy , diversify supply , and screen companies seeking capital in London 's stock exchange more carefully .
It must be distributed to the needy rather than favoring the elite - a tendency established in the past .
The international community must understand that the political benefits of not alienating the old elite while offering new opportunities to traditionally excluded groups outweigh the financial cost .
Countries that still struggle with malnutrition and illnesses like malaria , tuberculosis , and HIV\/AIDS , now must contend with an explosion of CVD 's , diabetes , and obesity , as well as soaring rates of high blood pressure and high blood cholesterol .
There are no hospitals in nature . The sudden loss of many brain cells as a result of strokes or injuries must have serious effects on an animal 's survival .
Revealed truth , the Cardinal seemed to say , must be accorded primacy over the truths science reveals through reason .
If this beneficial relationship is to be maintained , scientific independence -- from both religious dogmatism and governmental intervention -- must be defended .
Parents can tell many a tale about how , with the beginning of school , their children 's playful approach suddenly changes , as they must now focus on objects dictated by the curriculum .
But curiosity must not be limited too severely , lest science 's ability to produce new knowledge be lost .
These considerations must be borne in all efforts to support basic research .
The dilemma must be overcome by allowing curiosity to be protected and supported , while trying to capture those of its fruits that will benefit society .
How we accomplish this must be continuously negotiated in the public sphere .
Just as formal schooling needs to become better integrated with the informal learning environments to which our children are exposed in multiple ways , formal and informal learning must mesh in a life-long process .
Under this broad umbrella , research , development , and innovation -LRB- RD&I -RRB- policy must identify the right answers on two fronts : `` what '' and `` how . ''
Climate change and poverty , the two defining challenges of this century , must be tackled together .
To avoid the severe risks that would result from a rise in global average temperature of more than 2 ?C , we must get atmospheric concentrations below 450 ppm . This will require a cut in annual global emissions from about 50 gigatonnes of CO2-equivalent today to below 35 gigatonnes in 2030 , and less than 20 gigatonnes by 2050 .
As the projections for 2050 suggest that the world 's population will be about nine billion , annual per-capita emissions must be reduced to approximately two tons of CO2-equivalent , on average , if the global annual total is to be less than 20 gigatonnes .
If they are to convince developing countries that the 2050 goal is credible , they must be both ambitious and realistic about the domestic political challenges they face in adopting and implementing demanding targets for 2020 , 2030 , and 2040 .
Rich countries must also demonstrate that low-carbon growth is possible by investing in new technologies , which should be shared with developing countries to boost their mitigation efforts .
We know what we must do , and we can do it .
Joint action on nuclear-threat reduction must be a critical element in moving the Euro-Atlantic nations toward a level of stability and strength and allow them to exercise badly needed global leadership .
This is only a partial list of what must be done if governments are serious about building a stronger , inclusive European security order , one where the roles and risks of nuclear weapons are reduced , and ultimately eliminated .
NATO , OSCE , and other key regional institutions must give this concept and process their essential support .
But when rebuilding starts , rural areas must not be overlooked .
But public - private partnerships must be backed up with the right policies and support for rural communities , so that poor rural people can increase food production , improve their lives , and contribute to greater food security for all .
Governments must create the right policy environment to allow for appropriate investments in research and development to enhance productivity and increase production .
Investment in agriculture in Africa must focus on creating a dynamic smallholder sector .
Governments must become more investor-friendly to attract greater private-sector interest .
They must continue to deepen the foundations of democracy and ensure the political stability that is so critical to economic growth .
Significant progress must be made in Africa to advance both women 's empowerment and their status in society -- particularly with regard to land and credit .
So Africa 's development must be made in Africa , by Africans , for Africans .
Every tree , every plant , must be fully rooted in its own soil to flourish .
Change can not be imposed from outside , it must be cultivated from within .
I say ` she ' because the majority of small-scale farmers in Africa are women . '' Indeed , half of the world 's smallholders are women , and we must keep in mind their punishing task of walking long lengths to get their produce to market .
At the International Fund for Agricultural Development -LRB- IFAD -RRB- , we believe that farming , regardless of size or scale , must be seen as a business , and smallholder farmers as small-scale business owners rather than poor people who need handouts .
Now a spate of scientific analyses , based on brain imaging technology and new anthropological and evolutionary discoveries , suggests that we may have had our heads in the sand , and that we must be willing to grapple with what seem to be at least some genuine , measurable differences between the sexes .
Some of her findings are provocative : it seems , for example , that we are hard-wired for serial monogamy and must work very hard to maintain pair-bonds ; that highly orgasmic women enjoy an evolutionary advantage ; and that flirtation among primates closely resembles the way young men and women in a bar show their sexual interest today .
Protest that works must disrupt business as usual and , ideally , stop traffic .
The `` logical conclusion , '' according to Dixon , is that Khan `` must be detained for the rest of his life -- regardless of whether he is ever charged with a crime -- because if he was ever released , nothing would prevent him from disclosing this information .
The facts concerning his case must be independently verified .
Indeed , Zimbabwe 's elderly President Robert Mugabe , who is 79 , must now be reckoning with the inevitability of his own political demise .
Many of America 's allies say that they resent the excessive unilateralism of the Bush Administration 's foreign policy , but even President Clinton argued that America must be prepared to go it alone when no alternative exists .
Finally , in choosing between multilateral and unilateral tactics , Americans must consider the effects of the decision on its soft power , which can be destroyed by excessive unilateralism and arrogance .
In balancing whether to use multilateral or unilateral tactics , or to adhere or refuse to go along with particular multilateral initiatives , any country must consider how to explain its actions to others and what the effects will be on its soft power .
Because they attract followers , governments must take them into account both as allies and adversaries .
Governments remain the major actors in world politics , but they now must share the stage with many more competitors for attention .
After Abu Ghraib , even US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld must take notice .
But one must be cautious about visions .
Some aspiring leaders think that they must proclaim a vision that overawes their followers .
And , to be sustainable , a successful vision must also be an effective diagnosis of the situation that a group faces .
Leaders must get the question right before proposing answers .
They must be able to assess reality accurately .
A movement leader can promote a vision that is miles ahead of his followers , while a prime minister with multiple objectives and responsibilities must maintain a continuous dialogue with the public , which keeps him or her from moving too far ahead of citizens .
But critics of Bush at home and abroad must also realize that , notwithstanding past mistakes , pursuing a common strategy is essential , because terrorism is here to stay .
According to the report , the General Assembly has lost vitality , the Security Council must be more proactive , the Commission on Human Rights suffers from a legitimacy deficit , the Secretariat should be more professional and better organized , and major institutional gaps hinder responses to economic and social threats to international security .
No single report can create a more secure world , but those who support that goal must hope that governments and their publics will consider seriously the Panel 's recommendations .
Words must be matched by deeds before people are convinced .
But limiting attention to Islamic terrorists would be a mistake , because it ignores the wider effects of the democratization of technology and the broader set of challenges that must be met .
As Thucydides put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War , `` The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must . ''
For the game to go on indefinitely , you must maintain the trust of the other players .
Working to raise the thresholds that terrorists must overcome requires a systemic approach , since plugging one hole can simply divert terrorists to others .
If we must wait for development assistance to raise the world from poverty as the answer to terrorism , we will all be dead .
Taming North Korea The fires of the Middle East must not be allowed to distract the world 's attention from the threat posed by North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , which it demonstrated by its recent test of a long-range missile .
For stability to be preserved , Sino-Japanese relations must improve .
It must be rooted in the indigenous society and bear its characteristics , not be imposed from abroad .
Americans and Chinese must avoid such exaggerated fears .
Both sides must take care that an incident concerning Taiwan does not lead in that direction .
Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy .
A dictator must attract or induce henchmen to impose his coercive techniques on others .
Hard power has not become irrelevant , but leaders must develop the contextual intelligence that allows them to combine hard and soft power resources into a `` smart power '' strategy .
Good leaders must manage their inner circle of advisers to ensure an accurate flow of information and influence .
They must avoid the `` emperor 's trap '' of hearing only about the beauty of their new clothes .
Kaplan argues that modern leaders must respond in kind , and that modern leadership will demand a pagan ethos rooted in the past .
Smoking is a similar example : non-smokers must bear part of the increased healthcare costs that smoking imposes .
The rise of non-state actors also must be managed .
And , in a world where borders are becoming increasingly porous to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , America must mobilize international coalitions to address shared threats and challenges .
The new president must deal with the past and chart a new future at the same time .
In second place must be America 's two current wars .
Indeed , Obama 's most important priority must be to show that America is back in the business of exporting hope rather than fear .
Given the enormous uncertainties involved , the new cyber dimensions of security must be high on every government 's agenda .
Demands for self-determination in today 's world must be judged on a case-by-case basis that assesses the motives , means , and consequences involved , and that does so in a multilateral framework .
In other words , the Internet age requires new styles of leadership in which attractive soft power must supplement the traditional hard power of command .
And , while depressed economic activity may slow somewhat the rate of greenhouse-gas build-up in the atmosphere , it will also slow the types of costly programs that governments must enact to address emissions that have already occurred .
Since they lack the legitimate authority of elected or high-level appointed officials , bureaucratic entrepreneurs must remain cognizant of the need to balance initiative with loyalty .
They must also better understand the nature of the contextual intelligence they will need to educate their hunches and sustain strategies of smart power .
Most important , in today 's age of globalization , revolutionary information technology , and broadened participation , citizens in democracies must learn more about the nature and limits of the new demands on leadership .
In the newspaper 's words , `` state of the art factories , high-tech weapons , advanced information communications infrastructure are the key components that a country must have for stronger international competitiveness . ''
But for these `` hard power '' ingredients to become true engines of the country 's growth and prosperity , they must be backed by more sophisticated and highly efficient `` soft power . ''
But , as Barack Obama said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` we must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
Instead , it must remain a two-way process , because soft power depends , first and foremost , upon understanding the minds of others .
Few people believe that the system is rotten and must be overthrown .
All who admire the European experiment must hope that they succeed .
As US President Barack Obama said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
Global institutions , not ad hoc groups of countries , must be at the center of the reform effort .
Discussion must start by agreeing on regulatory principles . An obvious one is that regulations must be comprehensive , to avoid the massive loopholes that led to the current turmoil .
But any summons to a `` Bretton Woods II '' conference must be concrete in its content . A global system for prudential regulation and supervision ; a revamped IMF managing a global reserve currency , coordinating global macroeconomic policy , and providing agile credit lines ; and an international debt court -- all of these must be on the agenda .
It must be emphasized that a system based on competing reserve currencies would not solve the instability and inequities of the current system .
This is what was hoped for when SDRs were created in the 1960 's , and this process must be completed by transforming the SDRs into such a global currency .
Reform of the global reserve system must be part of that broader agenda .
This is , of course , impossible , as surpluses and deficits must be in balance for the world economy as a whole .
Countries running surpluses must adopt expansionary policies and appreciate their currencies .
But , while that implies that emerging-market currencies must strengthen , disorderly appreciations would do more harm than good .
To work effectively , electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers , in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level , and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations .
Not only are they held to targets of 7 % annual economic growth or better -LRB- like many corporate executives -RRB- , they must also improve environmental quality , build better infrastructure , and reduce local crime levels .
For the euro to help lift European growth and productivity in any significant way , governments must allow -- indeed , encourage -- stronger competitive forces across the EMU area .
Our detailed analysis , conducted in 21 countries and regions over two years , suggests that every region and sector must play its part .
Developing and developed nations alike must invest in reducing emissions .
Helping soybean farmers , palm-oil planters , and cattle ranchers from Brazil to Southeast Asia to use land more productively , thereby reducing pressure on tropical forests , must be an integral part of the solution .
Our research suggests that annual growth in water productivity must increase from 0.3 % to more than 3 % in the coming decades .
If we are to achieve the necessary levels of energy , land , water , and carbon productivity , we must develop an integrated global framework that recognizes resource inter-dependencies .
Serbia 's leadership of the Council of Europe is a done deal . But the EU must insist on Serbia 's compliance with the ICTY , the ICJ decision , and its own Copenhagen political criteria .
Mladic must be arrested before talks start , not after .
But Europe must nonetheless recognize the need to distinguish clearly between partners , competitors , and opponents , and to formulate a more sophisticated and articulated policy towards Russia , in particular .
In this situation , Central European countries must cooperate to defend their own interests , as well as their dream of a common Europe .
Yet Western policy towards Belarus must be carefully modulated , and it should emphasize Europe 's soft power -- the attractiveness of its social model to an increasing number of Belarusians .
The debate about the timing and technical form of euroization must address which monetary regime -- full-fledged euroization or floating exchange rates -- is more effective in lowering risk premiums in the candidate countries .
Flexible inflation targeting is intrinsically complex and thus must be conducted with a high degree of transparency .
But can the political will for renewed reform be mustered in a government that is half liberal and half populist ?
Although there is no need immediately to announce a specific exchange rate for the zloty at euro entry , such a program must include among its focal points a formula for determining the rate .
But a Muslim living in Europe is confronted with the necessity of objectifying the religion . Ulemas -LRB- religious scholars -RRB- are useless for believers who must search for purely religious criteria that are no longer linked to a given culture .
If Europeans want to take part in vital global decisions - as the EU security strategy outlined not long ago by Javier Solana argued - they must find a middle way between the unanimity rule and the reality of member states ' actual power .
To make this body viable , realistic criteria must underpin its design .
Representation of other EU member states in the ESC must take into account their population , economy , and military clout , which would allow an appropriate role and standing to such countries as Italy , Spain , and Poland .
The Foreign Minister and the European Security Council must be allowed to use all available European leverage to the fullest .
Those principles must then be implemented effectively .
On the contrary , the international community must be ready to enforce the most sacrosanct rules of peaceful coexistence , and sometimes this may include resorting to the use of force .
Rather , it must be the product of the widest possible consensus on a critical threat assessment .
If such a consensus can not be reached , at least Western powers and like-minded states must agree , as in Kosovo in 1999 , for example .
Second , as long as a serious breach of international law is not detected , negotiations with Iran must continue .
The US administration must recognize that foreign policy is not security policy , and that a powerful military is not a magic wand .
This period came to be known as the `` lost decade . '' UNICEF responded with Adjustment with a Human Face , which argued that children must be protected during economic crises .
How many children will miss out on education because teachers are absent due to low wages , or simply because poor children must work to supplement their family income ?
Publicly acknowledging that the US `` has been the largest historic emitter of greenhouse gases , '' she declared that the America `` must lead efforts to cut harmful emissions and build a lower carbon-economy . ''
Both Chu and Locke are aware that the US and China are now the world 's largest emitters of greenhouse gases , and that , if there is any hope of remedying global climate change , the two countries must quickly find a way to collaborate .
And that means that China also must reconsider its rigid notion of sovereignty .
Investors should diversify their risk , and so must China .
The world must fervently hope that the Turkish proposal for a Caucasus Stability and Cooperation Platform is more serious and sustained than previous similar efforts .
But , in order to succeed , Turkey must firmly pursue a pledge from all the region 's players to repudiate the use of force in settling their disputes .
There must be normalization in our relations in order for the Caucasus to coalesce into a functional region .
That is why the world must not remain focused on the already-lost first phase .
Instead , the world must focus on the second phase , because it is weapons potential that is the looming danger , and it is here that internationally mandated mechanisms for oversight and supervision exist .
But the international community must be more respectful of Iran 's current industrial aims if it wants Iranian cooperation .
But , to talk with Iran effectively , one must understand Iranian values and thinking .
So , even as Turkey tries to deal with the consequences of its history at home , and redefine the army 's role in society , it must reset its tortured relationship with Armenia .
The two sides must step back , look at the situation dispassionately , acknowledge the deficiencies in the protocols , address the other side 's minimum requirements , and bear in mind that a single document will not heal all wounds or wipe out all fears .
The international community must support this effort .
A meeting of presidents is , after all , the ultimate negotiating forum , and must lead to real , sustainable success .
If we are to sustain a world of that size , growth must occur almost entirely in cities .
For now , we in Middle Israel must curb our own extremists and hold out for the Palestinian moderates to prevail .
She represents the civic values that have been common to many `` middle Israelis '' ever since Theodore Herzl first put them in writing : the Jewish state must be modern and democratic to the core .
Olmert , Defense Minister Ehud Barak , and Foreign Minister Tzippi Livni have cast aside their political rivalries in order to orchestrate an answer : Israel must fight off the Gazan rockets .
But even opponents of Olmert 's second war must face the blunt fact that Hamas is lethal .
But , after the election in February , Israel 's next leader must face the moderate Arab challenge .
He or she must talk directly to the Arab League , whose proposed peace plan will require tough Israeli negotiation , but is a reasonable start to preventing future wars , including just wars .
Israel must learn to speak in fewer political tongues . It 's the only way out of a dangerous impasse at a dangerous historical moment .
The bigger parties must ignore the vested interests of their junior partners , go back to the drawing board , and raise the Knesset entry-level substantially .
The Israeli government of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu must apologize to the victims , investigate what happened on the blood-stained decks of the flotilla 's boats , and move on to honest peace talks with willing Palestinian leaders , like Abu Mazen , the president of the Palestine National Authority .
In this particular case , we must even apologize to those who openly loathe us and our state .
Exceptionally favorable economic conditions worldwide at this time no doubt helped significantly , but the real credit must go to a government that stuck to its liberalizing instincts .
Given the challenge facing us , the magnitude and nature of which were clearly brought out by the IPCC , the Copenhagen Conference later this year must produce a multi-lateral agreement that deals adequately with climate change .
Now , after the bubbles have burst , and the property market 's inevitable collapse has been followed by that of banks , public finances , and labor markets , the villains must be punished .
To advance both objectives , the EU must link its investment and aid programs to concrete progress on democratization , and press for much greater accountability and improvement in reforming educational systems throughout the region .
Thus , any state intervention in the economy must make someone worse off .
On one hand , policy must fuel asset bubbles to keep the economy growing .
In effect , the new cycle locks the Fed into an unstable stance whereby it must prevent asset price declines to avert recession , yet must also promote asset bubbles to sustain expansions .
Policy must also chart a stable long-term course , which implies the need to reconsider the paradigm of the past 25 years .
Whereas the bogey of inflation seems finally to have been laid to rest , another myth must still be challenged -- that the Fed and other central banks should save their `` bullets '' for a rainy day and should therefore resist cutting rates .
All of this must be fixed . But sacrificing the Big Three automakers will accomplish nothing while risking a tragic economic depression .
Land planning must be overhauled , with industrial monopolies broken up and development goals set according to population , resource volume , and the capacity to absorb pollution .
China 's people have the biggest stake in environmental protection , and so must become the driving force .
Local communities , non-governmental organizations , and businesses all must do their part .
They must expand into other avenues of appeal : public hearings , welfare lawsuits , enhanced media coverage , and other voluntary activities .
They must give real power to environmental officials to implement existing laws and close gaping legal loopholes .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
If Turkey is serious about joining the European family , it must recognize the Republic of Cyprus -- like any other member state .
A road map must be drawn up for the withdrawal of Turkish troops from Cyprus and a settlement of the political division of the island .
At Helsinki in December 1999 , the EU agreed that Turkey must resolve its differences with its neighbors peacefully by the end of 2004 , within the framework of EU and international law ; otherwise , any outstanding dispute would be settled at the International Court of Justice .
Obviously , there is a point where a leader must commit to a decision .
Political parties everywhere must now become an agent for similar change .
But we must also keep in mind that crisis brings with it opportunities for change .
The OSCE meeting in Athens comes at a critical time , when Europeans must move into the twenty-first century more united than ever before .
We must take this opportunity to restore the full capacity of the OSCE and make a fresh commitment to an indivisible European security system .
Many people point to the fact that few Muslim societies are democratic and conclude that Islam must be inherently undemocratic .
Nature , after all , had the luxury of time , billions of years of it , whereas we mortals must demonstrate progress before our research grants run out .
All of us must hope that the first Internet-generation American President can lead his own country and the rest of humanity into a safer and more sustainably prosperous future .
They bridle at a government that must do unpopular things and that also looks narrow and mean-spirited .
It is not perfect . Some of the compromises that democrats must occasionally make with one-time terrorists are difficult to stomach .
Of course , they know much better than any visitor the many problems India still must tackle -- social , environmental and economic , with many accompanying issues in the security domain .
First , as India 's middle class expands , more must be done to ensure that economic growth is inclusive .
It will require leadership skills of a high order to persuade voters that in order to prevent national decline we must curb our appetite for more and more public spending .
There must be some explanation for China choosing this moment even for an unnecessary and ham-fisted row with the Vatican .
But he must also provide some real evidence that China is opening its markets as domestic consumption grows , and that it recognizes that a sustainable global recovery requires adjustments in China as well as America to redress international imbalances .
More important , China must make clear that it will support tougher sanctions on Iran -- and help to implement them -- if the Iranian regime continues to lie about its nuclear program .
But , in order to secure the status that it desires , it must demonstrate that it understands that partnership is a two-way street .
Tell my children that the EU is there to prevent us from fighting one another again , and their reply is blunt : `` Of course we are not going to fight . '' Europe 's moral purpose today is an existential question that all Europeans must consider .
They must know that this measure will have as much effect on food inflation as rain dancing has on the weather .
These questions , with all the knock-on effects in East and West Asia , must be tackled in the run-up to discussions about the renewal of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2010 .
The EU must increase the involvement of its own voters in endorsing and supporting the decisions taken in Brussels .
We must also hope that his attempts to act as a peace-broker between West Bank Palestinians and Israel are blessed with success .
But we must also limit human activities that contribute to atmospheric heating , or that exacerbate its effects .
Cleaner energy sources must be adopted , while forests and wetlands must be preserved and restored to absorb carbon dioxide , and to absorb floodwaters and filter contaminants before they reach water supplies .
As Premier Wen Jiabao recently emphasized , China must now undertake comprehensive measures to control mounting inflation , growing asset bubbles , and an overheating economy .
But China 's government must recognize that , while increased participation allows China to advance its interests , it also brings greater responsibilities .
Lomborg used the figures to argue that if catches are up , then the underlying ecosystems must be in good shape , despite all the warnings from experts .
Moreover , such reinvented fisheries will be smaller , and they will rely on fish that move out of marine reserves , the protected ocean areas that we must establish to enable marine ecosystems and the species within them to rebuild some of their past abundance , and to share it with us again .
The Bush administration is slowly recognizing that for a Pakistani leader to be an effective counterterrorism ally , he or she must have a modicum of legitimacy .
Finally , revenues should be open to public scrutiny and their efficient use , both for investment and consumption , must be ensured by institutional mechanisms that impose clear accountability on public officials .
The many decisions required to ensure success must be gotten right not just once but repeatedly , though , without such transparency , the risks of corruption and misallocation obviously are much higher .
When communism in Eastern Europe collapsed , the region 's new democratic leaders agreed that joining the European Union -- fast -- must be their priority . `` Back to Europe ! '' became the slogan , one enthusiastically backed by a majority of their populations .
China can take three measures to help Europe , but , if they are to succeed , the EU must set aside some of its long-standing suspicions about China .
If the Palestinians want to have European help -- which I support completely -- it must be ready to make peace , not to break peace .
But there are other problems in the region that Israel -- and the world -- must face .
Third , dialogue must be re-established .
The Syrian government itself has realized that it must demonstrate its willingness for dialogue by offering Israel unconditional negotiations , receiving the Iraqi and Palestinian presidents for talks in Damascus , and supporting intra-Palestinian talks .
If the EU wants to continue its state-building efforts in Palestine and contribute to a peaceful settlement , it must find ways to talk to and work with the elected government .
Avoiding contact with individual Palestinian ministers who violate these commitments may be necessary , but ostracizing the entire Palestinian administration must end .
Naturally , the US , as the most important Quartet member , must participate actively .
The EU must not , however , let US or Israeli lack of support thwart its efforts to devise a goal map that would be acceptable to all regional parties , or to push Syria onto a more constructive course by engaging it .
The robust diplomatic approach that is needed to confront the problem must include three components .
Such a policy can include additional Security Council sanctions , but it must also carry an offer of dialogue that pragmatic forces in Iran would not refuse .
But Iran must do its part to make any future dialogue with the US a success .
Iranian policymakers must , therefore , try to develop their own ideas for a negotiated resolution of the nuclear and other regional security issues , as well as to think about how Iran can rebuild trust in its actions .
This will be impossible without external support . Given the myriad links between the European Union countries and the Mediterranean 's southern rim , Europe must not miss this opportunity .
But these bodies must not be seen as substitutes for the far more comprehensive accession process , which only the EU itself can initiate .
The EU must learn from this experience to develop an accession strategy for the Western Balkans , whose development has been delayed by a complex post-conflict transition process .
Governments must shake off the delusion that full recovery is just a matter of pushing buttons .
Those of us who , at the Berlin conference and elsewhere , seek to rebuild economies for greater dynamism must do so with awareness of these economic realities .
Yet governments must also avoid pumping up businesses with over-confidence , which could tempt them to raise mark-ups and hurt sales .
Simplifying financial institutions , especially those with an implicit government backstop , must also play a role in rebuilding a dynamic economy .
For employees to develop , they must be imbedded in a stimulating workplace , with new problems to solve , harder tasks to be mastered , added abilities to strive for .
Social exclusion in industrial countries imposes costs throughout society that policymakers must address with effective and targeted measures .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
This can and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities to develop critical-thinking skills .
To get an accurate picture of extinction , we must adjust the total number of extinctions for the length of time science has known bird species .
In this twenty-first century , emerging countries like Chile must invest in the pillars of modern society .
In Eastern Europe , former communist countries applying for European Union membership must harmonize their laws with those of the EU .
Conceptually , the eurozone must include solidarity with countries facing hardship , because this is what unites and gives strength to the whole -- but without the heavy machinery of a federal budget or a permanent increase in transfers .
As a result , regulatory reform must be designed in a way that minimizes short-term costs .
Just as we have learned to distinguish between governments as shareholders and as regulators -- which must be done carefully , because the actions of one do not necessarily coincide with the interests of the other -- today we must distinguish between governments as borrowers and as financial regulators .
The IMF also reckons that the advanced countries must cut spending or increase taxes by nine percentage points of GDP on average over the current decade , in order to bring the public-debt ratio to 60 % of GDP by 2030 .
In addition to imposing demands and constraints on minorities to join the mainstream , society must be willing to demand of itself that it make room for all its citizens .
To be a professor , it seems to me , one must first have something of importance to oneself that needs affirming , and then one must affirm it .
But solutions for the country 's ills must be found within the boundaries of law and constitutionalism .
Of course , Thaksin 's legacy of corruption and of a pandering populism must be rejected , but the profound awakening of the Thai electorate that did occur , almost accidentally , during his premiership needs to be built upon , not suppressed .
And the lse majest code , which literally allows anyone to file charges against anyone else , must be reformed .
The Pheu Thai party , led by Yingluck Shinawatra , the youngest sister of exiled fugitive former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , secured a resounding triumph , winning 265 seats in the 500-member assembly , while the ruling Democrat Party mustered just 159 .
It is these twenty-first-century dynamics and changes , underpinned by an increasingly assertive citizenry , with which the Thai establishment must come to terms if the country is to move forward .
Yet before a new round of reforms is to begin , some basic principles about Russia 's political capacities must be understood .
We must recognize that and understand that it emerges not only when the public is apathetic or frightened , but also when there is no apparent stable advanced guard , such as powerful political parties , which choose the leaders and control them .
Simply put , the government must meet the people halfway .
We must jettison populist democracy and embrace what democracy has always stood for -- the engagement of all citizens in running their government .
Given the variety of matters to which they must attend , officials are likely to have a high threshold of attention below which risks are ignored .
Finally , the Bush administration must ratify the Kyoto Protocol , in order to allow both global firms and Bolivian community entrepreneurs to create yet more rainforest ranches and other creative initiatives that reduce poverty , harbor biodiversity , and cool a warming world .
Otherwise , China 's central bank must focus on keeping the exchange rate stable and does n't have a truly independent monetary policy .
China 's emergence as Asia 's dominant power , and the overall regional balance of power , are now matters that governments across the Pacific must reckon with carefully .
The US must recognize that , while the countries of the region look to the US to balance -- or at least leaven -- China 's growing influence , they are unlikely to be interested in getting caught up in any containment strategy .
If you go to YouTube and search for `` Carl Sagan -- Pale Blue Dot , '' you can see it , and hear Sagan himself telling us that we must cherish our world because everything humans have ever valued exists only on that pale blue dot .
The money that developing countries would receive for this would not be aid , but rather a recognition that the rich nations must pay for something that in the past they simply appropriated : far more than their fair share of our atmosphere 's capacity to absorb our waste gases .
The task of remedying it must begin at the meeting on climate change that will be held in Copenhagen in December .
But eventually the point will come when such things must be said .
Now that the UN inspection teams are in Iraq , and as the December 8 deadline approaches for Iraq to declare all its weapons of mass destruction and the facilities for producing them , the world must reckon with a hard question : what is to be done if Saddam Hussein does not obey the Security Council resolution on his weapons of mass destruction ?
He is weaker militarily now than then , he can not hit the US directly , and he must know that fresh aggression would bring the house down upon him .
Yet we must still ask whether a full-scale invasion is the only way , a necessary and proportionate way , to fulfil that aim .
Monetary and financial stability are two sides of the same coin and must reinforce each other , so their supervisory agencies need a similar degree of independence .
Investment , particularly in energy , flowed in , as Westen companies hoped that oil and gas deposits in neighboring Azerbaijan meant that there must be some in Georgia , too .
Finally , the monopolistic domestic energy sector must be regulated in fact , not just on paper .
Value-added tax and other indirect levies must be collected rigorously .
Peace must be made with Georgia 's three de facto semi-independent regions .
Meaning must be given to the provisions of the Georgian constitution granting these regions autonomous rights .
America once again must participate in nation building , and it can not do so on the cheap .
The `` Rose Revolution '' must not be permitted to die on the vine .
We must face the facts : our emissions of greenhouse gases probably are at least partly to blame for this summer of extremes .
The second male behavior is a patricidal imperative that is perhaps the most shameful and atavistic of the primal impulses that still lurk in some archaic part of our brains . The idea that one must somehow supplant one 's mentor , cast the previous generation out into the wilderness , and make oneself the leader of the pack seems to obsess men .
China , for example , must move more income to households and away from its firms , so that private consumption can increase .
The US must improve the education and skills of significant parts of its labor force , so that they can produce more of the high-quality knowledge and service-sector exports in which the US specializes .
Their thinking -- and the Fed 's -- follows the misguided calculus that if low rates are good for jobs , ultra-low rates must be even better .
Unfortunately , the macroeconomic changes that countries must make involve actions to which even heads of state are unable to commit .
Those who want to influence political leaders must get used to convincing their masters , the people , directly .
If it is to improve its persuasive capabilities , it must learn to become more like grassroots activists , with punchy prose , clear policy recommendations , and TV-ready talking points .
It must go directly to the public -- including political parties , nongovernmental organizations , and influential figures -- in each country , and explain its position .
The Fund must also do more to enhance its presence on the Web and in school and university classrooms , especially as students are often the most receptive to ideas about global citizenship .
It must be seen as an institution that respects each country 's sovereignty but works for the global good .
While progress towards this goal has been stymied by the mundane practicalities of restoring law and order , the coalition must eventually take it up .
A priority for any interim administration must be to restore and improve educational and healthcare institutions so that they can recover lost ground .
All this will not happen overnight . Economic institutions must be built , repaired and strengthened .
The interim administration must undertake a delicate balancing act : Iraqis will have to be prevented from choosing how they will be ruled until the economic preconditions are in place for that choice to be genuinely free .
It must rise to the challenge again .
Indeed , one benefit of the European Commission 's rule that some decisions must be unanimous is that its impedes the exercise of monopoly power , thus reducing the risk that centralized authority will be used against markets .
Unfortunately , whatever the decision -- which has been delayed perhaps until late Fall to allow Obama 's administration more time to muster support for the treaty -- the US and Russian governments will continue to place each other in the nuclear crosshairs for the foreseeable future .
An apprehensive Olmert responded , `` I must be honest with you .
Concerned that President Barack Obama will be less likely than Bush to use force to stop Iran , Israel must now contemplate its next steps should diplomacy continue to stall .
President Barack Obama 's 2010 National Security Strategy nurtures broad policy aspirations -- '' -LRB- n -RRB- ow we must position the United States to champion mutual interests among nations and peoples '' -- but falls short as a practical guide .
From Cuba and in Caracas , he makes a show of governing , and he puts the transition in context : `` The only transition here , one that we must accelerate and consolidate , is the transition to the socialist model . '' At the same time , he trivializes the leadership question , `` I said that I would leave in 2021 .
Obviously , there must be an intensification of efforts to reduce global poverty , which has become a breeding ground of resentment , envy , and despair -- hence , a ready producer of violence and suicide bombers .
The G-8 nations and the global alliance that America leads must aim not merely to defeat terrorism .
They must address all aspects of human security , including people 's well-being and safety in their homes , neighborhoods , and workplaces .
And they must win people 's allegiance by the power of their values and their ideals -- not only by isolating terrorists and extremists , but also by helping , in meaningful ways , poor countries to prosper .
Above all , those who lead us today must create a genuinely new global order in which all peoples take part -- with dignity and an assurance of fairness .
North and South Korea must begin the work of reconciliation and community-building on their own initiative , as France and Germany did in 1952 .
Economics must once again outflank politics , with trade , investment , tourism , and technology transfer intensifying across the 38th Parallel .
Over the next decade , our statesmen must replace the Pax Americana that has enforced stability in the Asia-Pacific region with a Pax Asia-Pacifica , in which the major countries and sub-regional blocs contribute to and share in the maintenance of Asia-Pacific security in the face of our common geopolitical threats . These include international terrorism , nuclear proliferation , the instability arising out of the Arab-Israel conflict and the Iraq war , and the weakness of the United Nations .
But trans-Pacific peace must be based on a balance not of power but of mutual benefit .
His death should serve as a warning to all Southeast Asian governments : we must fight Al Qaeda together , or we shall lose to them separately .
Regional leaders must now develop their own strategy to transform Asia 's many challenges into opportunities , with Obama playing the role of `` good neighbor '' who expects other peoples to help themselves and put their own houses in order before turning to the US for assistance .
To be sure , the country 's `` America '' card -- the result of the two countries ' longstanding strategic relationship -LRB- I myself was educated at West Point and fought alongside US troops in the Korean War -RRB- -- must be played carefully and not be taken for granted .
At this time of worldwide uncertainty , Asia-Pacific leaders must redouble their efforts to exploit their partnerships and strategic combinations in order to foster stability and growth .
But the liberation she brought to us was just one battle in the generational struggle the people of the Philippines must wage to secure their liberation from poverty , inequity and injustice .
But now that community must confront its greatest challenge : the rise of China . As China grows mightier economically and politically , how can long-term stability in the Asia-Pacific be ensured ?
Just as the nations of Western Europe exploited the Cold War stalemate to build the European Union , Asia must exploit the common interests that the United States , Japan , China , India , South Korea , Russia , Australia , New Zealand , and all the Southeast Asian countries have in securing a peaceful and stable Asia-Pacific .
Somehow , too , Asia 's leaders must manage the pace of globalization .
Clearly , Pax Asia-Pacifica must be built on an unswerving commitment to peace among APEC 's most powerful countries -- the US , China , and Japan .
Japan , too , must play an active role in security and peace-keeping .
In the interest of regional peace , both major powers must stop letting historical resentments obstruct a more harmonious and prosperous future for the Asia-Pacific region .
European nations recognized this a half-century ago , and Asia 's countries must make that same , self-restricting choice now .
Whatever our shared endeavors , Asians must take care that they are undertaken through shared responsibilities , shared burdens , shared values , and shared benefits .
Asia 's governments must also begin to adhere to a far more expansive idea of open regionalism , which means that countries like India should have a voice in Asia\/Pacific affairs , and they must respect the Asian interests of countries beyond the region .
The UN Convention on the Law of the Sea -LRB- UNCLOS -RRB- and associated international commitments must become the basis for productive dialogues leading to binding covenants .
No , but must they ?
But all involved -- both candidate countries and current member states -- must show the necessary flexibility in the final round of negotiations .
It must first fulfill the clear political criteria defined by the EU in Copenhagen ten years ago .
We must find a balanced answer reflecting both the present situation and the potential for development in Turkey .
The new Treaty must fulfil two basic demands :
it must respect the central role of member states and it must maintain the balance between larger and smaller members ;
the institutional structure must be efficient , democratic , and transparent .
We must find a solution that realizes the full potential of all three actors .
At the same time , we must ensure that the Commission can work effectively with 25 or more members .
Strengthening the Commission must go hand in hand with strengthening the Council . It is not a zero-sum game .
But whether we continue with the current format for the Presidency or introduce a team model , we must consider how the President of the European Council can play a role in coordinating work within the Council .
He or she must of course be given the necessary means to perform this task .
At the same time we must avoid creating a presidential system that functions independently of the Council , the Commission , and the member states .
So , if there is a debt problem , as in the US mortgage crisis , one must also look at private funds ' role in creating it .
Simply put , the international community must take advantage of the current recovery to broaden efforts to ensure financial and economic stability , and help those countries with limited prospects .
A lesson of the 1990 's is that vulnerabilities must be dealt with before they become crises .
The US must move to reduce its budget deficit in the medium-term .
Emerging market countries elsewhere have made considerable reform progress of late , but they must sustain the momentum to guard against potential shocks .
Governments and institutions like the IMF must keep this in mind as they seek to ensure a durable economic recovery that will benefit all of the world 's people .
This year , the international community must move decisively from pledges to action in the effort to reduce poverty .
While there has been progress on implementing debt-relief measures , the international community must follow through on the other part of its pledge , by delivering increased aid and promoting its better use .
If they are to be met , donors must also deliver on their commitments for significant increases in aid .
Donors must provide the help that developing countries urgently need .
At the same time , we must ensure that low-income countries use debt relief and aid efficiently .
We must not forget that the multilateral trading system -- along with the Bretton Woods institutions -- was originally created to avoid a repeat of the protectionism and competitive devaluations of the 1930 's that plunged the world into depression .
Key countries must find the political will to confront defensive interests and negotiate with flexibility to reach a market-opening deal .
In other words , the Fund must ensure that it deals with every country the same way , including delivering clear and sometimes difficult policy messages and sharing its views with the international community .
It is equally important , however , to understand the variety in outcomes for the poor , so as to understand better what else must be done to assure more growth that directly benefits them .
Mankind must also confront other global `` threats without enemies '' that are separate from -LRB- though linked with -RRB- climate change .
So the lesson is that we must allow equity holders to lose money sometimes in order to maintain a healthy financial system .
We must also find a way to support the system as a whole .
To obtain a patent , an applicant must demonstrate that an invention meets three criteria : newness , non-obviousness -LRB- that there is an inventive step -RRB- , and utility -LRB- the invention does what it claims to do -RRB- .
In March , he wrote that `` the Organization -LRB- must -RRB- take the cause of human rights as seriously as those of security and development . ''
While the jury is out on whether there has really been such a seamless transition of global economic leadership , Asia must face up to the critical challenges that may come with this new role .
Little wonder that families save out of fear of the future . China 's new Plan must rectify this shortfall immediately .
Heavily dependent on Western markets , Asia must seek support from a new source of demand .
What is needed now are leadership , resources , a greater sense of urgency , and commitment to the long-term efforts that must dedicated to ensuring that the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration are not only recognized universally , but respected as well .
Political representation must be pluralistic .
So , by that point , France 's four main political parties , two on the left and two on the right , must prepare their party manifestoes and choose candidates .
One also must avoid the fragmentation that doomed the left in 2002 , when none of its six candidates qualified for the second round , leaving Jacques Chirac , who had received 19 % of the vote in the first round -- a record low for a final winner - -- to defeat Jean-Marie Le Pen in the runoff with 82 % of the vote .
What is also clear , even if it is not as well recognized , is that this battle will be primarily intellectual in nature : legitimacy must be given back to the notion of having certain ground rules and public regulatory bodies .
Three tasks must now be addressed .
But for democracy to continue its march of ethical progress , reasons of state must be submitted to greater public accountability and justification .
We must take full account of predicates , conditionals , and contingencies in order to specify more completely which countries should adopt what policies .
The key lesson of the last half-century is that policymakers must be strategic , rather than comprehensive .
They must seek sequential , cumulative change rather than a single , all-inclusive breakthrough .
Rather than offering facile answers such as `` just let markets work '' or `` just get governance right , '' it rightly emphasizes that each country must devise its own mix of remedies .
If there is a new Washington consensus , it is that the rulebook must be written at home , not in Washington .
The International Monetary Fund and the G7 countries ' central banks must act as global lenders of last resort and provide ample liquidity -- quickly and with few strings attached -- to support emerging markets ' currencies .
Moreover , China , which holds nearly $ 2 trillion in foreign reserves , must be part of this rescue mission .
At other times , it will mean preventing markets from expanding beyond the reach of institutions that must remain national .
This breeds arrogance and a sense of smug superiority over their counterparts -- policymakers who must balance multiple , complicated agendas .
United States Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's term ends in January , and President Barack Obama must decide before then : either re-appoint Bernanke or go with someone else -- the names most often mentioned are Larry Summers and Janet Yellen -- with more solid Democratic credentials .
Monetary policy is hardly a science , so a good central banker must be humble .
He must appreciate the limits of his understanding and of the efficacy of the tools at his disposal .
But the relative docility of rank-and-file workers on trade issues must ultimately be attributed to something else altogether : the safety nets erected by the welfare state .
If the world has not fallen off the protectionist precipice during the crisis , as it did during the 1930 's , much of the credit must go the social programs that conservatives and market fundamentalists would like to see scrapped .
In addition , China must live with restrictions on its industrial policies that none of these other countries , in pre-WTO days , had to abide by .
The rule would have to be : if you want to serve my market , you must play by my rules .
To guard against abuse and capture , industrial policy needs be carried out in a transparent and accountable manner , and its processes must be open to new entrants as well as incumbents .
If we push for globalization while retaining the nation-state , we must jettison democracy .
And if we want democracy along with globalization , we must shove the nation-state aside and strive for greater international governance .
The ECB has lowered the threshold of creditworthiness that Greek government securities must meet in order to allow continued Greek borrowing .
It shows how much European institutions must still evolve to underpin a healthy single market .
It must pledge to boost domestic expenditures , reduce its external surplus , and accept an increase in the ECB 's inflation target .
So , if market confidence has a meaning , it must be something that is not pinned down simply by economic fundamentals .
Erdo?an is right , but it is he who must pass the test .
The exam that the government must sit is to use its new powers to appoint widely-respected , impartial members -- rather than divisive satraps -- to these bodies .
Ireland and the southern European countries must reduce their debt burden and sharply enhance their economies ' competitiveness .
If Tunisia 's Zine El Abidine Ben Ali or Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak were hoping for political popularity as a reward for economic gains , they must have been sorely disappointed .
Of course , mining can not absorb so many workers , so the rest of the Malawian labor force must seek jobs in considerably less productive parts of the economy .
Stronger countries in the eurozone must allow these spreads to narrow by guaranteeing the new debts of countries from Greece to Italy , through the issuance of Eurobonds , for example .
In return , the highly indebted countries must commit to multi-year programs to restructure fiscal institutions and enhance competitiveness -- reforms that can be implemented and bear fruit only over the medium term .
The gains from liberalization must be set against the losses that resulted from idling processing plants .
So , in Britain , Japan , and the US , something more foundational must have been in place before financial markets started operating .
Something else must affect which countries are most likely to get strong finance , which wo n't , and when it all happens .
If a shareholder dislikes , say , how GM 's directors are running the company -LRB- and , in the 1980 's and 1990 's , they were running it into the ground -RRB- , she is free to nominate new directors , but she must pay their hefty elections costs , and should expect that no one , particularly not GM , will ever reimburse her .
Americans today know what must be done : some combination of entitlement cuts and tax increases .
True , countries that have not cleaned up their fiscal act , such as India , must not recklessly plunge ahead with big government projects without counterbalancing reforms to ensure sustainability .
So for now , the world must hope that Americans continue gorging on foreign imports .
But did it ever occur to anybody how hard Americans must work to make everyone else look good ?
In order for the US economy to run deficits with the world , other countries must be willing to spin off a counterbalancing supply of savings .
This is why central bankers must think about the information embedded in asset prices .
So far , the strategy of maintaining banking systems on feeding tubes of taxpayer-guaranteed short-term credit has made sense . But eventually central banks must pull the plug . Otherwise they will end up in intensive care themselves as credit losses overwhelm their balance sheets .
Weak banks must be allowed to fail or merge -LRB- with ordinary depositors being paid off by government insurance funds -RRB- , so that strong banks can emerge with renewed vigor .
Today 's financial firm equity and bond holders must bear the main cost , or there is little hope they will behave more responsibly in the future .
Certainly , the government must also find better ways to help homeowners and their lenders work out efficient bankruptcy proceedings .
At the same time , the prospect of higher US inflation and massively higher US public debt levels must eventually weigh on the dollar , as does the still worrisome US trade deficit .
Steps must also be taken to recapitalize and re-regulate the financial system .
Still , it must be noted that negative output growth for more than two years is a relatively rare event , even in the aftermath of severe banking crises .
Even once-invulnerable China must contemplate a halving of its growth rate .
Even critics of past US profligacy must admit that the Geithner proposal contains some good ideas .
Having reached the epiphany that financial restructuring must be avoided at all costs , the governments of the world have in turn cast a huge safety net over banks -LRB- and whole countries in Eastern Europe -RRB- , woven from taxpayer dollars .
Of course , the US government claims to want to rein in borrowing . But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
Any real change in the near term must come from China , which increasingly has the most to lose from a dollar debacle .
But here 's the rub : financial regulation is enormously complicated , all the more so given that there must be some degree of international consistency .
The government must avoid relying too much on proposals for tax increases , which ultimately feed back on growth and sustainability .
In selling massive stimulus packages and bank bailouts , Western leaders told their people , `` We must do this or we will end up like Japan , mired in recession and deflation for a decade or more . ''
But , while regulation must address the oversized bank balance sheets that were at the root of the crisis , the IMF is right not to focus excessively on fixing the `` too big to fail '' problem .
Any robust solution must be reasonably simple to understand and implement .
The advanced countries , which can best afford to restrain long-term growth , must lead by example .
The balance of technology , complexity , and regulation is without doubt one of the greatest challenges that the world must face in twenty-first century .
If change is inevitable , we must make our economies more flexible and prepare to live with the consequences .
Of course , there must be better -LRB- far better -RRB- and stricter regulation of offshore and out-of-bounds energy extraction , and severe penalties for mistakes .
But , because productivity ultimately must be built on innovation , not just on ever more buildings and equipment , it was inevitable that returns on investment would turn south at some point .
In the end , policymakers must remember that whether or not the US and Europe avoid a lost decade depends on their ability to retain productive vitality in their economies , not simply on short-term demand-stimulation measures .
Still , even if other world leaders conclude that they can not support numerical targets , they must recognize the pain that the US is suffering in the name of free trade .
Somehow , they must find ways to help the US expand its exports .
Their leaders must do more to tackle entrenched domestic interests and encourage foreign competition .
After all , bailouts from the EU and the IMF are only a temporizing measure : even sweetheart loans , after all , eventually must be repaid .
Germany must worry not only about its own vulnerable citizens , but also about how to find the resources to bail out its southern neighbors in Europe .
Governments -- and corporations -- must find better ways to provide equal opportunity through improved education , broader financial markets , and other channels .
In unwinding QE , Bernanke must avoid another landmine , namely an unwelcome collapse in asset prices .
Indeed , there is already reason enough for them to be nervous : after all , the Fed 's epic easing of financial conditions must eventually be followed by exceptionally painful tightening .
The Fed must always remember that no matter how calm and rational its analysis may be , it is dealing with markets that can be anything but calm and rational .
The same is true with respect to the President 's assertion that Israel 's permanent presence in Palestinian territories and the non-return of Palestinian refugees to their homes in Israel must be accepted as realities on the ground .
Bush must be willing to accept Europeans as genuine partners and stop treating them like recalcitrant vassals .
European leaders must overcome any latent Anti-Americanism and be prepared to make the kind of contributions to common endeavors that would entitle them to equal partnership with the US .
Chvez and his partisans must now learn what it is like to rule within limits .
A eurozone candidate 's inflation must not be more than 1.5 percentage points above the average of the three best performing EU states for one year .
But equality requires that any new accession criterion must be based on the fiscal rules that actually operate within the eurozone .
In other words , NATO 's strategy towards Russia must be guided by a spirit of inclusiveness .
Russia must make a choice .
In weighing that choice , Russia must not cling to Cold War rhetoric .
Russia and NATO must jointly develop a new security agenda and a more cooperative methodology based on common working groups and joint papers .
That means that we must think about how to broaden the application of our commitments to reciprocal transparency to all military forces in Europe -- including conventional and nuclear forces and missile-defense installations .
We must also redefine common threats , while strengthening the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe 's mechanisms for preventing , managing , and resolving conflicts .
And the common security agenda of confidence-building and transparency must be based on the indivisibility of security in Europe and the transatlantic area as a whole , including respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity -- not just for alliance members , but for all countries that belong to the broader transatlantic security community .
Nevertheless , in the short run , very aggressive monetary and fiscal policy actions -- both traditional and non-traditional -- must be undertaken to ensure that the inevitable stag-deflation of 2009 does not persist into 2010 and beyond .
And , while higher-income and wealthier households have a buffer of savings to smooth consumption and avoid having to increase savings , most lower-income households must save more , as banks and other lenders cut back on home-equity loans and lower limits on credit cards .
But it must rise further , to 8 % , in order to reduce the high leverage of household sector .
But most state and local governments that have experienced a collapse in tax revenues must sharply retrench spending by firing policemen , teachers , and firefighters while also cutting welfare benefits and social services for the poor .
Unsustainable private-debt problems must be resolved by defaults , debt reductions , and conversion of debt into equity .
First , compensation schemes must be radically altered through regulation , as banks will not do it themselves for fear of losing talented people to competitors .
In particular , bonuses based on medium-term results of risky trades and investments must supplant bonuses based on short-term outcomes .
Third , financial markets and financial firms have become a nexus of conflicts of interest that must be unwound .
All are playing a game that some must lose .
Over-spending countries -- such as the United States and other `` Anglo-Saxon '' economies -- that were over-leveraged and running current-account deficits now must save more and spend less on domestic demand .
A world where over-spending countries need to reduce domestic demand and boost net exports , while over-saving countries are unwilling to reduce their reliance on export-led growth , is a world where currency tensions must inevitably come to a boil .
The trouble , of course , is that not all currencies can be weak at the same time : if one is weaker , another must , by definition , be stronger .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
Thus , in addition to an orderly resolution regime for banks , Europe must also implement early orderly restructurings of distressed sovereigns ' public debt .
To restore growth , these countries must also regain competitiveness by achieving a real depreciation of their currency , thus turning trade deficits into surpluses .
The creditors and bondholders who lent the money in the first place must carry their share of the burden , for the sake of the PIIGS , the EU , and their own bottom lines .
In the meantime , the ECB must continue to provide unlimited resources to banks under liquidity stress .
First , we must accept that austerity measures , necessary to avoid a fiscal train wreck , have recessionary effects on output .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
? a temporary blanket guarantee of all deposits while insolvent financial institutions that must be shut down are distinguished from distressed but solvent institutions that must be partially nationalized and given injections of public capital ;
Now they must finish the job .
To answer these questions , we must understand that a vicious circle of economic contraction and worsening financial conditions is underway .
Independent supervision of the referendum must be agreed upon soon .
The opposition must also contend with recent experience in Haiti .
Perverse subsidies must be removed and recent new ones favoring products such as bio-fuels reconsidered .
Competition must be encouraged , as more rural entrepreneurship will strengthen the farming community , with fewer farmers but better farms .
That is a real enough danger to which policymakers must give serious thought as they reform the CAP on the basis of the following five pillars .
But this latest intervention exemplifies the doctrine that he set out in his Nobel acceptance speech in 2009 . `` Those regimes that break the rules must be held accountable , '' and so should their leaders , who are `` sworn to protect and defend . ''
Force might well be necessary to implement the doctrine , because `` the world must remember that it was not simply international institutions that brought stability to a post-World War II world . ''
Accordingly , foreign forces must protect the population from a monster , because Uganda says that it lacks the capacity to do so itself .
Civilians may not be targeted ; the principle of proportionality requires the avoidance of excessive force in pursuing a legitimate military objective ; and prisoners must be treated humanely .
The underlying cause of conflict is not that Hezbollah or Hamas have grievances against Israel so much as that they view Jews as prophet-murdering , devil-aiding , imperialistic sub-humans whose state must be wiped off the map .
At last , the world must recognize that the hopes stirred by the 1990 's peace process have been completely dashed .
However , this does not necessarily mean that Turkey will become an Islamic , must less an Islamist , country .
Now , in the post-Arafat era , Palestinians must choose one of several strategies .
Besides battling these more powerful Arab nationalists and Islamists , Arab liberals must deal with a wide range of issues , including the modernization or moderation of Islam , relations with the United States , the Arab-Israeli conflict , and women 's rights .
In each case , they must decide whether to confront or endorse the sacred cows of nationalist and Islamist ideology .
In Afghanistan , the United States and NATO must make clear that they are at war with al-Qaeda and those who support its global objectives , but have no objection if either the Afghan or Pakistani government negotiates with insurgents who renounce ties to Osama bin Laden .
This is why Obama must adopt a bold diplomatic initiative that encompasses the entire region and help resolve longstanding disputes between Afghanistan 's neighbors . Such an initiative must include a comprehensive regional aid and development package .
In addition , the US must rebalance its regional posture by reducing its dependence on Pakistan 's military .
First , FX is all about relative prices -- if the dollar appreciates some other currency must depreciate .
Investment strategies such as this must be entered into with caution : simply assuming that a past correlation will persist is never a good idea .
Free governments must make communications planning a central component of every aspect of this struggle .
Still , government must develop the institutional capability to anticipate and act within the same news cycle .
If Europe 's social market model is to survive enlargement , it must find a way to expand eastward with the EU .
If the newcomers are to embrace the social market model , that model must operate throughout the EU and offer to them what it offered new EU members in the past .
The eye , for example , is like a telescope . Since telescopes have telescope makers , the eye must have an eye maker -- the Great Optician in the Sky .
Globalization as a world-encompassing process is largely beyond the determination of national politics , and societies and nations must adapt .
Conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual -- with his or her wealth of talents and abilities , interests and ambitions -- to the center .
Yet this must not mean that modern Conservatism ends up surrendering its central belief that man is not absolute .
These core principles -- humility , liberty , and self-help -- must continue to guide Conservatives , because they were not molded by Conservatism 's ideologically `` sharp contours . ''
Everyone working in these countries -- whether in the private or public sector -- must now place the fight against HIV\/AIDS front and center .
Governments must change their ways .
Much of what must be done entails not the rebuilding of atrophied or destroyed institutions , but rather the establishment of institutions that never existed .
New medical schools , clinics , communications lines , and training centers for medical personnel and counselors must be built .
Presidents must pressure their planning , education , and finance ministers to work with the health ministry and other key stakeholders to create a national plan that focuses the government 's energies .
They must hold their public health leaders accountable for their actions and demand results .
In Colombia , the routine is simple : journalists who subsist on income derived from selling advertising space to government agencies call officials in the morning to get their story ; later , when they must attempt to sell the same officials advertising , they find out the real cost of independent news coverage .
New Orleans is a city mostly below sea level , and must be protected by levees to keep water out .
On a crowded planet with threats to our climate , oceans , forests , food production , and water supply , and with global travel and high population densities increasing the risk of worldwide disease epidemics , we must turn to the best of our scientific and engineering knowledge to find a safe passage .
These gaps between politicians and scientists , and among scientists themselves , must be closed if we are to overcome the risks that we face .
As such , it must be reliable , predictable , and directed towards development needs in ways that can be monitored , measured , and evaluated .
Every state in the region must embrace compromise and mutual respect as the basis of a lasting settlement .
First , energy strategy must satisfy three objectives : low cost , diverse supply , and drastically reduced carbon dioxide emissions .
The process will take decades , but we must start now and act on a global basis , using carbon taxes and emission permits to create market-based incentives for companies and individuals to make the necessary changes .
Nor did huge energy users like China and India , which must be part of any meaningful solution , face serious responsibilities under the Kyoto agreement .
We kill other species not because we must , but because we are too negligent to do otherwise .
It must be committed in clear terms over a period of several years , so that recipients can use it in a sensible and accountable manner .
And G-8 citizens must hold their governments accountable for what they have pledged but not delivered .
The Wolfowitz debacle should be a wake-up call to the World Bank : it must no longer be controlled by ideology .
If we are to reduce the risk of war , we must help impoverished people everywhere , not only in Darfur , to meet their basic needs , protect their natural environments , and get onto the ladder of economic development .
Finally , we must revamp national governments so that they have processes and capabilities similar to the IPCC .
Global processes like the IPCC are crucial , but the issues must also be `` brought home '' to the conditions and challenges facing each country .
First , we must stabilize greenhouse gases in order to avoid dangerous human interference in the climate system -- the key goal of the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , the global treaty under which the Bali negotiations took place .
Second , we must accomplish this while leaving room for continued rapid economic development and poverty reduction .
Third , we must help countries adapt to the climate change that is already occurring and that will intensify in the future .
To reach agreement by 2009 , we must move beyond current generalities by which rich and poor countries argue about who should be blamed for climate change and who should pay the costs .
We must ensure that all countries adopt a verifiable strategy for environmentally sound technology , and that rich countries fulfill the Bali Action Plan 's promise to provide `` financial and other incentives '' to enable poor countries to adopt the new technologies .
Yet , given the enormous global pressures that we face , including vastly unequal incomes and massive environmental damage , we must find new technological solutions to our problems .
Climate change , for example , poses dire threats to the planet that must be assessed according to prevailing scientific norms and the evolving capacity of climate science .
The US must return to the global consensus based on shared science rather than anti-intellectualism .
But , whatever the pain felt in the deregulated Anglo-Saxon-style economies , none of this must inevitably cause a global calamity .
Each should understand the basic directions of change that will be required at the national level and globally , and all nations must share in the deployment of new sustainable technologies and in the co-financing of global responsibilities , such as increased investments in African infrastructure .
Typically , the public sector must enter into contractual agreements with private firms not only to build the infrastructure , but also to operate it as a regulated monopoly or on a concession basis .
Obama must act before today 's crisis explodes into an even larger disaster .
But China must consider the question from the vantage point of a coal-dependent economy .
Assuming that a plan passes muster , the money to support it would quickly be disbursed .
To overcome a filibuster , the proposal 's supporters must muster 60 of 100 votes , rather than a simple majority .
The US must leave Iraq and Afghanistan , thereby saving $ 150 billion per year for other purposes and reducing the tensions caused by military occupation .
To avoid further polarization and paralysis of American politics , Obama must do more to ensure that Americans understand better the urgency of the changes that he promised .
The first stage in an effective response , the first three or four weeks , must focus on rescuing survivors and stabilizing supplies of food , water , medical services , and shelter for the population .
Haiti must avoid a prolonged period of tent cities in which people are mere refugees .
This time , it must be done right .
Bhutan is asking itself the question that everyone must ask : how can economic modernization be combined with cultural robustness and social well-being ?
One must hope that the quest for GNH will help steer the country away from such temptations .
It must be cut , but how ?
On the one hand , the US government must invest more to promote economic competitiveness .
Yet there is another side to the global growth story that we must understand clearly .
As a result , low-skilled workers in Egypt , the US , and other countries must either raise their productivity enough to compete at a decent wage , or accept extremely low pay or outright unemployment .
While the private sector must create most of the jobs , the public sector must create the underlying conditions for high productivity . That is a tall order .
If democracy is to take hold and flourish in Egypt , Tunisia , and elsewhere in the Arab world , the new reform-minded governments must make the youth unemployment crisis their highest priority .
And they must work together to deepen regional trade integration , thereby creating a much larger market .
Each region , increasingly , must find its own path to economic development , energy and food security , and effective infrastructure , and must do so in a world threatened by climate change and resource scarcity .
For the sake of its own national interests , Israel must come to terms with its neighbors .
Under the UN Charter , all five must endorse the election of every Secretary-General .
I do n't know whether Obama 's leadership might have found those votes , but I do know that the US has not mustered the national effort to respond effectively to the Horn of Africa 's needs .
Fifth , to promote happiness , we must identify the many factors other than GNP that can raise or lower society 's well-being .
Thus drug companies must keep plowing their earnings back into research and development .
- drug companies -- whether patent holders or generic drug producers -- must provide drugs to poor countries at prices near to production costs ;
- drug prices in rich countries must remain higher through patent protection to preserve incentives for innovation ;
- rich and poor markets must be separated , so that cheap drugs from poor countries are not smuggled into rich countries -LRB- or are not allowed in legally through parallel-market imports -RRB- ;
- governments in rich countries must provide substantial assistance to poor countries , so that the poor -- who are too poor to afford these drugs even at reduced prices -- can make use of them .
The key economic responses to September 11 must therefore bolster the framework of globalization , recommitting governments worldwide to its success by making it work for all nations , including the poorest .
Finding and destroying terrorists ' capacity to commit these inhuman outrages is essential , still , military actions -- especially those bringing death and destruction to innocent civilians -- must remain a last , not first resort .
Leading central banks must ensure ample liquidity , as they have been doing .
Rich countries must provide roughly $ 20 per person to close the gap . Instead they provide just $ 2 per person and nevertheless believe that they are meeting the needs of the poor .
Universities must be excellent , government laboratories should be world class , and government and industry should be investing heavily in research and development .
As a result , the IMF must increasingly share responsibility and blame for Argentina 's havoc .
The costs of war must be balanced against the costs of alternative actions .
We must also recognize that a war with Iraq , even a limited war , could profoundly disrupt the international flow of goods , services , and investments upon which our global economy now rests .
Rich countries must help finance these projects .
Now the European Union must make that point more forcefully by demonstrating its good faith in rising to the historic challenge of negotiating Turkey 's membership in the EU .
A strong international peacekeeping force , agreed by the UN , and perhaps led by the US or NATO , must be placed between the warring sides , and must be prepared to suffer losses to terrorists in the service of peace .
Many American voices are already saying that , whether or not the war in Iraq was a good idea , the US -LRB- and the UN -RRB- must now stay , to preserve national honor and to show that the US will not be scared away by terrorism .
Its transport costs are among the highest in the world , reflecting mountainous terrain and international trade routes that must cross political boundaries and depend on foreign ports .
If the US really wants to undercut terrorism , it must recognize the interconnectedness of extremism , poverty , and environmental degradation , and it will need to understand the struggles for survival that are underway among the poor everywhere .
Macroeconomic stability must be consolidated , with budget deficits brought decisively under control .
The political consensus in favor of universal education , outward-oriented trade , health for all , and a science-and-technology oriented economy must be strengthened .
Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management , especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region , if it wants long-term , sustainable economic development .
But the basic message is clear : current energy patterns are risky and must change .
Others declare that we must kick the fossil fuel habit and make a mad dash for renewable energy sources such as solar or wind power .
Second , as these other fossil fuels take up the slack when oil production reaches a plateau or starts to decline , the effects of fossil fuels on the climate must be brought under control .
Setting goals was the easy part . When they return next fall , world leaders must decide on how to achieve them .
The richest countries - the US , Germany , and Japan - must join this vital initiative . Building a more peaceful and prosperous world is in everyone 's best interest .
Poor countries can not afford these investments on their own , so rich countries must help .
One course of action must be to help impoverished African regions to `` adapt '' to climate change and to escape the poverty trap .
In addition to adapting to climate change , the world must also reduce future risks to the planet by cutting back on emissions of greenhouse gases , which are the source of man-made climate change .
The effort to reduce greenhouse gases will require decades of action , but , given the long lead times in overhauling the world 's energy systems , we must start now .
Leaders of major US companies have decided that global man-made climate change is real , must be controlled , and that business must play a constructive part in the process .
We must move to a sustainable energy system , one that does not mean a huge increase of carbon in the atmosphere .
The solutions will not be easy , and the effort must last over many decades in all parts of the world .
Either way , the conservatives must weigh their strategy carefully .
Conservatives , no less than reformers , must come to terms with this reality .
This is not to suggest than an Islamist awakening in Pakistan is on the horizon , or that Pakistanis must choose between an unpopular autocrat or a Taliban-style government .
If the Green Movement is to mount a serious challenge to the government it must incorporate support from bazaar merchants , workers in major industries , transportation unions , and government workers .
Public policy concerning mental illness must , therefore , consider carefully the potential for imposing unjustified social and political values on people in the guise of the classification of disease .
Societies also often provide ways to encourage , even compel , a mentally ill person into treatment , while recognizing that , because psychiatry can potentially invade and overwhelm personal beliefs and values , mental health practices must be regulated in order to preserve civil liberties .
The politics of psychiatry are inescapable , which is why all societies must consider them with the greatest of seriousness .
Now a new government must be formed and a new constitution written .
In terms of drawing up a new constitution , the Lebanese principle of government by power sharing must be a central pillar .
Some in the kingdom argue that Saudi Arabia must confront Iran , stand up for Sunni Arab interests , and become a hands-on regional power .
Leaders in Tehran , Riyadh , Washington , and other key capitals must realize the costs of further mismanagement , step back from the brink , and work toward cooperative solutions before it is too late .
On matters of national sovereignty , the new government must continue to build up the national army and police forces , negotiate with Hezbollah over the integration of its militia into the state security structure , and push for regional peace , which would strongly benefit Lebanon .
With regard to economic and social policy , the government must manage the national debt while encouraging investment and employment and strengthening public education and health programs .
The government must also move forward on further electoral reform , expand administrative decentralization , hold local elections in 2010 , and come up with a credible program to combat rampant corruption .
Today , a photo of Che 's image displayed on the faade of Cuba 's Interior Ministry is a must-have for tourists .
Chaos and violence in Iraq has strengthened the notion that insurgencies can not be defeated and so must be appeased .
But the fundamental problem remains Europe 's vulnerability over energy : an emerging divide and rule strategy over the supply of gas that must be confronted head on .
Today 's preference by individual EU members to act unilaterally on energy must be replaced by a common energy policy based on solidarity among member states and unity in defending EU interests vis--vis external partners .
Specifically , the EU must develop a diplomatic strategy aimed at strengthening cooperation with all major energy producing , transit , and consumer countries , while creating within the Union a mutually beneficial , open , transparent , and stable energy sector based on reciprocity .
The EU must become more active , more determined and united in securing its energy interests and those of its member states .
Concrete provisions must be included in the new treaty to reform the EU 's institutions in order to ensure the capacity to negotiate an energy security framework with third countries .
A fundamental part of this must be serious consultation among member states on strategic decisions that may affect an EU partner .
The existing Energy Charter Treaty -- including the Transit Protocol -- must remain a cornerstone of Europe 's energy security policy .
The EU must continue to insist that Russia ratify it , stipulating that Russia is already bound by its terms .
In the interests of our common security , we must not forsake that legacy .
In the wake of the repeated Russia-Ukraine dispute , indeed , Europe must react with the same decisiveness to diversify its energy supplies that it demonstrated in the 1970 's in meeting OPEC 's challenge .
Another important internal aspect of an EU energy security policy must be a binding pan-European common energy policy that better coordinates national government infrastructure and distribution projects .
Energy security in Europe ultimately depends on recognizing that , due to the linked natures of our energy supply and transmission systems , the EU and our neighbors must depend on each other .
True , more countries must develop efficient systems for posthumous donation , a very important source of organs .
Developing countries that trade intensively with advanced economies must adopt their relative prices and allocate their resources accordingly .
Failing that , Paris III will represent a sidestepping of the key political issues that must be addressed , and thus merely stock up trouble for the future .
As we open ourselves to the wind 's of globalization , we must also strengthen the local institutions that foster social ties and identity , such as the family , local and regional communities , religious communities , and the tradition of voluntary worker solidarity - all which have been neglected in recent years .
But it is not possible to convert territorial forces into expeditionary forces overnight , and the costs of transformation often must compete with the costs of deploying forces for operations .
If it is to be achieved , US officials must restrain themselves from exacerbating old fears by viewing China as a threat .
China must be both encouraged and allowed to play by the global rules , even when the symbolism of its progress may be painful to endure .
But , just as Bank of America 's current $ 2.5 billion bid for a stake in the China Construction Bank raises no objections among US politicians , China , too must be permitted to invest abroad freely .
To paraphrase an old adage , what is fare for the US goose must be fare for the Chinese gander , even if the goose believes that the gander is becoming a little uppity .
But , to become a truly `` great nation , '' China must make two great leaps .
First , it must become more comfortable playing an active and constructive international role .
To fully address the question of the moral and ethical base of a new form of Chinese governance , China 's government and its people must be able to look back freely and come to terms with their recent history : the Great Leap Forward , the Cultural Revolution , the events of 1989 , Tibet , and other sensitive issues .
They must also freely be able to discuss the future and what kind of society they wish to see rise from the ashes of Mao 's revolution .
But , having completed such an important step forward , China must now find new , more humanistic ways to continue to re-invent itself .
Anyone who has visited China 's large cities over the past few years must be impressed by the energy , pace , and scale of development .
China must create some 12-15 million new jobs annually just to keep up with population growth ;
The government must deal with an estimated 270 million unemployed or underemployed people ;
State banks must provide 98 % of all financing for local companies .
China must declare , loudly and clearly , that greater democracy , not mutant Leninism , is its ultimate political goal , and that as this evolutionary process takes place and the political climate becomes more congenial , they look forward to discussing how to better weave a political , as well as an economic , fabric with Taiwan .
Its leaders must understand that , even though `` independence '' may sometimes seem like a logical scenario , Taiwan is a small , vulnerable island , and China an emerging superpower .
China must take to heart its newfound dynamism and strength , and write a new scenario for its relations with Taiwan that emphasizes persuasion instead of missiles .
`` Our Party must address the mistakes it has made , '' he concluded unambiguously .
Ban invariably nods his head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance . Others say he has yet to prove he is a good manager and must push harder for internal management reforms at the UN .
Because all 27 states must ratify the Treaty , it therefore seems obvious that it can not enter into force in its current form , and that the `` yes '' countries can not push ahead with it unchanged .
So we must try to reconcile the `` yes '' and `` no '' countries if we are to overcome the crisis into which Europe has been plunged .
But to achieve these results , and thereby convince our citizens of the EU 's value , Europe 's decision-making capacity must be strengthened and democratized .
It must be an integrated economic , political , and social force .
In order to realize the full potential of the common market , the EU must adapt its economic governance to the challenges of globalization -- research , technological development , and knowledge must be at the heart of the European economy , particularly given Europe 's efforts to be at the forefront of combating climate change .
These rules must eventually be restored intact if Europe is to return to the path of sustainable growth , and a consensus will need to be forged now to make that happen .
A new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement -LRB- PCA -RRB- between the EU and the Russian Federation must be negotiated . Those negotiations should have begun seriously last year , but the war in Georgia intervened to put them on hold .
To be viable , such an agreement must recognize the legitimate need for some regulation .
To remain relevant , the Bretton Woods institutions must fully adapt to the needs of the world 's rapidly emerging countries , and they can begin that process at this spring 's IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington .
The international community must resist shortsighted calls to withdraw from middle-income nations on the ground that they could now `` go it alone . ''
The Bank must be open to local invention if it is to be accepted by and relevant to middle-income nations .
Development agencies and environmentalists must thus urgently work toward the convergence of development and conservation priorities .
If we accept the logic behind the more pragmatic and ambitious philosophy of international aid that underpins the United Nations ' `` Millennium Declaration , '' we must quickly adapt our instruments to ensure more sustainable and predictable modes of financing .
Finally , we must find ways to nurture stronger and more vigorous economic growth , a prerequisite to solid investment in social sectors .
It must accept the idea of a long-term international redistribution policy to assist those who are excluded from the benefits of globalization , and give itself the means to implement this ambitious policy .
In Europe since May 2004 , all clinical trials in the 25 nations of the EU must conform to the European Directive -LRB- ED -RRB- issued in 2001 at the behest of pharmaceutical industry .
This lesson is lost on the Bush administration , which senselessly alienated Iran in 2002 , when moderates had the upper hand there and were cooperating in Afghanistan , and reversed decades of US policy by insisting that any Middle East settlement must accept changed `` realities on the ground '' in the West Bank .
To build a containment regime against terrorism emanating from the Middle East , a date for America 's departure from Iraq must be set .
The other essential step is to place resolution of the Israel-Palestine conflict at the center of America 's foreign policy agenda . America must push for a solution that can garner the support of significant majorities of all the peoples between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean .
So religion can not be imposed ; individuals must practice it according to their own decisions .
We must recognize that democracy has proved its worth around the world .
Chen 's jail sentence should also serve to remind the DPP that it must become a party for all Taiwanese , `` local '' or not if it is to have any chance at a revival .
This cynical structure must be changed if people are to have enough confidence in the future for the economy to recover .
China 's communist rulers must own up to their history and drop Mao and the communist legacy .
Ships laden with tens of thousands of tons of maize , sorghum , split peas , and cooking oil from the United Nations World Food Program and other international aid organizations must navigate these dangerous waters .
I am optimistic that some nation will come to the rescue -- but we must not risk this happening too late , or not at all .
However , while the US government and American companies question whether the Chinese are willing and able to enforce such rights , one must put this issue into historical perspective .
The incoming members of the Assembly therefore must address everyday issues -- employment , healthcare , education , social justice , minority rights , security , etc. .
They object to vast differences in wealth and think large accumulations of it must be the product of theft , not work and risk .
Yet Putin knows that he must curtail the political ambitions of the oligarchs if Russian business is to be modernized .
If Israel must have its wall , it must also restrict it to the 1967 Green Line .
Of course , on average , advances in computer technology must be good news .
Instead , these risks must be dealt with by fundamental changes - changes that will not make individuals more productive than machines , but will allow society to manage risks better and to redistribute them .
They fear for their own jobs and for their children 's future in a world where they must compete alongside the world 's poorest .
We must not let this happen .
Unions and workers associations are the natural vehicles to monitor such behavior , but they must invest in the expertise to do so effectively .
More generally , they must examine employee ownership programs both sympathetically and analytically , in order to suggest ways to hedge the risks they create .
Union leaders must study finance rather than condemn it as evil .
Insurance companies face inherent difficulties in measuring risks , and they must tailor their policies creatively around the human foibles that limit uptake .
Insurers must also be attentive to a wide array of possible moral hazards -- perverse incentives to risky behavior -- and to problems of selection bias in attracting clients .
To deal with disasters more effectively , countries must find the will to create an environment in which a much more developed private insurance industry can flourish .
If not made mandatory , insurance must at least be promoted effectively .
Most of the likely buyers are slow to make up their minds , since trustees , fund managers , consultants , and employer sponsors must all become comfortable that the new concept is consistent with their fiduciary obligations .
Several kinds of selection bias must be considered when we look at Siegel 's constant .
For insurance to be effective as a risk-management device , weather must be measured at a finely-detailed local level , and the correct measurements must be taken at the correct time .
Different crops are affected differently , and weather insurance must take account of a farm 's various crops and when they were planted -- complexities that modern information technology can solve .
National leaders must speak out , and they must match their words with concrete actions , to help signal to the public that the speculative bubble can not be expected to continue .
But this history means that the true real long-term interest rate was not as high in the 1980 's as our measures show , because long-term inflation expectations must have been much higher than the one-year inflation rate was at the time .
Holders of long-term bonds , for example , must have thought that inflation would come roaring back after the effects of the 1981-2 global recession had passed .
Such higher-density construction must be the best possible outcome , for it will please the most people .
Bernanke will therefore have to be careful about over-generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over-diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over-prepare to fight the last war .
One reason why government-run wage insurance programs must have limited duration is that they involve so-called `` moral hazard '' : the risk that people will get lazy or would take easier , lower-paying jobs and continue to collect insurance that pays them the wage of a more demanding occupation .
China 's one-child policy must have been an advantage for its per capita GDP growth , allowing more time to be spent on business activities rather than childrearing .
So Mexico 's auto industry must make huge advances in productivity if it is to maintain the same wage level in the future .
Differences in saving rates matter a lot , and must be a major reason that China 's annual economic growth rate is now a full six percentage points higher than in the US .
As I argued last year , in the second edition of my book Irrational Exuberance , the boom is rooted in speculative investment by ordinary homebuyers , fueled substantially by the worldwide perception that capitalism has triumphed , and that all people must look out for themselves by acquiring property .
Moreover , the fear that one must get in on the boom before it is too late often drives people to bid up home prices faster now .
One must realize that individuals choose whether to play the role of cosmopolitan or local , and how much to invest in that role .
So India must `` take steps that reduce social and economic inequalities , without hurting the process of growth and without reducing the incentives for individual enterprise and creativity . ''
Its financial markets ' high quality must be an important reason for America 's relatively strong economic growth .
The sub-prime crisis has exposed serious problems that we must address .
We saw how we must learn to work together , to love each other . ''
Their per capita living standards should thus be substantially higher than in the US , where swarms of kids must be attended to and where new investments must be made just to keep the capital stock growing in step with a swelling population .
Both spirit and the necessary financial institutions must be present to enable `` creative destruction '' - the force Joseph Schumpeter argued sixty years was the engine of capitalist prosperity - to be unleashed .
In the longer run , a system of good incentives must be created to change people 's expectations of economic success and increase their opportunities to `` learn by doing . ''
A volatility feedback loop begins : the more volatility , the more people feel they must pay attention to the market , and hence the more erratic their trades .
Ultimately , one must always ask why lending standards were loosened and then tightened .
And as the statistician Leonard `` Jimmie '' Savage showed in 1954 , if people follow certain axioms of rationality , they must behave as if they knew all the probabilities and did all the appropriate calculations .
They update these probabilities as soon as new information becomes available , and so any change in their behavior must be attributable to their rational response to genuinely new information .
People will probably not buy and sell them unless the markets for them are liquid , which means that a lot of traders must be there at the same time .
But generating enough liquidity implies huge expenses : the public must be educated to understand the concept of risk management and overcome serious psychological barriers before it can be persuaded of the usefulness of the new instruments .
The lesson is that whenever patents are extended to a new domain , we must be attentive to whether their positive incentive effects are outweighed by the main disadvantage of granting what is in essence a monopoly to the inventor : slower adoption by others .
Still , we must always bear in mind the difficulty of forecasting bubbles .
And , for daring investors , it is not enough to find a bubble to pile into . They must also try to determine when to cash out and put their money elsewhere .
To be sure , the ratio is a factor that would help us to assess risks of negative feedback , since the government must refinance short-term debt sooner , and , if the crisis pushes up interest rates , the authorities will face intense pressures for fiscal austerity sooner or later .
To fully comprehend risk , we must stretch our imagination to think of all the different ways that things can go wrong , including things that have not happened in recent memory .
We must protect ourselves against fallacies , such as thinking that just because a risk has not proved damaging for decades , it no longer exists .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
Fuzzy , feel-good projects to foster human rights and good governance in an obscure region next-door must wait .
This means that farmers ca n't renew their own supply but must return to the monopolist for new seed each planting season .
South Africa must tap into the growing concern among Zimbabwe 's neighbors -LRB- Angola , Botswana , Tanzania , and Zambia -RRB- about the political crisis , and forge a united front within the SADC that sends a clear message to Mugabe and his generals that the region will no longer tolerate their actions .
It must insist that all opposition leaders and supporters be freed immediately , and that all state-sponsored violence be halted .
If South Africa sees itself as speaking for Africa on the global stage and creating a vision for the continent 's future , it must know when to lead and how to build consensus .
None of this is easy , but South Africa must now act decisively in order to polish its tarnished image as a responsible regional power . `` Business as usual '' is no longer a viable approach for South African foreign policy .
This year 's meeting , in Heiligendamm , Germany , must deliver on that promise .
In order for that to happen , Russia 's leaders must come to view missile defense as an opportunity to work together to address common threats , rather than a threat in itself .
So the euro must earn its reputation crisis by crisis to confront the dollar 's dominance as the currency of choice for international transactions .
 Secession should not result from foreign intervention , and the barriers for recognizing secession must be high ;
 All minorities must be guaranteed decent treatment .
National forums must make it their concern to discuss common European issues , thereby ensuring information for all , transparency , control , and accountability .
More generally , however the problem of the Irish referendum result is addressed , the EU will gradually acquire its definitive shape on the basis of the ongoing problems that it must address , because as the dimensions of these problems grow , their management will require solid and durable forms of cooperation .
Recognizing the rights of great apes does not mean that they all must be set free , even those born and bred in zoos , who would be unable to survive in the wild .
Using some remarkable graphs , images , and other information , the film makes a compelling case that our carbon dioxide emissions are causing global warming , or , at the very least , contributing to it , and that we must urgently address the issue .
By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment , rather than the broader implications of the choice , the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment , no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be .
So , having demonstrated that the slaughter is unnecessary , it is then said that the slaughter should stop , that it shows the wrong attitude to animals , that we must show them more respect , and not just treat them as a means to our ends .
You must have known that all these animals were going to get slaughtered anyway ?
Tom Paine , the great American revolutionary and author of The Rights of Man , wrote : `` He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression ; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself . ''
If we can cultivate a wider tolerance of human diversity , politicians , business leaders , and administrators would be less fearful of `` exposure , '' because they would realize that they have done nothing that they must hide .
They must still train , of course , but if their genes produce more EPO than ours , they are going to beat us in the Tour de France , no matter how hard we train .
Training at high altitude is permitted , though it gives those athletes who can do it an edge over competitors who must train at sea level .
LaSalle Leffall , who chaired the President 's Cancer Panel , wrote to President George W. Bush in August , saying , `` We can and must empower individuals to make healthy choices through appropriate policy and legislation . ''
Those without an acceptable excuse , like illness or travel abroad , must pay a small fine , but the number fined is less than 1 % of eligible voters .
Nevertheless , hypocrisy is the tribute that vice pays to virtue , and the fact that racists and sexists must pay this tribute is an indication of some moral progress .
He must be either evil or a bungler .
He must also begin the process of withdrawing combat troops from Iraq , a task that he said would be completed in 16 months .
US aid also must be better targeted toward helping those living in extreme poverty .
Once we abandon arguments based on potential , the claim that it is wrong to kill embryos and fetuses must be based on the nature of those entities themselves -- that they are actual human beings who already possess the characteristics that make killing wrong .
But any risk must be weighed against other grave threats that we face .
Then , as an incentive to fulfill your commitment , you can decide on a penalty that you must pay if you fail .
This is a situation in which we must stretch our imagination , to understand and be motivated by the good that we are doing . Unfortunately , not everyone can do that .
He considers three leading theories about what we ought to do -- one deriving from Kant , one from the social-contract tradition of Hobbes , Locke , Rousseau , and the contemporary philosophers John Rawls and T.M. Scanlon , and one from Bentham 's utilitarianism -- and argues that the Kantian and social-contract theories must be revised in order to be defensible .
It must move on to the far more significant target of better living conditions and more humane deaths for bears and fur-bearing animals , as well as for cows , pigs , laying hens , and chickens .
Bhutanese may bring into the country small quantities of cigarettes or tobacco from India for their own consumption , but not for resale -- and they must carry the import-tax receipt with them any time they smoke in public .
That is why in Islamic jurisprudence , laws must be derived from the Koran and the Sunnah of the Prophet , not handed down from British or classical philosophy .
Like the Ottoman Empire 's fragmentation in 1922 or Nasser 's overthrow of King Farouk 's regime in 1952 , the current transformation , too , must be shaped .
It is not just the reliability of the Suez Canal and oil exports that are now in doubt ; decades of fixed strategic certainties must now be reexamined .
Above all , Israel must wonder if the peace treaty with Egypt will hold , and , if not , how to carry out the massive restructuring of its defense posture that will be required .
An assertive and relatively stable China , it seems , must expand , lest pent-up internal pressures tear it apart .
It is against this backdrop that the latest contest between India and China must be assessed .
It would be a mistake to presume that the vast expansion of trade between India and China , currently worth more than $ 60 billion annually -LRB- with China now India 's largest trading partner -RRB- , must lead to improved bilateral relations .
Another feature of such summits -- the trading of lists of `` must do '' and `` can do '' items -- also should be retired .
India must make clear -- and the US must recognize -- that a sub-continental country of a billion-plus people can not be kept within the categorical confines of `` South Asia . ''
The US must accept and candidly discuss the damaging consequences of its military , diplomatic , and political overreach -- of a `` war too far '' that has brought the region to its current ugly impasse .
Both leaders must accept that history is destiny , and that the irrefutable logic of geography is a determinant of it .
India must understand this troubled partnership , into which America entered with its eyes wide open , though it would help if the US accepted that India has paid -- and continues to pay -- a very high price on this account .
They must succeed in inducing the oil sheikhs and other producers of fossil fuels to throttle their pumps .
First , all polluters must sit at the negotiating table and be forced or induced to participate in reducing pollution .
Second , and more difficult , the oil sheikhs and other producers of fossil fuels must be talked into postponing their extraction plans or , better yet , not to extract some of their resources at all .
Whoever wishes to grow bio-fuels on land that was previously used for food production must recognize that this would increase food prices , harming the poorest of the poor .
Deforestation must be reversed , not accelerated .
That option should be supported . But official encouragement of production of bio-fuels on land that would have been used for other purposes must stop .
In Germany 's traditional system , a company 's assets were evaluated according to the `` lowest value principle '' : the lower of an asset 's historical price and its current market price must be used for accounting purposes .
Financial products must be made transparent , off-balance sheet operations must be limited , and , above all , the scope of leveraged operations must be reduced by requiring higher equity-asset ratios .
This spring , before the first big issues of new Greek debt must be launched , the world will see which solution Europe has chosen .
But the interest rate that Greece must pay buyers of its government bonds has shot up to a record-high level of nearly 9 % -- 5.9 percentage points above the benchmark rate paid by Germany .
In Germany , a `` stability council '' must approve state budgets .
According to the German Constitution , the German states -LRB- or Lnder -RRB- will not be permitted any budget deficit after 2020 , and must already pursue fiscal consolidation in order to meet that goal .
In exceptional cases , a state may run a deficit , but its cumulative volume must not exceed 1.5 % of GDP .
The risk premia that financially distressed countries must pay remain high and signal continuing risk .
Although it must have been sorely tempted , Italy did not accumulate Target deficits .
Apart from financial restructuring , which is crucial , Greece and Portugal must become cheaper in order to regain their competitiveness .
As Italy 's monthly current-account deficit approximates only  3-4 billion , the Target credit must have compensated primarily for capital flight .
To assess whether excessive specialization has occurred in Germany , we must focus on the labor market , for it is here that the effect of specialization is most visible .
As a result , these labor-intensive sectors must release a lot of labor and capital , which push into the capital-intensive export sectors that are better able to cope with high wages . But , while these sectors therefore grow especially fast , their high capital intensity means that they can not fully employ the released labor , with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state .
In theory , the resource requirement must be tailored to the individual circumstances of the immigrant .
Instead , the welfare state must make its services available to him .
But , to do so , the directive on free movement must be changed , so that the right to immigrate does not automatically imply a right to social benefits .
Paul Wolfowitz , Deputy Secretary of Defense and former US Ambassador to Indonesia , said that the US must bring new seriousness to helping Indonesia in its quest to secure a stable democracy and prosperous economy .
But these two prominent , national membership organizations may succeed in dampening Islamic militancy where the government , afraid of waging the battle it must fight , has failed dismally .
Moderate believers must look to examples such as Indonesia , where Islam has encountered and interacted with new and alien forces .
Finally , moderate Muslims must explore Indonesia 's vibrant and indigenous Islamic traditions .
As a result , Spanish banks typically make provision to cover 150 % of bad debts whereas British banks cover only 80-100 % , and Spanish homebuyers must pay between 20 % and 30 % deposit on a house , whereas 100 % mortgages have routinely been given in the United States and the United Kingdom in recent years .
Economics , in other words , must start from the premise of imperfect rather than perfect knowledge .
In estimating political risk today , analysts must pay particular attention to the character of the political system .
Analysts also must pay attention to the nature of the implied social contract .
Even Venezuela 's Hugo Chvez , who built his power on populist anti-Americanism , must be praying for the success of US President Barack Obama 's stimulus package to lift his falling oil revenues .
This line of reasoning assumes that markets are perfectly efficient . If they go wrong , it must be because of mistakes in policy .
This gain must be preserved in the face of the current clamor to `` nationalize '' banks .
To get to Moldova from Odessa -LRB- now in Ukraine -RRB- one must drive through the self-proclaimed `` republic '' of Transdniestria -LRB- population 700,000 -RRB- , a sliver of land on the north shore of the Dniester river .
But how large must such a stimulus be ?
He invokes the hoary old `` Ricardian equivalence theorem , '' revived by the Harvard economist Robert Barro , according to whom `` debt-financed spending ca n't have any effect , because people , seeing the higher future taxes that must pay off the debt , will simply save more .
All peers must now publicly promise to be honest .
People must be regulated into good behavior .
Liberal societies must tolerate some degree of crime and corruption .
If reformers are to win , they must be prepared to fight the world 's most powerful vested interest .
So three things are needed : governments must -LRB- 1 -RRB- cut their deficits gradually in a believable way , -LRB- 2 -RRB- keep enough spending going to compensate for increased saving in the private sector , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- press on with bank regulation .
The question he asked of his opponents was : `` What must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible , so that government ` stimulus ' to raise the employment level could do no good ? '' In answering this question , Keynes reconstructed the orthodox theory -- and then proceeded to demolish it .
The question is : what must the cutters and slashers believe to justify their policies ?
Everyone agreed that Russia must diversify its economy away from reliance on energy .
They both believe that democracy must come sooner or later , but Putin 's emphasis is very much on later , whereas Medvedev has added a liberalizing voice to Russia 's public discourse .
Moreover , Medvedev 's main strategic goal must be to secure a second term as president .
This amounts to saying that even though rich countries -LRB- or regions -RRB- no longer need the benefits of free trade , they must continue to suffer its costs .
His intention is quite clear : `` Man 's active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose he learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil . ''
The `` triumph of the West '' that followed the collapse of Communism in Europe was clearly not the `` end of history . '' As Ferguson must know , the main topic of discussion in international affairs nowadays concerns the `` rise '' of China , and more generally Asia , as well as the stirring of Islam .
But if a bunch of speculators decide -LRB- rightly or wrongly -RRB- that a government 's debt is overpriced , they can force down its price , thereby forcing up its yield -LRB- the interest rate that the government must pay -RRB- .
When these two accounting standards diverge , the popular standard must prevail if democracy is to survive .
A public person must be on constant guard against causing offense , whether intentionally or not .
The Greek government currently must pay 25 % for its ten-year bonds , which are trading at a 50 % discount in the secondary market .
Any credible bailout plan must require creditor banks to accept that they will lose at least half of their money .
The same institutions that caused the crisis must help to solve it , by starting to lend again .
In other words , the challenge is to revive lending growth in full awareness that we must begin devising ways to rein it in .
We must be willing to take uncertainty seriously .
The League is necessary , argues McCain , because in matters vital to the US , such as fighting Islamic terrorism , humanitarian intervention , and spreading liberty , democracy , and free markets , the US and its democratic partners must be able to act without permission from the United Nations -LRB- i.e. , from Russia and China -RRB- .
-LRB- China must learn to behave `` responsibly , '' McCain declares with breath-taking condescension . -RRB- In fact , Russia has mostly cooperated with the US in the `` war against terrorism . ''
When the pyramid starts crumbling , government -- that is , taxpayers -- must step in to refinance the banking system , revive mortgage markets , and prevent economic collapse .
America 's founders , for instance , fully understood that the two must go hand in hand .
The Elusive Search for Global Financial Rules BRUSSELS -- If the financial crisis is global , it is said , then the solution must be global
An enhanced international financial system must pursue two main lines of action .
But , if we are to create an international monetary system in which crises are the exception , the Fund must play a greater preventive role .
The Human Rights Act must inevitably yield to subsequent legislation .
Russia must be convinced that its resources will be far more valuable if they are opened to international investment , managed transparently , and operated according to the legal and commercial rules of the international trading system .
But these fears and the atmosphere of suspicion must be overcome . Mutual trust must be reinforced .
So some compromise must be found should Kerry win .
The first part is purely face-saving : both parties must simply declare their good will .
That transatlantic community must jointly feel responsible for maintaining peace and stability in the world .
The US must accept this principle , and recognize that Europe is a partner , not merely a servant , whether willing or unwilling , of American orders .
If burdens are to be shared , decisions must be shared as well .
Europe , for its part , must not only show that it feels responsible for the world , but that it is ready and willing to act accordingly by contributing in a significant way to reconstructing Iraq .
The Assembly sought to fill this policy vacuum by outlining steps that her government must take to jump-start the economy .
Regions must be prevented from promulgating regulations that violate national laws or impose negative effects on other regions , as has happened with the creation by some regions of internal trade barriers .
So , in this era of global warming , smart bombs , cyber warfare , and worldwide epidemics , our societies must be protected with more complex and subtle strategies . We can not continue to pursue strategies that ignore our common exposure to global risks , and the resulting environment of mutual dependence .
We must learn a new grammar of power in a world that is made up more of the common good -- or the common bad -- than of self-interest or national interest . These have n't disappeared , of course , but they are proving to be indefensible outside of a framework capable of addressing common threats and opportunities .
While the old power game sought the protection of one 's own interests with no concern for those of others , overexposure forces reciprocity of risks , the development of cooperative methods , and the sharing of information and strategies . Truly effective global governance is the strategic horizon that humanity must pursue today with all its energy .
But this change in global governance must not be limited to economic policymaking .
Thus , energy must be governed through a system of cooperation and regulation .
The solution must include a new institution .
The focus of the negotiations must be comprehensive , resulting in emission limits and financial and technological support for energy sources that are less harmful to the environment .
At the UNFCCC 's meeting in Durban , all countries -- developed , emerging , with or without natural resources -- must join together to ensure that when the other crises currently roiling the world are finally resolved , the biggest crisis of all does not catch us off guard .
Aside from security and intelligence efforts , we must also work to deny `` oxygen '' to the terrorists .
The EU will be tough on terrorism . But it must also be tough on the causes of terrorism .
The solution to any crisis , emergency or conflict , must always be political and our ESDP actions are always firmly anchored in political strategies , formed by consensus .
To respond to the growing calls to help tackle regional and global security challenges , the EU must improve the efficiency and coherence of its external action still further .
We currently have a gap between our ambitions and our resources which must be addressed .
The EU 's unique , joint civilian-military approach must be further developed to make us yet more flexible . Our capacity to deploy rapid reaction forces also needs strengthening .
This must be one of those moments . '' So begins the National Security Strategy of the United States of America , presented before Congress on May 27 .
In the face of today 's global challenges , the only possible response must be global .
Especially in a time of crisis that has caused so much suffering , its decisions must be explained to the public clearly and without cacophony .
With countries headed toward growth at different speeds , global strategy must continue to be a priority .
Within the framework of multilateralism , countries must make the effort to smooth over their differences and deepen their relations : we must conquer the inertia that moves us towards old thinking -- and old alliances .
To better judge the treaties ' worth , we must remember the context in which they were conceived .
Originally reluctant to accept a Europe with autonomous military capacity , the United Kingdom had learned from the intervention in Kosovo that the EU must be able to respond to crises rapidly and efficiently .
In doing so , Europe must draw on the lessons of its past successes .
Defense missions must be more adaptable , prompt , multinational , and multi-instrumental .
They must be focused on stability and security , regardless of the security situation or the nature of the conflict .
This relationship must be based on cooperation that benefits both sides , and that respects certain common principals of governance and non-interference .
In order to ensure this , policymakers must give priority to the efficiency criterion and bear in mind the environmental costs of both land and sea transport .
Obviously , there is another , geopolitical condition that must be met to achieve this rebalancing : the Suez Canal must continue to be a safe and reliable shipping route .
A major challenge that Europe must still face is migration , which will only become a bigger problem over time .
Now the accession negotiations have started , and 35 `` chapters '' -- covering everything from agriculture to energy , competition , environment , employment , social policy , and beyond -- must be opened .
This must change .
France , when it assumes leadership of the G-20 after the Seoul summit , must move quickly to redress these shortcomings .
Our responses to climate change must have a social dimension . Workers , employers and governments must engage in dialogue to put in place the social policies which ensure that green jobs are decent jobs .
It needs to be explained why the euro remains the best protection there is against inflation , the most dangerous social ill of all ; why government stimulus will not work and never actually has delivered sustained growth ; and why a new equilibrium between welfare and economic dynamism -- based on less public debt and more private investment -- must be established .
Capitalism is always a trade-off : we must live with unethical behavior by money-making corporations that provide us with useful new tools .
When one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries , the law can vary , but cooptation is the usual rule of the game : a successful judge or prosecutor , in order to climb the professional ladder , must follow the guidance of his peers and increase the influence of his corporation .
There are checks and balances , and the President must obtain the support of the people .
Afghanistan has been liberated , but law and order has not been established beyond Kabul . Indeed , President Karzai must be protected by American bodyguards .
Removing Saddam is a good thing ; yet the way President Bush is going about it must be opposed .
They must turn to the IMF , and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession .
In the broadest terms , we must create a more level playing field .
Addressing the broader , system-wide problem , we must find ways to stimulate domestic-led growth in the periphery countries .
Here , the President of the World Bank and the Chairman of the OSI discuss the problems that must be addressed .
Governments must disclose what they receive and , even more importantly , they must be held accountable for the way they use their revenues .
Obviously that arrangement must be extended .
Public opinion must be mobilized to keep governments and companies to their promises .
It is civil society that has moved the process this far , and it must become even more deeply engaged , particularly in the producing countries , to maintain the forward momentum and ensure that the movement succeeds in lifting the resource curse once and for all .
The EU must promote democratic development in neighboring countries without expecting or demanding reciprocal concessions .
Conditionality may not be the right word to describe the relationship , because it implies that certain conditions must be met before the Union bestows benefits .
Today , however , the EU must take the initiative and offer incentives ; concessions could then be withdrawn if expectations are not fulfilled .
This means that EU policy must be tailor-made for individual countries .
The EU must therefore offer inducements that outweigh pressure from Russia .
A civil society component must be included in every action plan .
If this continues and Bush is reelected , Americans must ask the question : `` What is wrong with us ? ''
It is not enough to reject the Bush administration 's policies ; Americans must reaffirm the values and principles of an open society .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
If Americans want to preserve their privileged position , they must not use it to dictate to the rest of the world , but for the well being of others .
There must be something wrong with Americans if we fall for it .
Instead , `` Freedom by its nature must be chosen and defended by citizens and sustained by the rule of law and the protection of minorities . ''
But intervention in other states ' internal affairs must be legitimate , which requires clearly established rules .
But Afghanistan 's potential for progress must be bolstered by concerted international action .
Afghanistan is grappling with the world 's biggest narcotics problem and donors must commit to a long-term drug control strategy .
For their sake , and ours , we must not let them down .
We must abandon Popper 's tacit assumption that political discourse aims at a better understanding of reality and reintroduce it as an explicit requirement .
There is an important role here for the media , the political elite , and the educational system , which must all act as watchdogs .
Credit expansion must now be followed by a period of contraction , because some of the new credit instruments and practices are unsound and unsustainable .
Now , they must recognize that the Fed may no longer be in a position to do so .
They are used to dealing with governments ; now they must learn to deal with the collapse of the private sector .
Countries on the periphery tend to be poorer and more dependent on commodities than the more developed world , and they must repay more than $ 1.4 trillion in bank loans in 2009 alone . These loans can not be rolled over without international assistance .
But , having gone too far in deregulating markets , we must resist a natural tendency to overcompensate .
First and foremost , financial authorities must accept responsibility for preventing asset bubbles from growing too big .
Even so , financial authorities must accept the assignment : while they are bound to be wrong , feedback from the markets will tell them whether they have done too much or too little .
The Chinese authorities do it today , and they also set the minimum deposits banks must maintain with the central bank .
This brings me to my third point : we must reconceptualize the meaning of market risk .
To avert a repetition , securities held by banks must carry a much higher risk rating than they currently do .
Banks must pay for their implicit government guarantee by using less leverage and accepting restrictions on how they invest depositors ' money .
Hedge funds and other large investors must also be closely monitored to ensure that they do n't build up dangerous imbalances .
A new multilateral system based on sounder principles must be invented .
As China becomes a world leader , it must transform itself into a more open society that the rest of the world is willing to accept as a world leader . Military power relations being what they are , China has no alternative to peaceful , harmonious development . Indeed , the future of the world depends on it .
So regulations must become international in scope .
Developed countries ' governments are laboring under the misapprehension that funding must come from their national budgets .
This strategy must address both intolerable living conditions for Roma and the hostile stereotypes that prevail within majority populations , because they mutually reinforce each other .
Europe must develop a long-term strategy tied to programs and monitoring mechanisms that will deliver real change on the ground .
The use of derivatives and other synthetic instruments must be regulated , even if all the parties are sophisticated investors .
Ordinary securities must be registered with the SEC before they can be traded .
The EU must recognize that the pan-European nature of this problem demands a comprehensive and effective strategy for Roma inclusion .
Policies and programs to promote inclusion in employment , education , health care , and housing must be implemented at the local and national levels .
From now on , consumption must grow much faster than GDP .
But currency adjustments must be part of an internationally coordinated plan to reduce global imbalances .
Now it must go a step further and engage in consensus-building internationally .
The chances of a positive outcome are not good , yet we must strive for it , because , in the absence of international cooperation , the world is headed for a period of great turbulence and disruption .
Households are over-indebted and must save more .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
Thus , because the arrangements imposed by Germany protect the banking system by treating outstanding sovereign debt as sacrosanct , debtor countries must bear the entire burden of adjustment .
First , the European Financial Stability Facility must serve to rescue the banking system as well as member states .
That is why the need for the next step in European integration must be clearly acknowledged alongside implementation of the EU 's crisis-resolution mechanism .
In reality , in far too many countries , ordinary citizens do not benefit from any of this money ; in fact , they must bear the brunt of the environmental and social costs imposed by mining and drilling operations .
Citizens everywhere must be assured that oil and gas firms , as well as mining companies , publish all of their relevant financial information , broken down by country and by project , and including all payments made to host-country public budgets .
Regulators must also stipulate that company reports be made available on a regular , timely basis , and that they are easily accessible and comparable across countries and other extractive companies .
Now the world must look to the G-20 summit in Cannes this November to make an unequivocal commitment to the reporting requirements needed , given that important emerging economies such as Brazil , India , and China , as well as South Africa and other resource-rich African countries , will be at the table .
If this seemingly inexorable process is to be arrested and reversed , both Greece and the eurozone must urgently adopt a Plan B. A Greek default may be inevitable , but it need not be disorderly .
In short , Germany and the other countries with AAA bond ratings must agree to a eurobond regime of one kind or another . Otherwise , the euro will break down .
First , bank deposits must be protected .
The EU 's member countries , and not only those in the eurozone , must accept that a new treaty is needed to save the euro .
And , just as importantly , they now understand that it is not enough to ensure that governments can finance their debt at reasonable interest rates ; they must also address the weakness of Europe 's banking system .
Several legal issues must be resolved to make these changes effective .
To implement them , we must first overcome the objections of market fundamentalists who want to eliminate or downsize the IMF .
While we should firmly reject these calls , we must heed the critics ' legitimate and deeply felt concerns about how those eggs are used and distributed .
`` You are one being among many\/Only you hang on to Beauty\/And know : you must part , '' wrote the poet Reiner Kunze .
Beauty does not derive its meaning from its value for our biological survival or its use for other people , who must also die .
-LRB- Indeed , all war ministries have become `` defense ministries , '' leaving one to wonder against whom a country must be defended if there are no longer any attackers . -RRB-
Impressive results . But to assess their relevance , three questions must be asked : was such harmonization necessary ?
Trades must no longer be concentrated on an officially regulated market , which means that assessment of `` best execution '' remains an open question , especially when trades are `` internalized '' by intermediaries acting as counterparts to their customers .
Larger developing countries must assume an expanded role in unwinding the protectionist measures that came with their expanded use of the public purse , and reestablish forward motion .
If the EU wants a monetary union in which sovereign debt is relatively homogenous with respect to risk , fiscal discipline must be similarly homogenous .
While still able to exploit the scope for catch-up growth , emerging economies must undertake continuous , rapid , and at times difficult structural change , along with a parallel process of reform and institution building .
But , given the US housing market 's fragility , raising interest rates could cause prices to plummet , sinking the economy again . Despite their complaints , it is not clear that emerging economies would prefer another deep US downturn to the current flood of inbound capital that that they must manage .
That must be fixed , which requires that competitiveness become the central focus of longer-term US economic policy -- the sooner , the better .
Yet there are several significant risks to global economic stability and prosperity that must be addressed urgently .
They must understand this .
That challenge must be at the core of the G-20 's mission .
But such intervention can and must be far more precisely targeted than QE2 .
Third , advanced and emerging economies that are running chronic surpluses must get rid of them .
In addition , collectively we must do a better job of anticipating problems rather than being in reactive mode in the face of crises .
Labor-intensive industries in the tradable sector must be allowed to decline .
The financial sector must be developed in order to create more savings options and supply credit and equity capital efficiently to new and growing businesses , which China needs in order to attract the rural population to cities -LRB- even as export sectors move up the skill and value-added hierarchy -RRB- .
Perceptions are rapidly coming into line with the reality that sustainability must become a critical ingredient of growth .
To be viable , policy measures must include comprehensive tax reform ; a balanced deficit-reduction program ; investment in education , skills upgrading , infrastructure , and technology ; and a fully developed energy policy that anticipates rising relative energy prices as emerging-market growth enlarges the global economy to three times its current size over the next quarter-century .
They must be allowed to decline or move inland -LRB- and eventually decline -RRB- .
Household income must rise , and , with more ample provision of social security , insurance , and services , precautionary savings should fall .
But now China must face global pressures and responsibilities as well . These partly reflect China 's sheer size and impact .
China must confront the challenge of domestic restructuring to sustain growth , while asserting the right to develop without being penalized because of its size .
But it must also assume greater responsibility for global imbalances , economic and financial stability , and governance , as well as represent the interests of less powerful developing countries .
On the other hand , to secure that promise of peace and stability , Europeans must recognize that the Union is not and can not be perceived as a work set in stone .
Today , we must also continue forming and correcting the EU to maximize its ability to reflect the needs of its inhabitants in an ever-changing world .
These changes , however , must always be undertaken in the light of core European virtues .
It is not a machine that goes on of its own accord , but is instead something that must be lived and worked for by Europeans .
There are a number of qualities that must be understood if integration is to continue to build an ever more open Europe .
These initiatives -- particularly efforts to strengthen the IMF 's surveillance function and the so-called `` exceptional access framework '' -- must now be locked in and implemented consistently .
The quota distribution should be guided by members ' economic weight and degree of integration into the global economy , and any quota adjustments must be undertaken in a coherent manner that applies the same standard for all countries .
But , in order to maintain the creditor countries ' willingness to contribute to the Fund 's finances , a strong link must be maintained between quotas , on the one hand , and voting rights , access to IMF resources , and financial contributions on the other hand .
In the euro area , instead of continuing to deny that monetary union limits national fiscal sovereignty , they must come to terms with economic reality and follow stricter budgetary rules .
To minimize that risk , euro-area countries must fundamentally re-work and strengthen the institutional architecture for coordinating long overdue structural reforms and for safeguarding public finances .
De-politicization of surveillance is best achieved by creating an independent body , whether formal or informal , while stricter and more binding rules must include a stronger link between deficit and debt criteria .
Sanctions , to be credible , must come into play long before a country falls into economic difficulties ; therefore , they should not be purely financial in character , but should include other measures as well .
Surplus countries , too , must adopt measures to strengthen the domestic economy by creating incentives for investment and employment .
The solution must be to use firmness backed , if necessary , by military strength , to enable Karzai to face down Marshall Fahim .
Now that the international peacekeeping force is to operate nationally , Marshall Fahim must be told to lift his stranglehold on Kabul .
Now that aid is beginning to flow , Karzai must be told that its continuation is contingent on his bringing prominent Pashtuns and Hezaras into the inner circles of government .
I came to realize that the political answer to this crisis must encompass more than improved regulatory regimes , risk-management strategies , and capital requirements .
Thus , along with tremendous opportunities implied by globalization , political risks must also be addressed .
German and European policymakers must make clear what Europe has to offer Asia , and can do so at this month 's EU\/ASEAN and EU\/China summits .
Any strategic partnership between Europe and Asia must encourage global economic responsibility based on cooperation and transparency .
Europe and Asia must jointly commit to an agenda underscoring global resources and sustainability .
Europe must become a stakeholder in Asia if both sides are to gain maximum benefit from cooperation and help shape the world of the future .
In the light of developments such as in Myanmar , ASEAN must state clearly where it stands .
Europe must take Asian views on global governance seriously .
By the same token , the new Asian players must take into account the progress achieved in this regard in the latter half of the twentieth century .
In Turkey , Friday prayers are written by civil servants in the 70,000-member State Directorate of Religious Affairs , and all Turkish imams also must be civil servants .
Felipe Caldern of the center-right ruling party , the National Action Party -LRB- PAN -RRB- , is currently leading in the vote count , which must be confirmed by September .
After World War II , many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called `` constructive vote of no confidence . '' Before a no confidence vote can be held , agreement must be reached on a new government majority to take its place .
But , in order to choose a leader , these groups must coalesce into a coherent force .
If policymakers are to address today 's problems , they must think more broadly .
Seven lessons must now be drawn :
Countries must cope with those shocks - adjustments in exchange rates are part of the coping mechanism .
Argentina 's crisis should remind us of the pressing need to reform the global financial system - and thorough reform of the IMF is where we must begin .
If the foundations of economic growth lie in advances in science and technology , not in speculation in real estate or financial markets , then tax systems must be realigned .
Rich countries must reduce , if not eliminate , distortional agriculture and energy policies , and help those in the poorest countries improve their capacity to produce food .
It must be sustainable : growth based on environmental degradation , a debt-financed consumption binge , or the exploitation of scarce natural resources , without reinvesting the proceeds , is not sustainable .
Growth also must be inclusive ; at least a majority of citizens must benefit .
But if governments are going to pay the economy 's hospital bills , they must act to make it less likely that hospitalization will be needed .
Some -- those with large trade deficits before the crisis hit , those with large national debts that must be rolled over , and those with close trade links to the US -- are likely to suffer more than others .
The forthcoming global summit must face these new realities if it is to work effectively toward creating a more stable and a more equitable global financial system .
Nowadays , increases in manufacturing productivity are even more impressive than they were for agriculture a century ago ; but that means the adjustments that must be made are all the greater .
For markets to work , for the appropriate signals for efficient resource allocation to be provided , investors must have as much information as possible .
Now we must resist the temptation to go to the other extreme .
America 's 50 states must maintain balanced budgets .
The total shortfalls were estimated at $ 150 billion a few months ago ; now the number must be much larger -- indeed , California alone faces a shortfall of $ 40 billion .
- Confidence is important , but it must rest on sound fundamentals .
Policies must not be based on the fiction that good loans were made , and that the business acumen of financial-market leaders and regulators will be validated once confidence is restored .
With the government bearing losses , these are distorted prices . Bank losses have already occurred , and their gains must now come at taxpayers ' expense .
While politicians talk about their commitment to regulatory reform to prevent a recurrence of the crisis , this is one area where the devil really is in the details -- and the banks will muster what muscle they have left to ensure that they have ample room to continue as they have in the past .
Sometimes , the government must provide additional funds ; sometimes it looks for a new investor to take over the failed bank .
If globalization is to work for everyone , decisions about how to manage it must be made in a democratic and inclusive manner -- with the participation of both the perpetrators and the victims of the mistakes .
This UN conference , like an earlier one on financing for developing countries , demonstrated the key role that the UN must play in any global discussion about reforming the global financial and economic system .
Any good measure of how well we are doing must also take account of sustainability .
King is right : banks that are too big to fail are too big to exist . If they continue to exist , they must exist in what is sometimes called a `` utility '' model , meaning that they are heavily regulated .
Countries that receive more than they must put into reserves could exchange the new money for conventional currencies .
If some countries , say , Japan and China , insist on running huge surpluses year after year , then other countries must run deficits .
If one country gets rid of its deficit , it must show up elsewhere .
Innumerable details must be worked out before a global money scheme could be put into practice , and changes will not occur overnight .
We must now conjoin self-interest with good intentions , especially because leaders in some countries -LRB- particularly the United States -RRB- seem afraid of competition from emerging markets even without any advantage they might receive from not having to pay for carbon emissions .
But we must be wary of deficit fetishism .
Although President Obama has now delayed for some months when Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner must issue his report , the very concept of `` currency manipulation '' itself is flawed : all governments take actions that directly or indirectly affect the exchange rate .
Unfortunately , this global crisis was made in America , and America must look inward , not only to revive its economy , but also to prevent a recurrence .
But , under European Union rules , Spain must now cut its spending , which will likely exacerbate unemployment .
But the criteria for judgment are clear : the new law must curb the practices that jeopardized the entire global economy , and reorient the financial system towards its proper tasks -- managing risk , allocating capital , providing credit -LRB- especially to small - and medium-sized enterprises -RRB- , and operating an efficient payments system .
All of this was evident at the time the money was lent in July 1998 , but it is Russia 's people that today must pay for the IMF 's mistakes .
Both the US and Europe , for instance , must retrofit their economies to address the challenges of global warming .
In both Europe and America , the free-market ideology that allowed asset bubbles to grow unfettered -- markets always know best , so government must not intervene -- now ties policymakers ' hands in designing effective responses to the crisis .
Technically , reducing a deficit is a straightforward matter : one must either cut expenditures or raise taxes .
Second , military expenditures must be cut -- not just funding for the fruitless wars , but also for the weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist .
Tunisia must strive to maintain that sense of cohesion , which requires a commitment to transparency , tolerance , and inclusiveness -- both politically and economically .
Surely , this must be some `` trick . ''
Mauritius must be rich in diamonds , oil , or some other valuable commodity .
It must be placed at the heart of the policy agenda . ''
The argument put forward by the US , that it was entitled to safeguard against a surge of imports - utilizing safeguard measures that are part of the WTO - is unlikely to past muster with a WTO panel when one is eventually convened , but the argument itself is disingenuous .
The US pleads for understanding ; elections are coming in November , and voters in West Virginia and other states must be `` bribed '' to accept a new round of trade negotiations .
Countries , particularly in Europe , that are capable of standing up to the US must oppose it here .
But , even as Europe 's leaders promised that help was on the way , they doubled down on the belief that non-crisis countries must cut spending .
But if the recovery is to be sustained credit must be expanded , either by creating new financial institutions or by expanding existing ones .
What the economy needs is reactivation , and government policies must focus on this task .
If the private sector can not improve the availability of credit on its own , and no good neighbor steps forward to help , as Japan did in East Asia , government must take a more active role in restructuring the existing credit institutions as well as creating new ones .
? Economic reforms may entail pain , but the pain the poor must bear should not be minimized .
To finance its trade deficit , America must borrow from abroad over a billion dollars a day .
Therefore , if a country out-competes American firms , it must be because it engaged in some unfair practice .
Thus , debt must increase .
Today , many emerging markets , from Indonesia to Mexico , are told that there is a certain code of conduct to which they must conform if they are to be successful .
For society to function , it must provide individuals with incentives not to do so , through rewards and punishments , regulations and fines .
Similarly , environmental laws make firms liable for their toxic wastes , and many countries , including the US , have enshrined the principle that `` polluters pay , '' that is , companies must pay for the damage they cause .
The Truth and Reconciliation process may or may not work to heal South Africa 's wounds , but if corporations are to be provided with incentives to do the right thing , they must now pay the price for the profits that they reaped from that abhorrent system .
Every year , more than one million additional workers enter America 's labor force , and a functioning economy must find jobs for them .
For any fundamental reforms must address not only the difficult problems posed by the global reserve system and the burdens of risk borne by the developing countries , but also global governance .
The multilateral economic organizations must also hear from all concerned parties .
On exchange rates , for example , it is more sympathetic towards mixed systems - in contrast to the traditional belief that countries must choose between the extremes of a completely flexible system and a hard peg -LRB- of the kind that contributed so importantly to Argentina 's woes -RRB- .
Key players like the IMF and World Bank must become more transparent and their voting structures must be changed to reflect the current distribution of economic power - as opposed to that prevailing in 1945 - let alone to reflect basic democratic principles .
They stress that outsourcing cuts costs - just like a technological change that improves productivity , thus increasing profits - and what is good for profits must be good for the American economy .
After all , if America , with its relatively low level of unemployment and social safety net , finds it must take action to protect its workers and firms against competition from abroad - whether in software or steel - such action by developing countries is all the more justified .
But as an American , I am so horrified by what has happened in my country - and what my country has done to others over the past two years - that I feel I must speak out .
The results were perhaps obvious : more people live from agriculture in the developing world than from manufacturing , so agricultural liberalization must be high on the agenda .
Trade reforms must be sensitive to the effects on developing countries , many of which are net importers of subsidized agricultural commodities .
We know what must be done .
But there is a fundamental sense in which Bush , like Ken Lay , is culpable , and must be held accountable . Just as a CEO with a record not only of poor performance , but also of massive corporate misconduct , should be fired , so , too , should political leaders be held to a similar standard .
It may be unfortunate that Realpolitik is the order of the day , but it is , so others must learn to play the same game .
Within the United States , all major presidential appointments must be ratified by the Senate ; even if rejections are rare , the vetting process is important , for the president knows that he can go only so far .
Choices must be made , and choices matter .
In facing and planning for disasters , whether natural or man-made , we must do more than hope and pray for the best .
The United Nations ' sixtieth anniversary summit in September reflected its strengths and importance in the many areas in which the international community must work together .
Reaching political consensus on such complex issues is never easy , given the diversity of interests that must be addressed .
The US had made it clear that it would abide by only one outcome at the UN -- a principle under which no democratic body can operate , for to insist that a decision must accord with the wishes of one member is dictatorship . Subsequent events have shown how difficult it is -- even for the strongest country in the world -- to impose a stable democratic regime .
The UN is the international institution created for that purpose , and as the world changes , the UN must change with it .
The rest of the world must not embrace America 's unilateral approach : the multilateral trade system is too precious to allow it to be destroyed by a US President who has repeatedly shown his contempt for global democracy and multilateralism .
But conservatives have argued that in order to remain competitive in a global world , taxes must be cut and the welfare state reduced .
Of course , government , like the private sector , must strive for efficiency .
Finally , while developing countries must take responsibility for rooting out corruption , there is much that the West can do to help .
Of course , the Bank must do everything that it can to ensure that its money is well spent , which means fighting both corruption and incompetence .
By contrast , inflation `` hawks '' argue that inflation must be attacked preemptively .
There is a basic law in economics : the sum of the trade surpluses and deficits must add up to zero .
If some country has a surplus , another country must have a deficit .
Someone , however , must run a deficit , if others run a surplus .
Europe , with more people than any nation except China and India , and the largest GDP in the world , must become one of the central pillars of such a world by projecting what has come to be called `` soft power '' -- the power and influence of ideas and example .
For the sake of all of us , Europe must continue to speak out -- even more forcibly than it has in the past .
Likewise , while the European project sought to bring about the `` harmony '' of people living together in peace , we also must live in harmony with our environment -- the scarcest of all of our resources .
China 's New Economic Model China 's success since it began its transition to a market economy has been based on adaptable strategies and policies : as each set of problems are solved , new problems arise , for which new policies and strategies must be devised .
China knows that it must change if it is to have sustainable growth .
In fact , to meet the challenge of restructuring China 's economy away from exports and resource-intensive goods , China must stimulate consumption .
The World Bank , in its efforts to support democracy and good governance , must insist on the highest standards of due process : charges of corruption should be treated seriously , and the evidence turned over to national authorities for use in open , transparent , and independent proceedings .
Any candidate claiming to represent the interests of developing countries must distance himself from these policies .
The old boy system of choosing the head of the World Bank must go .
Third , the problem of global warming is so vast that every instrument must be employed .
Better incentives must be part of the solution . But there is a raging controversy over whether the Kyoto protocol 's cap-and-trade system or taxes work better .
Second , we must recognize that high prices can cause enormous stress , especially for lower-income individuals .
I was not arguing for protectionism , but rather sounding a cautionary note that we must be aware of the downside risks and be prepared to deal with them .
If we are to avoid an even stronger backlash against globalization , the West must respond quickly and strongly .
Bio-fuel subsidies , which have encouraged the shift of land from producing food into energy , must be repealed .
Investors in China must consider their vulnerability to negative publicity , and be confident that they can explain their position .
While Western firms investing in China must face the prospect of protest and criticism back home from pro-Tibet campaigners , some companies are coming under pressure in China itself .
Fiscal policy must , therefore , play a central role .
Not only must they contend with the prospect of falling exports and confidence ; they also are the latest victims of a financial crisis that started in the United States , traveled to Europe , and now has swept across their borders .
In order to shore up their financial systems and overall demand , emerging-market countries must be ready to take actions similar to those pursued by the advanced countries .
So the advanced countries must be ready to provide the required financing , and to do so on an unprecedented scale .
We must also think ahead -- especially in regard to low-income countries in Africa .
The priority for Africa and the international community must be to ensure that the continent weathers the global financial storm , preserves the significant achievements of the past decade , and continues to make decisive progress in combating poverty .
But the international community must stand ready to help .
 First , while there may be scope for fiscal stimulus in some countries , in many countries it is limited ; hence , the region as a whole must protect its hard-won low level of public debt .
As Africa and its partners navigate the financial storm together , we must ensure that the most vulnerable are not forgotten .
We must also ensure that solutions for strengthening financial stability and avoiding future turmoil -- the focus of April 's G-20 summit -- are discussed with all countries concerned .
But we must not lose sight of the longer-term challenges that will remain after the storm abates .
And , to ensure that everyone plays by the rules , financial institutions must be supervised intensively .
Moving to the broader economy , we have learned that growth must be balanced in order to be healthy .
But the common objective for fiscal policy must be to support durable medium-term growth and job creation .
We must reach across old dividing lines -- both within economies and between them -- and work together to build a stronger , more resilient global economy .
What Ma must do is forge a clearer consensus within Taiwan that the independence vs. unification issue is a phoney one .
Decent employment is the surest way for the poor to escape poverty , and must therefore be a priority of any serious effort to reduce poverty on a sustained basis .
But , as we respond to the current humanitarian emergency due to higher food prices , we must not lose sight of the longer-term problems that have undermined food security in recent decades .
To avoid catastrophe , the world community must also meet the urgent emergency food and planting requirements mentioned above , including more generous budget and balance-of-payments support for low-income food-importing countries .
Finally , as world leaders gather in Rome , the international community must secure a meaningful global commitment to food security that will not be undermined by contradictory policies .
In order to provide more energy to meet development goals without accelerating global warming , there must be a shift to a new energy infrastructure built around renewables -LRB- of which the most significant are probably solar power , wind , and biofuels -RRB- , cleaner coal , and carbon capture and storage .
Global leadership today seems to be held hostage by financial interests and associated media , ideologists , and oligarchs whose political influence enables them to secure more rents and pay lower taxes in what must truly be the most vicious of circles .
What is likely to happen when a large and heterogeneous coalition with barely a parliamentary majority must govern in an increasingly dire economic situation ?
An important reason for this is that , in order to create a successful market system , the state must respect basic individual rights : the rule of law , private property , and the enforcement of justice .
To achieve this , the United States and China must reconcile their very different views of how a market economy should operate .
But Japan 's government also must stop prevaricating with the Japanese people : it should welcome and encourage debate about Japan 's defense posture , without fearing that the US-Japan friendship is so fragile that it will be destroyed .
The benefits and burdens of international affairs must become subjects of open debate in the Japanese Diet .
Japan must avoid repeating the unseemly scenario following Saddam Hussein 's defeat in the Gulf War of 1991 , when it wrote large checks to cover the war 's costs , yet had no say in the war 's conduct or war aims .
Trade with a country with China 's human rights record must not only make economic sense ; it must also fit the wider aims of foreign policy .
The lesson is clear : security interests must come before business interests .
Iran also must be factored into this equation , as it is becoming a strategic investor by building an oil refinery just across its border in Armenia , partly as a security measure in case of a US attack and partly to relieve its petrol shortages .
But if Hasina is to succeed in continuing to blunt Islamism , she must address the fundamental problems that have destabilized Bangladeshi society for decades .
Beyond fighting corruption , Hasina must also ban all foreign donations to political parties , in particular the `` Wahhabi gold '' that Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states use to fund Islamist parties .
The 90th anniversary of the Armenian massacres of 1915 , ordered by the ruling Young Turks of the Ottoman Empire and carried out with the help of the Kurds , is another wound that will not heal , but one that must be treated if Turkey 's progress toward European Union membership is to proceed smoothly .
 The new state must guarantee that any minorities it drags along -- say , Russians in the Baltic states , or Serbs in Kosovo -- will be decently treated .
In particular the EU must resist calls for higher tariffs from southern European textile manufacturers , as these businesses have failed to restructure , despite ample warnings over the last decade to do so .
Bossi now knows that the first two promises can not be kept . So he must deliver on the third , or the League will be gravely wounded .
In Algeria in 1991 , it was civil-society activists who called for a military intervention against the Islamists ; in Tunisia in 2011 , all political actors seem to accept that the Islamists ' democratic credentials must be tested through elections , and that the outcome must be respected .
After all that has happened in recent weeks , the definition of `` success '' must be set low .
So a key goal of Clinton 's visit must be to pull together with the Asian leaders present at the ASEAN Regional Forum .
So diplomatic efforts must instead aim to join Americans and like-minded Asians in common cause , to push for steps forward in the medium to longer term .
Others must be brought on board , especially the Regional Forum hosts , ASEAN and Thailand .
China , Japan , and Indonesia must be among Obama 's priorities , but many others will clamor for him to visit their capitals .
Plans and resources now must be prepared .
By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Obama and his team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
American leadership -- globally and in Asia -- can no longer be presumed . It must be earned .
They must be pressed to see more than the opportunity for strategic access to energy and other natural resources .
Japan , too -- still the largest Asian economy and a traditional donor to the region -- must also play a role .
Even if , like an orchestra , different countries use different instruments and play different notes , the main theme must be consistent .
Of course , when Obama arrives in Beijing , he must continue to strengthen cooperation with China .
But the US must also engage in a more multilateral way to include Southeast Asia 's smaller countries .
China has been charming them over the past decade , and the US must offer an attractive alternative .
Moreover , the role and attitude of a rising China must be assessed on a regional basis , particularly given that the long-standing dispute over islets in the South China Sea may be entering a new phase .
But they also must acknowledge and attend to the post-crisis challenges facing the region as a whole .
I must abide by an outcome I oppose .
Even simple requests , like that of schoolgirls to wear headscarves in class , are suddenly freighted with immense political significance and treated as issues that must be resolved at the highest level of government .
It is vital that Africa and the international community take a stand against such strategies -- not only to defend the votes of Ivorians , but as a signal to others in the future that legitimate electoral results must be respected .
Moreover , Indian officials must still nurture the small , albeit growing , constituency that supports a rapidly transformed relationship with the US .
India , too , must do its part .
That effort must start now .
If we want Europe to be more legitimate , we must explain how to tie these two dimensions of power .
Of course , we must limit the scope of competition : there is no reason , for example , to extend it to taxation .
Elites must give up their privileges , and regulations on corporate governance must limit collusion between managers and civil servants or politicians .
We must explain to citizens Europe 's contribution to public ethics , and the democratic virtues of fair competition in economic , political , and social life .
Moreover , Europe must build up tools for strategic analysis , assessment , and forecasting to provoke and nourish public debate .
Such think tanks at the European level must remain free and independent , but leaders must learn to pay attention to and integrate their recommendations into the policy-making process .
But as the states wo n't be able to do everything alone and wo n't renounce maintaining political control , we must be able to link the Union 's policies and those of specific states .
As they dominated the world 's media for three gruesome days , the killers achieved a startling success for their cause , one that must have shaken anti-terrorist experts around the world , who now realize how easy it would be for ten men unafraid of death to hold any city in the world hostage .
Information is liberating in the traditional political sense of the term : the spread of information has had a direct impact on the degree of accountability and transparency that governments must deliver if they are to survive .
Indeed , economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line ; one must also think of the high-speed digital line , the fiber-optic line -- indeed , all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world .
The growth in mobile-telephone technology demonstrates that the digital divide is shifting , and the focus of development efforts must change with it .
Developed countries must make commitments to increase both the quantity and effectiveness of aid to developing countries .
Aid must help developing countries improve the welfare of their poorest populations according to their own development priorities .
Reporting requirements are onerous and often impose huge administrative burdens on developing countries , which must devote the scarce skills of educated , English-speaking personnel to writing reports for donors rather than running programs .
We must change the way the world goes about the business of providing development aid .
Violence begets violence , '' he memorably declared . `` We must meet the forces of hate with soul force . ''
Indeed , Gandhi can sound frighteningly unrealistic : `` The willing sacrifice of the innocent is the most powerful answer to insolent tyranny that has yet been conceived by God or man . Disobedience , to be ` civil , ' must be sincere , respectful , restrained , never defiant , and it must have no ill will or hatred behind it .
In August 2011 , India will preside over the Council by alphabetical rotation , and may find itself playing a key role in the election -LRB- most likely the re-election -RRB- of the UN Secretary-General , which must take place before the end of the year .
To change the world , we must change too .
Moreover , the huge problem with compliance , similar for all prophylactic treatments in medicine , must be addressed .
But this does not hold true in all countries or all age groups , so other factors must be influential , too .
While imports must , of course , be financed by exports , the focus on trade competitiveness is drawing attention away from Europe 's underlying problem -- very weak productivity growth .
We now know that the best credit must stand behind the rest , or else bear runs , such as those that have derailed Greece , Ireland , and Portugal -- and that now threaten to do the same to Italy and Spain -- are inevitable .
For this reason alone , the IAEA 's board must refer Iran to the Security Council for further actions , as required by the agency 's charter .
Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi declared in June 2004 that Iran `` wo n't accept any new obligations , '' and must `` be recognized by the international community as a member of the nuclear club . ''
These countries are increasing their efforts to prepare for EU admission , and the EU must not shut its doors on them .
But there must be no softening of the criteria for joining the euro .
The EU drew the right conclusions when it stressed that national bank rescue packages must not be designed in ways that starve subsidiaries , and also by doubling -- to  50 billion -- the crisis funds available to EU countries outside the euro zone .
The EU must not stand aside when solidarity is needed .
We must reckon with a huge increase in bankruptcies -- as well as with impaired credit markets and high unemployment .
And a non-fact is that the next 12 months will be smooth sailing . On the contrary , serious challenges remain , and they must be addressed with urgency .
In view of the rising burden of diabetes and other chronic diseases throughout the world , urgent attention must be devoted to strengthening surveillance systems for noncommunicable diseases at all levels -- from local practices to global institutions .
Only if one musters the courage to envision the bomber and the lunchbox at the same time is it possible to comprehend the tragic vision of history that Hiroshima -- like other episodes that have seared our modern conscience -- most clearly represents .
Of course , civilized countries should not give up the fight against extremist Islam because of the bloodshed in Iraq ; but we must recognize that war , occupation , and forced submission to military power have merely caused mass humiliation and resentment among many ordinary Muslims -- emotions that are then channeled into terrorist networks .
Above all , it is to acknowledge that democratic societies must use both political and police tactics in confronting fanatical terrorists .
Police actions must be merciless , even if this means more controls and surveillance .
The West can and must prevail in this fight and in the defense of the values that it cherishes .
Bolivians must recognize that there is a real chance to avoid this risky course .
The first step must be recognition that the Monroe Doctrine is dead and can not be revived .
The `` war on drugs '' must end , and that requires worldwide changes in drug-control policies that , unfortunately , no anti-femicide initiative mentions .
But Kenyans must not let themselves get too carried away by this political victory ; our country will not change at the stroke of a pen .
As a result , the Fund must change , reinforcing its supervisory role and its capacity to oversee members ' compliance with their obligation to contribute to financial stability .
If the IMF is to provide short-term liquidity to members in need , a crucial question that must be resolved is whether such financial assistance should be available only to those with strong macroeconomic fundamentals .
The IMF must change this . `` Normal access '' should be raised to levels that are concomitant with members ' potential need to borrow , and a new liquidity line to provide reliable and meaningful front-loaded financial support should be created .
Of course , confrontation with America must be avoided .
They remain convinced that Russia is a great power , but one that for now must act primarily as a regional one .
In pursuing these goals , Russia must remember that imperialism is expensive and will incite confrontation with the West .
It must also remember that for the CIS countries , sovereignty primarily means independence from Russia .
If Russia is to move forward , its high and mighty must agree about who owns what , who makes the rules , and how to change the rules .
So Russia 's current agenda must be more about freedom than democracy .
Neither the government nor the current opposition possesses it , which means that Russians must look beyond Putin 's Russia .
The West must recognize where Russia stands on history 's timeline and not seek to wish this away .
To modernize Russia , one must break the stranglehold of corruption , establish accountability , and free the media .
Eurasian economic integration , if it stands a chance , must follow a different path .
But , to be effective , any new deal to promote trade must involve more than a new set of international institutions .
This is true , but it is only half the story , for it ignores how , at crucial moments in history , free trade has mustered the support of the many winners .
The contest over the election results is a political issue that must be resolved politically .
We may have moments of fear in the days ahead , but we must never let despair overwhelm us .
The tide of political change is irreversible . But we must be prepared to pay a high price for our freedom .
These are the heroes of the new Zimbabwe whose voices must be heard around the world .
I understand why . But they must wait peacefully for the political process to unfold .
While all other large European countries abolished military conscription in recent decades , Russia continues with a system in which all physically-fit male citizens aged 18 to 27 must serve for 12 months .
The chairman of a board must serve the interests of the company -- often at the expense of its competitors .
But a government official must pursue the public interest , which includes preserving a competitive environment in the oil or banking sector .
Given their importance , the new chairs must have the necessary skills and integrity .
Even though actual enlargement of the eurozone remains in the relatively distant future - the earliest possible date being January 2007 - the accession countries must prepare their entry strategies well in advance .
Instead , the political system -LRB- and the media -RRB- must adapt to the new reality .
Market efficiency and market completion theories can help reassure major financial institutions ' top executives that they must in some subtle way be doing God 's work , even when it looks at first sight as if some of their trading is simply speculation .
For , while the simplified pre-crisis conventional wisdom appeared to provide a complete set of answers resting on a unified intellectual system and methodology , really good economic thinking must provide multiple partial insights , based on varied analytical approaches .
But we must not confuse `` necessary '' with `` sufficient '' ; there is a danger that an exclusive focus on institutions that are too big to fail could divert us from more fundamental issues .
But it must not take another Hiroshima or Nagasaki -- or an even greater disaster -- before they finally wake up and recognize the urgent necessity of nuclear disarmament .
One standard must apply to all countries : zero .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
Instead of investing in weapons of mass annihilation , governments must allocate resources towards meeting human needs .
The only obstacle we face in abolishing nuclear weapons is a lack of political will , which can -- and must -- be overcome .
Such a treaty is feasible and must be urgently pursued .
We must stop believing in imported cures .
We must begin to understand that no one can help Ukraine save we Ukrainians .
We must apply our own talents and intellect , not wait for handouts from abroad .
Ukrainians must vote for parties headed by leaders that they know and trust .
So we must not be tricked by the fact that those who gained economic power by looting state assets now employ lawyers , invoke free market nostrums , and claim to follow the letter of the law .
Many economists also believe that ownership of stolen goods must be recognized .
Indeed , the denial that men may be arbitrary is the higher law by which we must govern .
Ukraine must continue in this way if our people are to trust the law and their institutions .
We must give up the hope of liberty within an ordered society and market and resign ourselves to that interminable war of all against all of which Hobbes spoke .
To escape from want we are told we must embrace illegality .
To promote the truth , we are told that old crimes - even the beheading of a journalist and the poisoning of our president - must not be closely examined .
It must consider where and in what sort of Europe it fits , what balance it should strike between Russia and the European Union , and how it should find the self-assurance needed to play its full part in world affairs .
Europe must play its part as Ukraine redefines its historic ties to Russia , and its actions must do nothing to undermine Ukraine 's national independence -- or , indeed , that of any of the countries that emerged from the Soviet Union 's breakup .
Today 's crisis over gas supplies must not be overblown .
A viable Russia policy for Europe must recognize Europe 's growing dependence on Russian energy resources .
Gazprom 's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed , which requires allowing independent producers to prosper . Indeed , independent producers already account for 20 % of domestic gas sales in Russia .
The hard-fought independence of the former Soviet republics must not be tacitly traded away in acquiescence to Russia 's desire for regional hegemony .
If Russia is to be a serious partner for Europe , it must be ready to accept the obligations of stability along with the benefits .
If Europe is to ensure its prosperity and energy security , it must demand nothing less .
Israel , like Turkey and the US , must be hoping that Turkmenistan 's new rulers will seek to diversify gas distribution by adopting a project to build a gas pipeline beneath the Caspian Sea .
Europe must send a clear signal that Ukraine , unlike Czechoslovakia to Neville Chamberlain in 1938 , is not some faraway place of which it knows little , but rather an integral part of the European project .
A singular vision has always animated this process : animosity between neighbors must not be allowed to fester , and the rule of law must reign not just within countries , but also between them .
The first lesson of European unity is that times of crisis must draw the continent closer together , not divide it through protectionism , competitive devaluations , and expulsions of immigrants .
Similarly , the euro must not be allowed to become an Iron Curtain that consigns non-members to a high-risk zone where investors dare not venture .
Just as the US Federal Reserve has engaged in credit and currency swaps with Brazil , Mexico , Singapore , and South Korea and other countries to ease their access to the dollars they need , the European Central Bank must offer such swap arrangements to Europe 's non-euro countries in order for trade and production processes to continue .
So Ukrainians must find another legitimate means to restore their democratic choice .
Parliament must impeach President Kuchma .
To be effective , elections must be preceded by an extensive debate , in which political arguments are made , attacked , defended , and , ultimately , embodied in ideologically coherent party organizations .
Moreover , democracy must be rooted in the rule of law .
There must be accepted rules that are binding on everyone in politics , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
Those who engage in them must be seen as democracy 's enemies and treated as such .
The rest of the world must not turn a blind eye to authoritarian backsliding .
They must never be asked , or forced , to pay it again .
Its pillars -- private , voluntary associations , decentralization of the state , and delegation of political power to independent bodies -- must be nurtured patiently and from below .
From his prison cell awaiting his execution by Hitler 's Gestapo , Dietrich Bonhoeffer declared that we must all `` share in God 's suffering . '' Indifference for Bonhoeffer was not only a sin , but also a type of punishment .
So puissant a Caesar must be above reproach .
The constitution must be reformed , but not to shift power from one unaccountable leader to another .
Nor do I believe that Russia is so inherently autocratic that democracy must invariably fail .
But I do believe that , for these canards to be discarded , Russia and Ukraine must open themselves to global competition , not isolate themselves with each other .
Now , more than ever , we must believe this , for Russian troops wearing Ukrainian uniforms have entered our country , because Ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy .
Now we must lead a nation in which -- thanks to the cynical ploys and hate-filled rhetoric of a discredited regime -- some sections seem to be set against the democracy we seek to build .
For we need no reminding of what must be Ukraine 's priority .
In economic terms , such demand is highly `` inelastic '' : the mandate must be met at any price .
In addition , the fact that nearly 40 % of the US corn crop is being used for ethanol , up from around 5 % a few years ago , means that corn prices must be higher to meet the feed , export , and ethanol demands for corn .
Some argue that gas might be a better alternative to hydro or coal , but for countries that must import much of their gas the benefits of a stable and reliable source of cheap fuel in the form of coal present a very strong counter-argument to the capital costs of a gas plant .
It must be mined with greater efficiency and with a view to mitigating the environmental impact .
Africa 's mineral-rich countries must exploit their abundant natural resources .
They must use coal to advance their economic development .
Failure to do so would be a missed opportunity at a time when African countries must avail themselves of all available resources for poverty reduction .
Although educational possibilities and structures have gradually been diversified , the major shortcoming of most European educational systems remains : students have too few choices , and teachers , if they want to remain in their profession , must adhere to a severely compartmentalized pedagogy .
But schools must be able to meet the needs and abilities of individual children in a way that makes learning a stimulating adventure .
But , while everyone must follow these rules , individual schools are run in a competitive manner .
A community where a private school offers its services must support it with the same amount of money , or vouchers , per student that it provides to public schools .
This must have made the retreat doubly painful for the generals , as ASEAN was previously one of the junta 's strongest shields against international pressure .
In order for HIV\/AIDS programs to be effective and sustainable , affected communities must have the freedom to organize and empower themselves .
This is why we feel obligated to call on the highest levels of the international community -- including the UN Security Council -- to address the question of Burma , for we must show that we are serious about peace , democracy , and human rights . The courageous people of Burma , like people everywhere around the world , deserve what far too many of us take for granted .
Europe and the G8 must act .
The demonstrations that will rock European cities the day Iraq is attacked must be counteracted in advance by unequivocal European statements to that effect .
To increase its effectiveness , the mistrust that permeates Unasur must be quelled , and the goals of member states must be more clearly defined .
Omar Suleiman 's appointment as Vice-President -LRB- and heir-apparent -RRB- indicates that the army has accepted that Mubarak must leave sooner or later .
The regime is past reforming , and must give way to a new democratic republic , with a new constitution .
Europe and the US must be as supportive of democracy in the Mediterranean region as they are within Europe itself .
They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two-state solution .
For the EU to succeed , it must pursue the policy launched by the French Presidency , giving priority to stopping the war and distancing itself from Israel 's disproportionate use of force .
In short , it must accept a Palestinian state , through deeds as well as words .
Since no one will save Argentina , Argentines must save themselves .
Today , that market is dead and the money must go elsewhere .
The conclusion is clear : Greece 's debt-service burden is too large , and it must be reduced .
Like cars on a highway , some may drive more slowly than others , but there are minimum and maximum speeds and all must go with the flow of traffic .
Moreover , all motorists must respect the rules of the road , and anyone who breaches them must be held to account , and possibly penalized , because even one rogue driver will most likely cause a major pile-up if not stopped .
The IDB and the US government must take responsibility for their actions and implement the necessary transparency mechanisms to ensure that such abuses do not recur . Congressional inquiries and annual reviews of the Treasury Department by the Government Accountability Office could provide the oversight necessary to prevent future political misuse of the IDB and its funds .
Given the need for Europe 's leadership and commitment to multilateralism in a post-American world -- now catalyzed by the crises just to its south -- European foreign policy must grow up fast .
`` No way , '' argued Boris . `` To be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss .
Governments must also identify radical tendencies within Europe 's Muslim communities and devise strategies to counteract them .
Europe 's experience over the past 10 years teaches that fiscal consolidation must be supported by growth-friendly tax and spending policies .
Both spending and taxes must be used to strengthen the incentives to work , invest , and innovate .
Such abuses have emerged when preventive institutionalization has passed constitutional muster , as in the laws some US states have enacted in order to incarcerate `` sexually violent predators . ''
Americans must acknowledge that educational and medical privacy laws require limited exceptions for notification of family and authorities when clear signs of severe mental illness surface , so that colleges and other institutions can take timely action .
That record must not be wasted .
While only four ICTY indictees remain at large , two fugitives -- Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic -- are among the most notorious suspects who must face justice before the ICTY 's work can be considered complete .
While the World Food Programme feeds North Korea 's six million children , 17 million adults must fend for themselves . -LRB- A `` military first '' program ensures diverts most supplies to North Korea 's huge standing army and bureaucracy . -RRB-
One key reason must be the historical experience of the Sinhalese .
Second , consolidation of Europe 's banking sector must be extended , with all protectionist barriers or other obstacles to mergers and acquisitions eliminated .
What information requirements must banks comply with ?
What formalities must customers complete if they want to open an account in another EU country ?
This lack of uniformity is preventing both banks and consumers from doing more cross-border business , and it is where policymakers must act ; only harmonized rules and EU-wide standards will eliminate costly and time-consuming compliance with different national regimes .
But in the European way of thinking , democracy must be spread pacifically , by persuasion , not by force of arms .
How long must we be prisoners of that historical experience ?
Writers Parag Khanna and Fareed Zakaria have regurgitated those made by Kennedy , Nye , and forebears like Hedley Bull in asserting that the US must lead the world away from a `` new medievalism '' amid the `` rise of the rest '' and the relative stagnation of the `` West . ''
According to Jean-Marie Guehenno , the head of UN peacekeeping operations , any hybrid force must be `` robust '' because of the `` very challenging '' situation in Darfur .
Russia 's military also must compete with foreign customers for those few warplanes , tanks , and other sophisticated weapons that are produced .
Today , however , the real threats to the majority of the world 's population stems from dangers almost unknown back then : poverty , hunger , population growth , migration , the environment , and the like . For the UN to meet these challenges , its very structure must change .
Because these institutions do not exist , the UN must now invent them .
But solidarity also must be recognized within the real power structures of the UN .
China 's government must acknowledge that deep income inequality and rural poverty is no longer exclusively an economic problem , but threatens social peace and political stability .
The idea that talking about trauma must be better than `` repressing '' or `` bottling up '' accords with a long tradition in psychological treatment - `` better out than in . ''
So we must reassess how we respond to trauma .
Compulsory debriefing , which is still used in some organizations , must cease forthwith .
However , expansion must go hand-in-hand with institutional reforms that improve both the EU 's capacity to act and its democratic legitimacy .
But the EU still must prove to the countries seeking to join it that the Union is a truly open , democratic society of the type they have struggled to make of themselves .
That question has practical implications , for if the EU is to manifest itself as a free and open society it must assure its ability to function both effectively and efficiently when expansion takes place .
Here is where the constitutional assembly underway in Brussels can and must link enlargement with reform of the Union , for enlargement must also be used to strengthen the transparency and democratic legitimacy of the EU .
Both must change .
The European parliament must exercise effective democratic control on the European level .
It must receive full sovereignty over EU budget-making and the right to sign-off on all decisions taken by a qualified majority in the Council .
As to the EU 's executive , the Commission , or at least its president , must be elected - in the long-term it may be elected directly by European citizens , and in the interim , at least by members of the European parliament .
As the Union reforms itself internally to strengthen its democratic character and become a truly open society , it must not close itself off from those outside it .
The Union must see to it that this border is not a new wall dividing Europe , and that the zone of stability and prosperity it has created for its members spreads to the EU 's eastern neighbors as well .
The starting point for the West in trying to assist Egypt 's transition must be recognition that patient , long-term engagement will be required .
Moreover , both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe , and properly designed , non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy .
Finally , product labels must reflect negative or equivocal results , not just those that are positive .
But if real change is to come to Belarus , this alliance must endure and persevere beyond the election .
Toxicity can be evaluated by putting buckyballs into a fish tank , but we must also find out whether buckyballs would ever actually arrive in a real world `` fish tank `` such as a lake or river .
Most importantly , these and other reforms - such as new transportation systems and a public-health system based on family doctors - must be undertaken with the participation of the people affected .
Nevertheless , China must be careful when implementing RMB appreciation .
So Japan-bashing continued under a new guise : the additional demand that Japan must remove its `` structural impediments '' to import .
To jump-start progress , all NPT signatories should re-affirm that the Treaty 's provisions are mutually reinforcing and must be pursued jointly and faithfully .
Each of these crises calls for urgent action . But as a new Asia Society task force argues , in tackling them the world must not lose sight of the great promise of the India-U.S. relationship .
We concluded that the US must ensure that its policies do not inadvertently support or encourage authoritarian and corrupt elements in Burmese society .
In adjusting its policy toward Burma , the US must face reality with a clear vision of what its foreign policy can achieve .
Just as sex criminals -- and the leaders who directed the use of rape and sexual abuse as a military strategy -- were tried and sentenced after the wars in Bosnia and Sierra Leone , so Americans must hold accountable those who committed , or authorized , sex crimes in US-operated prisons .
Finally , one must ask : is there a psychological element to the US requirement of submission to genital groping by uniformed officials ?
Instead , we have stereotypes about how `` real '' rape victims must look and act in order to be taken seriously .
Feminists have long argued that rape must be treated like any other crime .
If one makes a serious criminal accusation , one must wish to be treated -- and one must treat oneself -- as a moral adult .
Why , for example , in a case that is so dependent on public opinion -- and on which so much depends -- must Assange face allegations that may have grave consequences for him , while his accusers remain hidden ?
Moreover , unlike America , Western Europe must live with the uneasy conscience stirred by immigrants whose very presence serves as a reminder of a history of colonialism .
There is a speech that we still need to hear , detailing five tasks that , in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration , he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders .
`` After closing Guantnamo Bay and forbidding torture , we must repeal the Patriot Act , thereby restoring the Constitution 's restraints against warrantless wiretapping and surveillance .
`` Second , though we have closed the prisons , we must seek the forgiveness of our fellow nations for the horrors that we committed or with which we colluded by engaging in state-sanctioned torture and `` extraordinary rendition '' of detainees to countries that torture .
`` Third , we must have a special prosecutor to prosecute the culpable .
`` Finally , we must ensure that this darkness never descends again .
As a starting point , we must recognize the fundamental imbalance in the global environmental equation .
Rich countries ' larger contribution to environmental damage means that they must shoulder greater responsibility for fixing the problem .
 Developed countries must set the example by moving toward environmentally friendly production and consumption patterns , including more control of greenhouse gas emissions and use of innovative mechanisms such as Carbon Funds to buy offsets -LRB- reductions in greenhouse gases -RRB- from developing countries .
Richer countries must also increase bilateral and multilateral aid commitments .
 Developing countries must improve their policies governing the critical sectors of water , energy , transport and trade , including pricing policies .
Beyond this , environmental concerns must be integrated more fully into development policymaking .
 The international community must make a much more serious commitment to renewable energy , efficiency , and other environmentally friendly energy sources .
For the sake of our children and our children 's children , we must act now .
Greater effort , in the form of research and resources , must be invested in better understanding the hopes and aspirations of young people .
While we must address these imbalances of globalization , we must also take advantage of the opportunities it presents .
We must set our priorities around their need for more opportunities , jobs , and social justice .
Officials at the US Department of Transportation must appreciate that their decision to fund Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's visionary project , called PlaNYC , will determine the quality of air that more than 10 million New Yorkers breathe daily and the amount of carbon dioxide emissions the city coughs into the atmosphere .
More importantly , officials must realize that their actions will shape America 's response to the global challenge of unparalleled urbanization and carbon-induced climate change .
Whether it is coastal versus inland or rural versus urban , these countries must tackle the widening disparities , because high inequality may well threaten their very ability to continue growing as they have .
If we are to create a more equitable world , then traditional levers of development such as trade , investment , aid , and migration need to be scaled up comprehensively and coherently , and global institutions must be reformed .
Some argue that rapid productivity gains from new technology , increased competition due to globalization , and the rise of internet-based electronic commerce created a world in which firms must steadily lower prices .
Since Hong Kong 's currency board prevents inflation in HK dollar prices , the HK dollar prices of local goods must fall .
So policymakers must prevent deflationary expectations from ever taking root by targeting a sufficiently high inflation rate at all times .
Automobile manufacturers still bend steel into vehicles that generally must be powered by petroleum-based fuels .
While both policies must be regarded as successes , over the years the family planning program has contributed to an aging population that may diminish China 's attractiveness as a low-cost , labor-intensive manufacturing hub .
All it means is that , if we want to live harmoniously with another species in our most intimate places , we must recognize that some of the time our preferred modes of reasoning are not theirs .
We must try to understand dogs on their own terms , and help them to understand us .
A solution must be found elsewhere .
Decisions on such issues can not be delegated ; they must remain in the hands of elected governments and be subject to parliamentary approval and oversight .
So what Europe must to do is clear .
Because all EU member countries must ratify the constitution , a French `` Non '' will , in effect , kill it .
Clearly , if reforms are to be carried out in Europe , something else must be tried .
It might be expensive to compensate all potential losers , but we must put our money where our mouth is ; if a reform is certain to pay off handsomely , it will pay for the buy-offs , and more .
Developed country Parties to the KP , collectively , must reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by at least 25-40 % below their 1990 level by 2020 .
But since climate change is a more far-reaching and serious challenge , the world must not waver in its determination and commitment to addressing it .
Bankruptcy Comes to China BEIJING -- China 's businessmen have always needed resilience , but now they must become accustomed to the specter of bankruptcy .
Unlike the Bankruptcy Law , the administrative procedure has a different hierarchy of liquidation priorities : what a bankrupt SOE owes to its employees and the resettlement charges must be covered first and foremost by its total assets , including the enterprise 's collateral , in order to reduce dependence on local governmental budgets .
And if the liquidation rate for creditors ' common claims is defined as no lower than that at the time the draft restructuring plan was submitted for approval , compensation must be considered in the event that payment is delayed .
The law must contain specific provisions regarding such matters in order to ensure successful listing of restructuring firms .
If Hamas is to survive the war , it must demonstrate that its resistance resulted in a permanent opening of Gaza 's border crossings , especially in Rafah .
Emirs who need parliamentary approval to secure popular legitimacy must now reckon with the need to share power .
The task for Western policymakers is to recognize the interconnection of foreign and domestic policies . They must become serious about backing legitimate democratic representation in Muslim countries , for only then will Western policy seem less hypocritical .
They must also ensure that career choices are as open to their Muslim citizens as they are to everyone else .
But Iran has resources that Cambodia and Laos could never muster ; indeed , its ability to retaliate could set the entire region ablaze .
The mission must therefore walk a fine line to bridge the country 's communal divisions , which will be possible only with a clear understanding of Lebanon and the wider Middle East .
Europe must also recognize why leaders like Hezbollah 's Sheikh Hasan Nasrullah are popular .
If the EU mission is to compete successfully against Lebanon 's Islamists and populists , it must start thinking seriously about a social agenda that appeals to the poor .
Both agreed that reform must be slow , cautious and that it must never undermine established institutions , especially religion and the patriarchal family .
Members of the religious police remain adamant that the country 's Christian guests must continue to live according to strict Wahhabi rules of behavior .
Instead of exporting radicalism , Saudi Arabia must start importing Yemeni manpower by lifting its ban on Yemeni workers .
The GCC can and must assume that role .
Instead , the conference must aim to address broader issues of political and social stability within Yemen .
The US and Britain , both patrons of the GCC , must encourage its members to include Yemen if they want to solve its problems . Yemenis are known as skilled labourers .
If the regime is to forge a survival strategy , it must now re-examine its foundations .
For the regime to embrace peoples it has excluded , it must agree on inclusiveness -- and the tolerance of non-Wahhabi forms of Islam -- as a survival strategy and stick to it .
They realize that the al-Saud must choose : continue on the narrow path of repression and ethnic and religious intolerance , or adopt a more open and inclusive policy .
The al-Saud religious alliance with the Wahhabis and the latter 's control of a rigid religious educational system must change .
Above all , the ongoing six-party talks -LRB- China , the US , Japan , Russia , South Korea , and North Korea -RRB- that have sought to bring North Korea 's nuclear program to an end must not become a casualty of the missile launch .
In dealing with North Korea , two fundamental issues must be addressed .
When they do , both sides must spend an enormous amount of time and effort in reaching a consensus on North Korea , which leaves the isolated North breeding all sorts of conspiracy theories .
Any unilateral measures against North Korea by individual countries must be executed within the broader framework of the new resolution .
And , even if new sanctions are imposed , the door to the Six-Party Talks must be left open for Kim Jong-il .
In this eyeball-to-eyeball situation , the other five parties in the talks -- China , Japan , Russia , the United States , and South Korea -- must not give in first to North Korea .
After tough and effective UN-led sanctions are imposed , the concerned parties must wait until North Korea feels the pain of the economic squeeze .
The two current leaders in Korea must not repeat the mistake of their predecessors in the latter part of the nineteenth century .
There must be a clear border between the two .
Second , a generous -LRB- and , with time , growing -RRB- quota should be set for Palestinian laborers to work in Israel -- indeed , they must be allowed to work in the very agricultural centers around Gaza which were the most affected by the rocket attacks .
Above all , we must assure that the armistice has its own dynamic .
So this truce must be seen not as a piece of paper with some legal significance , but as a young plant that needs to be tended to , watered , nursed , and protected , so that it grows into a strong and robust tree that can not be uprooted with an occasional Qassam rocket or a stray grenade .
We Israelis must begin to realize this simple fact : the Arabs are not metaphysical creatures , but human beings , and human beings have it within themselves to change .
The world must therefore be alert , so that this hatred does not reawaken and direct itself against Jews or other peoples .
To make a real difference , especially in the near term , the world must combine mitigation and adaptation with increased research and development into carbon-saving and sequestering technology , which in turn requires designing and exploiting market-based incentives .
Thus , South Korea and the international community must respond firmly .
A UN Security Council resolution denouncing North Korea 's brutal attack on the Cheonan must be an essential part of any international diplomatic response .
The world must develop a more carefully calibrated policy toward North Korea , one aimed at simultaneously implementing denuclearization and economic reform .
Conservatives in both the United States and South Korea may argue that North Korea must first move toward denuclearization before any kind of economic assistance is offered .
But there is no reason why international efforts to ensure North Korea 's denuclearization must preclude policies aimed at bringing about domestic reform .
Thus , the first task for the G-20 meeting on November 11-12 in Seoul must be to revitalize and strengthen the IMF and global financial regulation .
The US must also calculate what the Europeans will accept .
These clashing interests will be played out after September 25 , when the two-month period during which Lebanon 's parliament must elect a president begins .
An eight-lane highway must carry traffic to generate tolls .
China 's official position is that , to avoid the negative impact of a stronger RMB on China 's exports and hence employment , appreciation must proceed in an autonomous , gradual , and controllable manner .
The Chinese government must , therefore , strike a balance between protecting China 's export sector and preserving its national welfare .
And , since the UK does n't produce low-end manufactures anymore , they must be imported .
Yet skeptics might say : must we really add yet another set of letters to the alphabet soup of global bureaucracy ? My answer is yes .
At the same time , we must face the facts : fossil fuels will not last forever , and some supplies may dwindle soon .
But it must be ready to make some tough choices -- and study the region 's existing success stories .
We can and must avoid the Garden of Eden Syndrome .
So must the US .
First , the Iraqi government must immediately establish `` Protection of Women '' security patrols in Iraq 's southern cities .
These patrols must receive gender-sensitive training and prioritize women 's security over tribal or fundamentalist religious values .
Second , pursuant to its obligations under the Geneva Convention , the US must immediately take steps to protect the lives and freedoms of Iraqi civilians . Unless the US does so , it must withdraw from Iraq , because the occupation would merely continue to sustain a breeding ground for violence against women .
It must begin today .
African governments also must be willing to start small : expend a lot of effort to attract pilot projects in the hope of larger employment in the future .
? Greater Competitiveness : African leaders have been slow to realize that they must woo foreign corporations with special services , training programs for workers , and even subsidized offices .
But you must have the resources , the support .
`` So I must help them one by one . ''
In a region that reveres the elderly , Zuma 's attachment to his rural traditions must be matched by an equal openness to the appetites of the country 's youth .
Somehow Zuma must find a way to honor his own generation 's commitment to racial justice and national liberation , while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain .
As we approach the next climate-change summit in Cancn , Mexico , this December , the international community must deliver concrete results and move forward to address the challenge .
Policymakers must recognize that the Chinese model includes features peculiar to its gradual introduction of market mechanisms -- which , compared to IP 's new converts , represents a move in the opposite ideological direction .
Many other developing countries simply can not emulate this success in all respects ; they must formulate plans specific to their own natural endowments , institutions , and business environments .
Industrial policies must be based on a country 's factor endowments , and should build on concrete opportunities to integrate industries and firms in global value chains -- for example , by deepening existing linkages with international production networks and export markets -- while avoiding overinvestment in international growth laggards .
While this argument suggests that the global trading system must make more room for a rising China -LRB- and India -RRB- , it overlooks the need to address the enormous structural problems in China 's domestic sectors if export-led growth is to become sustainable .
In economic terms , China has no choice : it must remove the structural obstacles that stand in the way of rapid growth over the next decade or two .
Thus China does what it must , shoring up the Kim family dynasty to prevent Korea from reunifying on South Korean terms .
China 's fears could be addressed by greater international collaboration , but China must be willing to cooperate as well , and , as we have seen again in recent days , it is unlikely to be forced out of its indecisiveness .
Second , legal theory must reconsider the extent to which powerful situational and systemic factors should be taken into account in punishing individuals .
We must teach people , especially our children , to think of themselves as `` heroes-in-waiting , '' ready to take heroic action in a particular situation that may occur only once in their lifetime .
The decisions that Congress must make now will affect not only the US economy 's short-term prospects , but will shape the type of capitalism that we will have for the next 50 years .
First of all , even for someone with the best incentives , it is difficult to choose a smaller cost that must be paid now over a larger cost that might fall due in the future .
Unfortunately , one must wonder to what extent these ratings are distorted by the eurozone countries ' political power .
Over-the-counter trading also contributes to the opacity of derivatives markets , further reducing competition and increasing the margin enjoyed by the traders -- and the prices that final users -LRB- mostly industrial firms -RRB- must pay .
The new multilateralism must maximize the strengths of interdependent and overlapping actors and institutions , public and private .
It is a positive step that leaders of major developed economies are now meeting with leaders from the rising economic powers . But the poorest developing countries must not be left out in the cold .
The goal must be to build an inclusive and sustainable globalization .
In this environment , the global commitment to provide development assistance to the poorest countries must be paramount .
