Whether or not the government was involved , the fact remains that Pakistan has lost a desperately needed leader .
The new Pakistani government needs to explain this to the West in order to keep its support .
It needs to be given time to find a way out of the endless cycle of violence .
India also needs to look inward , as anti-Muslim violence in Gujarat and the activities of Hindu fundamentalist groups have potentially created recruitment opportunities for Muslim extremists within India .
While poor law enforcement needs urgent attention , counter-terrorism is never solely a military affair .
Only one condition should be imposed on aid for Pakistan : the first money should be spent on rebuilding all the bombed-out girls ' schools in Swat . If need be , the army should guard these schools around the clock .
The Afghan Taliban , removed from power and routed from the country by the end of 2001 , needed only a few years to revive itself , owing to the failure of the Afghan government and its international backers to rebuild and stabilize the country .
Financially insolvent and politically paralyzed , Pakistan needs international help to bring development to its liberated tribal areas and hope to the young people -- 65 % of the population -- who live there .
Consequently , the need for drastic change in the structure and style of a previously reality-impaired regime has finally begun to sink in .
The point is to allow for some debate to take place in the hope of producing the sorely needed vision of change .
The power to tax is thought to make government debt safer : private borrowers have no right to the profits or wages that they need to satisfy their obligations .
A long overdue diplomatic offensive needs to be launched to undercut Russian arguments as well as remind the world of what happened in Kosovo .
Facing economic stagnation and what Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei calls `` the anarchy of weapons , '' a succession struggle is the last thing Palestinians need .
Abbas will thus need to find support within this rising generation of nationalist leaders if he is to succeed .
Abbas and other PA officials stress the need for `` one regime , one legal system , and political pluralism . ''
He successfully persuaded Palestinian militants to hold their fire and show Israelis and the world that dismantling settlements need not involve Israeli-Palestinian violence .
There are new ways of directing aid to where it is most needed .
Driven by real needs on the ground , projects are designed and implemented by recipients , and its procedures and operations are transparent .
A comprehensive response to AIDS , TB and malaria is needed .
Investments in effective prevention , treatment and research in 2005 and 2006 will save millions of lives , lessen the socio-economic impact of the diseases in poorer countries , and remove the need for increased spending on these chronic crises in the future .
Second , there is the relationship between oil prices and the need for income diversification in the oil-producing countries .
It needs to be built .
We need a missile-defense system that includes not just all NATO countries , but Russia , too .
We need a decision , by NATO 's next summit in November , that missile defense is an Alliance mission , and that we will explore every opportunity to cooperate with Russia .
An increase in military spending , in conjunction with an enforcement of the stability pact , should bring about a trimming of the non-defense budget : the public sector wage bill and a welfare state grown far beyond the goal of supporting the incomes of the poor , would of necessity need to be trimmed sharply .
But diplomatic explanations are not what Argentina needs .
It does not need to waste scarce money on diplomacy of dubious value -- not when the country lacks an agency dedicated to helping Argentine businessmen sell their goods abroad .
When a country reaches the point that it needs all its exports to service its national debt , and the size of the export sector is fixed , nothing is left to pay for imports .
Of course , this will depress real wages and consumption , because the rise in peso revenues will be used instead to finance the investment needed to expand the export sector .
If you are a closed and inward-looking country , you are bound to need lots of psychologists .
Why is it so difficult to implement the deregulation needed to make an economy more competitive ?
An analogous `` all or nothing '' procedure was used in the US in the 1980s to close unneeded military bases .
In turn , the high tax rates needed to support the old discourage the young from working , creating a vicious cycle : ever increasing tax rates on a disappearing labor force , lower growth rates , and fewer resources available to support those that retire at 60 and live into their 90 's .
But with fewer children , higher tax rates are needed to support the growing army of the old .
Regulation of markets does need to be coordinated ; but it also needs to be eliminated in many cases .
After all , good sheriffs need active citizens to be in their posses and to serve on juries .
Clean capitalism needs the same sort of widespread engagement .
The silver lining is that the European welfare state does indeed need trimming !
Given Western Europe 's growing need for labor in the years ahead , the question is not whether to have immigration , but only where that immigration is going to come from .
If Western Europe needs an explanation as to why its rate of economic growth is lagging behind the US , it need look no further .
Europeans certainly need something to compensate for a short working life with many vacations .
Maybe they did , and maybe they did n't : one can not know , especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia .
At the same time , a recent `` white paper '' produced by a working group headed by the IMF 's former boss , Michel Camdessus , which was charged with proposing the type of structural reforms needed to achieve growth , was received with the usual outcry from trade unions .
Accordingly , references to the need for pushing ahead with reforms have disappeared from his speeches .
So more aid is needed , and more debt forgiveness , because the world 's rich become rich only at the expense of the world 's poor .
Before providing more aid or debt forgiveness two conditions need to be met .
Unfortunately , in most cases the poorest countries , where aid is most needed , are also the most corrupt .
Latin America does not need financial engineering .
With a competition case against software giant Microsoft seemingly in the offing , Commissioner Monti will need to rediscover his footing fast .
A second danger arises from the fact that , by liberalizing trade for only a few economically successful industries , open sectoralism weakens , rather than strengthens , the broad political support needed for the comprehensive global trade agreements that benefit most businesses , consumers , and countries .
It needs to connect better with its own citizens , to renew their support by showing that Europeans working together can foster growth and jobs , fight international crime , and secure a clean environment .
The Union needs to play a more active role in the wider world , not in pursuit of selfish interests , but in promoting the universal values on which it is founded .
Most of all , the enlarged Union needs a constitutional and institutional framework that fits its ambitions .
These are the issues on which final agreement now needs to be reached .
In a challenging period for the Union , it needs to show that , when the chips are down , its members can make collective but difficult decisions in the common interest .
But the EU 's institutions need to be modernized .
But the precise arrangements for double majority voting need to be calibrated in a way that respects the particular concerns of all member states , while still ensuring that the new system is more efficient than its predecessor .
There is also a need to ensure that the citizens of all member states , big and small , are adequately and appropriately represented in the European Parliament .
In order to do so , the People 's Republic needs much more sophisticated arms than those it possesses today .
China follows the power game within the EU through its French friends , and therefore knows which governments need to be whipped into line .
China finds itself in a delicate position , pulled in one direction by its desire to avoid a precipitous North Korean collapse , and in the opposite direction by its overriding need to deepen economic relations with the US , Japan , and South Korea .
The United States ' planned withdrawal of troops from Asia , which President George W. Bush announced on August 16 , need not harm peace and stability in the region and particularly in Korea .
South Korea and Japan need to have their views taken into serious account if this now inevitable withdrawal is to succeed .
The US Defense Department justifies this change as part of the so-called `` Global Posture Review '' that it has been carrying out to provide more flexibility and mobility in deploying troops to more urgently needed places around the world .
Finally , significant assistance and investment in research and development from wealthy countries is needed , so that free TB treatment is truly available and accessible to all .
HIV\/AIDS activists and policymakers need to focus much greater attention on TB .
The struggling economy does not need the disruption of even a rapidly resolved military conflict .
If employees feel more like insiders -- a key purpose of military rituals -- there is little need for incentive pay or pay-for-performance schemes .
Identity Economics provides the broader , better vision that we need .
These people now account for many of the eight million Iraqis who are in absolute poverty and in need of emergency assistance .
The wheels of Philippine justice need retooling , so much so that the country 's Chief Justice himself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists , human rights workers , and journalists under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo .
One wonders what would have happened if Luzhkov needed to face re-election -LRB- his term expires in October 2011 -RRB- .
A regime that can not respond to its citizens ' basic needs has no legitimacy at all .
Through a rigorous review process , the Academies insist that each report be limited to what science can say about the subject based on evidence and logic , without preempting the decisions that need to be made by others .
To meet this need , the InterAcademy Council -LRB- IAC -RRB- in Amsterdam was founded in 2000 by a worldwide organization of science academies called the InterAcademy Panel -LRB- IAP -RRB- .
The astounding difficulty of everyday survival following the USSR 's collapse trapped most Russians into focusing on their families ' most urgent needs .
Thus , a new social contract is needed , especially as a new , post-Soviet generation of Russians has entered political life -- a generation that has not been poisoned by the fear that decades of state terror in the USSR implanted in their forebears .
To answer this , we need to grasp government 's true purpose .
Iran , it is often claimed , has no need for nuclear power , given its abundant oil and natural gas reserves .
However , domestic pressure , a sense of nationalism , and the need to improve its bargaining position with Western countries might force the Iranian government to respond to harsh UN sanctions or an air attack on its nuclear facilities .
But even under these extreme circumstances , Iran will still need its oil revenue .
Large parts of Africa need support , and Europe can and must lend a hand .
Yet , taken together , the EU countries possess a considerable array of assets , including the military capability needed to conduct decisive operations .
This is as much a matter of principle as of cold , strategic calculation , and it is here where the ESDP has much to offer : a long-term view , supported by a powerful economy with the assets needed to carry out humanitarian operations , conflict prevention , crisis management , and security support .
Reforms of the labor market , the pension system , and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions -- all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and , therefore , hope -- reflect a profound change in the public 's perception of the country 's long-term needs .
Indeed , despite endemic social unrest , a large majority of Greeks acknowledges the need for change and does not oppose it .
Both the ad hoc and the global public-goods schools shy away from this question , and yet without at least some working answer , we will lack the compass needed to navigate our increasing global interdependence .
We need to recognize that global governance is not a technocratic puzzle to be solved by clever institutional design .
In an increasingly interdependent world , we need a corresponding global framework to put our minds at relative ease .
But most lack the funds , equipment , and qualified personnel needed to provide basic care for cancer patients .
We are seeing promising results in individual countries , but our efforts are just a drop in a vast ocean of need .
In order to respond to the growing cancer epidemic , we need nothing less than concerted global action similar to the successful mobilization against HIV\/AIDS .
We need systematic action at the highest level to end the deadly disparity in cancer survival rates between rich and poor countries , thereby helping to save millions of lives .
Here a serious reassessment of our negotiating tactics and old habits is needed .
The WTO , but also the IMF and World Bank , must understand the evolving needs of those societies most vulnerable to the impact of globalization .
We need to reach out to the rest of the world in a more open and persuasive way .
The first problem in need of a `` constitutional '' solution that is tackled is Europe 's clear and unified identity .
We need a single legislative council , a bicameral European Parliament , with one house representing member states , and the other the European electorate .
But if the people are to ordain a Constitution for Europe , all of their ties and values will need to be respected by that Constitution .
Now it is the member states that are resisting the urgent need for a coordinated EU-wide policy response to the deepening crisis .
The Commission now needs to take action to ensure that member states redouble their efforts with regard to the Lisbon Agenda for overhauling Europe 's global competitiveness .
BEIRUT -- Revolution across the Arab world has forced the region 's peoples and governments to grapple with the need for change .
The protests are much more about political and economic freedom than about material needs , reflecting a keen awareness that such needs are merely a symptom and consequence of the absence of political and economic freedom .
Governments that hand out benefits are not making their citizens richer by generating new wealth ; they are simply redistributing existing wealth . This also applies to government-created and guaranteed jobs : if a job is indeed productive , its output would be rewarded by other members of society who benefit from it , without the need for government subsidies and guarantees .
What is needed is a root and branch transformation of the way that economic activity is carried out in all Arab nations .
Arab countries need to become places where people can create their own productive jobs , pursue their own opportunities , provide for themselves , and determine their own future .
This freedom obviates the need for the charity of those in power , and more importantly , takes away from them the excuse for maintaining their iron grip over the economic lives of their citizens .
Egyptians need only glance north , at the European debt crisis , to understand they should sort out their debt problem now , rather than waiting until it reaches Greek proportions .
The Egyptian government 's only role should be to help liquidate Mubarak assets for repayment should the need arise .
To stop Iran 's gas , Russia effectively bought Armenia 's entire energy sector , while its support for Iran 's nuclear program helps maintain Iranian isolation , keeping away the Western money Iran would need to become a rival gas exporter .
A third argument , held by some French Gaullists and many EU left-wingers , says that Europe needs a common foreign and defense policy to resist American hegemony .
But as the current financial crisis demonstrates , where financial innovation is designed to circumvent regulation or taxation , we need to be more circumspect .
One is the need for banks and other financial institutions to hold liquid reserves .
The less liquid a bank 's assets , the greater the need for such reserves .
This means that monetary policy is geared towards the needs of large countries , like Germany , not to those of , say , Belgium .
For developing countries , this source of income can be substantial over several decades , and is needed by governments for investment in infrastructure , health care , education , etc. .
In these circumstances , there is an urgent need for a facility that allows governments of poor countries to negotiate on a par with foreign investors to reach contracts that are as fair as possible under the given circumstances .
First , G-20 leaders need to follow through with the commitments they 've made to a Global Plan for Recovery and Reform .
Having recognized its `` collective responsibility to mitigate the social impact of the crisis and minimize long-lasting damage to global potential , '' the group now needs to review how much support has reached or become accessible to developing countries .
It raises questions about the stringencies of the World Bank 's eligibility criteria and allocation models which can prevent support of the most needy .
But the pace of change needs to be speeded up , ensuring that the IMF in particular is able to adapt to post-crisis challenges .
Progress is needed on emission-reduction targets and on sharing knowledge and technology more widely .
G-20 leaders need again to manage difficult domestic pressures , overcome narrow agendas and resist populist temptations -- and prove the sceptics wrong .
In the course of the next eight and a half years , her administration imported much more rice than was needed , resulting in 177 billion pesos in debt by the time she stepped down .
Investment has been coming in , but more is needed .
This is both a necessary and a promising role , for the region needs a local dynamic force pushing for reform , transformation , and peace .
More investment is essential in order for Brazil to compete in the international market , and the country 's economy needs a jolt of innovation .
To succeed , support for tax , labor , and political reforms -- once a part of Lula 's agenda -- needs to be revived .
Brazil has come far , but in order to compete with China , India , South Korea , Russia , and other emerging countries , the predominance of low valued-added products needs to give way to the rise of an economy based on more innovative and dynamic firms .
Meanwhile , those segments of Brazil 's population that are newly arrived to the market , while enthusiastic about their social betterment , need lasting support to lock in the gains that have been achieved in their standard of living .
So , to the three pillars of Lula 's success -- economic growth , wealth redistribution , and democracy -- two more are now needed : education and innovation to consolidate Brazil 's economic growth and ensure higher-quality institutions .
Other judges and official bodies need to keep the pressure on Pinochet .
The investigation into the death in 1980 of ex-president Frei Montalva , the principal opponent of the dictatorship , has advanced but needs to be pursued vigorously in the courts .
Despite government propaganda , the region 's people must remember that Russians are not superior to Georgians , Georgians to Ossetians or Abkhazians , and so on . We need to stop these territorial battles based on national pride and desire to control and rule .
Arab authoritarian regimes , unlike others that have given way to democracy , are incapable of self-reform ; they have , however , mastered the tactics needed to prolong the life spans of their aging despotisms .
Participants emphasized that changes would be needed in multiple areas , including improving the system of taxation and social insurance , further developing housing and the service economy , and eliminating a range of relative price distortions .
One key idea was to lighten the tax burden on labor . Taking into account the personal-income tax and various social contributions , taxation of labor income in China is too high . To be sure , taxes are needed to finance social spending , but revenue sources other than taxes on labor income could do the job .
Distortions in the real-estate market are a powerful motivation for saving , particularly among young people who struggle to meet the high down-payment needed to buy a first home .
In addition , a comprehensive nationwide housing policy is urgently needed to ensure that housing remains affordable , particularly for those on limited incomes .
Related to this is the need for improvements in the overall financial system .
Entry barriers , particularly in service industries dominated by state-owned oligopolies , need to be lowered .
Distortions in key prices that favor capital-intensive manufacturing need to be removed by raising the cost of land , energy , water , and capital .
Putin has spoken continuously about the need for the rule of law , but in his TV statement on October 27 , he effectively stated his preference for law enforcers .
More open information flows and fewer KGB appointees are needed .
He can probably do so , but will need to undertake a complete U-turn . He must sack his top KGB friends and hapless Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov .
Ukrainian exports of steel have boomed on China 's appetite , but sooner or later that appetite will be sated , and Ukrainian steel producers will need new markets .
Ukraine needs early parliamentary elections , but that is constitutionally difficult to accomplish .
The NBU needs to announce that it no longer has an exchange-rate target and that it will stop intervening by ending its purchases of dollars on the currency market .
Predominantly a commodity exporter , Russia has less need for the WTO than a manufacturer like China .
Now many of these guarantees will need to be thrown out .
Instead , Western leaders need to focus on fixing their state budgets in order to salvage what they can .
This rising violence is also a wake-up call for the West , highlighting the need for a new Euro-Atlantic strategy in a vitally important region that lies at the crossroads of Europe , Eurasia , and the Middle East .
For the first time , a country in the region is matching its aspirations with the concrete steps needed to become a viable candidate for eventual membership in Euro-Atlantic institutions .
But both organizations need to reach out to these countries , a process that should be seen as the next phase in completing the wider Europe .
As for the EU , the candidacies of Romania and Bulgaria need to be concluded successfully , together with the issue of Turkey 's membership aspirations .
The EU also needs to put meat on the bones of its new Neighborhood Policy , while NATO must apply new mechanisms for strengthening ties with the region .
As opposed to a 100 - or 200-meter sprint , both organizations need to think more in terms of a much longer race , perhaps a marathon .
Resolving these semi-dormant wars requires stepped-up political involvement , economic engagement , and a willingness to provide Western peacekeeping forces and monitors if and when they are needed .
But the long-term peace and stability needed to advance economic and political reform in the region will also require either a change in Russian behavior or a reduction in Russian influence .
With the Obama administration focused on Afghanistan and Iran , the Kremlin hopes that a West in need of its cooperation will acquiesce in its demands .
As welcome as Clinton 's recent clear words were on the need to defend the right of countries to decide their own fate , you do n't have to go very far in Europe to hear whispers that some kind of new `` Finlandization '' might be a reasonable compromise for countries like Ukraine and Georgia .
If we still believe that today , we need an updated moral and strategic vision for such countries , and to back it up with a real strategy .
We need to be clear that Moscow has a right to security , but that it does not have the right to interfere in the affairs of its neighbors , to topple their governments , or to deny them their own foreign-policy aspirations .
Syria needs to manage its diverse ethnic and religious composition , and to decide its own position on the Arab-Israeli conflict .
In Syria , a Libyan-style military intervention is not warranted , but diplomatic intervention is needed to allow the country 's people to determine its future .
Far from burdening an already over-stressed , over-stretched global economy , environmental investments are exactly what is needed to get people back to work , get order books flowing , and assist in powering economies back to health .
As a result , an estimated 500 megawatts of electricity , equal to 2 % of the country 's electricity needs , will be generated , along with more than 5,000 jobs .
Spent wisely , however , these stimulus packages could trigger far-reaching and transformational trends , setting the stage for a more sustainable , urgently needed Green Economy for the twenty-first century .
Meanwhile , many of these gases need to be curbed because of their wider environmental impact on public health , agriculture , and the planet 's multi-trillion dollar ecosystems , including forests .
US financing will need to be continued , and probably increased , to combat the traffic in illegal drugs , organized crime , and related violence ;
The point is simply that there are moments in history when democratization and nation building coincide , and that in deeply divided societies the minimum consensus needed for both to succeed simultaneously is difficult to achieve .
Creative and innovative thinking is needed about Iraq ; otherwise today 's mayhem will continue -- and worsen .
The assassination of the President of Iraq 's Governing Council makes it crystal clear that the US is failing to create the minimal law-and-order needed for any sort of orderly transfer of power to take place by June 30th .
By contrast , the besieged Jewish community , under David Ben-Gurion and the Jewish self-defense force -LRB- the Hagannah -RRB- was able to mobilize , through its democratic institutions and with only marginal dissent , the resources needed for a successful military campaign .
A fundamental change of paradigm is needed : the effort should shift to building a Palestinian state from the bottom up , for which there are encouraging signs , even in the midst of the failure of the top-down process .
But Netanyahu has said that once negotiations start , `` we will surprise everyone , '' and the Palestinians have gone further than ever before in building the institutions needed for national independence .
In Libya , if Qaddafi falls , can such a highly tribalized country possess the building blocks needed for a functioning democracy ?
In this way the trial will gain more legitimacy and credibility , especially among the many Serbs who still need to be educated in order to realize the true extent of Milosevic 's crimes .
That there will now be a Truth and Reconciliation Commission in Belgrade suggests that the current Yugoslav leadership understands that it needs to heal the wounds inflicted on its own people by the murderous Milosevic regime .
But , in order to realize the hope that ordinary soldiers take from the new jargon , Western leaders will need to forge a clear political strategy for Afghanistan , without which the country will remain at war .
As a first step , countries with forces in Afghanistan should accept that , as parties to the conflict , they need to be parties to the peace as well , and that every military operation has far-reaching and sometimes irreversible political implications .
For Afghans , these concerns need to be addressed through a serious political process moderated by a neutral third party , which most agree has to be the United Nations .
But that requires commitment to a real vision of what constitutes a minimally functioning Afghan state , beyond the obvious need for effective security forces .
They should consider reforms that include giving city governments the authority , resources , and responsibility that they need to address health and health-care outcomes .
Anticipatory city planning , based on realistic demographic forecasts , patient registers , and health-information systems , as well as participation in urban health-knowledge networks , needs to be implemented .
In short , urban public health needs to be reinvented .
Indeed , before announcing its decision , the Court felt it necessary to state that while it did not conclude that the Convention had been violated , statistics still revealed `` worrying figures , and the situation in general in the Czech Republic regarding Roma children 's education needs to be improved . ''
We believe that the IMF needs to move decisively on financial stability issues and be more proactive to help prevent and mitigate future crises .
It needs to rethink how to address financial stability in its day-to-day work with members . Financial sector analysis should become fully integrated into the IMF 's surveillance activities .
The Fund needs to hire more financial sector experts , relying less on academic professionals .
The current turmoil highlights the international financial system 's need for such an institution .
Its financing role in this crisis secured , the IMF now needs to strengthen its position as guardian of an open international financial system .
The ` new ' IMF should be an institution that communicates better with its members , balances the interests of its advanced , emerging and developing members in an evenhanded manner , and aligns its policies better to the needs of the moment .
Now that the IMF has been given a second lifetime , it needs to regain its central position in the international financial system .
For this , it needs to focus on three issues : improved surveillance of financial stability , strengthened international coordination , and an updated decision-making process .
The new IMF needs to become more vocal on global financial stability issues .
It can help shape a more robust global supervisory system which needs to be built in order to preserve the benefits of global financial markets .
The new IMF needs to take a fresh look at international policy coordination .
First , the US saving deficit will need to be addressed in a sustainable manner .
This will lessen the need felt by emerging economies for self-insurance against financial instability , by building up large reserves .
Finally , the new IMF needs governance structures that better reflect today 's new global realities .
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
Many governments waste good economic times by postponing the reforms needed to build a prosperous future .
As the ECB 's common monetary policy can not fit the macroeconomic conditions of all the member countries , the eurozone countries need macro-prudential regulations that aim at reducing excessive credit growth .
But no amount of lofty rhetoric can substitute for the reforms outlined here -- or obviate the need for them .
Designing an environment to suit animals ' psychological and physiological needs would be far preferable to the minimalism , otherwise known as `` standardization , '' that is currently employed .
Even if ITER is successful , and if one solves the tritium and material problems , everything would need to be tested in real size , and only then could a first prototype of an industrial reactor be built .
In fact , ITER is a big instrument for fundamental research , so its ¤ 500 million Euros annual cost needs to be compared with similar scientific initiatives , such as the European Organization for Nuclear Research -LRB- CERN -RRB- , which costs one billion Swiss francs per year .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
It 's the end of the road for gas-guzzling cars , glass apartments that need constant air conditioning , water-thirsty washing machines , and wasteful packaging .
Governments , too , should collaborate with their developing-country counterparts to provide much-needed leadership in the climate-change debate .
The same is true of the Party 's relationship with the peasants , who provided Mao Zedong with the soldiers and supplies he needed in battles that lasted decades .
It does not need to be `` represented . ''
An increasingly pluralistic society is being forced into a procrustean structure that allows only one voice , one need , and one kind of interest : the voice , needs , and interests of the party .
Last month , I proposed a key measure to strengthen non-proliferation to the IAEA 's Board of Governors -- establishing an IAEA bank of low-enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- to guarantee supplies to countries that need nuclear fuel for their power reactors .
This would give countries confidence that they can count on reliable supplies of fuel to run their nuclear power plants , and therefore do not need to develop their own uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing capability .
The LEU would be available to countries in need on the basis of non-political and non-discriminatory criteria . It would be accessible at market prices to all states in compliance with their nuclear safeguards obligations .
The money needed to launch an LEU bank is in place , thanks primarily to a non-governmental organization -- the Nuclear Threat Initiative -- and initial funding from Warren Buffett . But this can only be a first step .
The last thing impoverished Moldovans need is an autocratic , unaccountable government that lacks sufficient imagination to find a way to revive the country .
And just about the last thing the EU needs is an influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants fleeing poverty , political repression , and despair in Moldova and other countries of the former Soviet Union .
So more government spending is needed to maintain public services at the same level - and to keep unemployment down .
Unlike in Egypt , the vacuum resulting from Saleh 's departure can be quickly filled , so the country need not fall back on a military oligarchy .
And , though the two councils are certainly staffed by people with the technical credentials needed to manage the economy , few members have any real political skills or experience overseeing bureaucratic bodies .
In Muslim communities everywhere , there is a need to challenge this narrative by making known Islam 's theological repudiation of violence .
Our right to security and life is paramount , as is the need to inhabit a space free of prejudice and suspicion .
By 2050 , it is estimated that there will be nine billion people on earth , so the need for food may double -- primarily among urban populations in the world 's poorest countries .
Faced with the erratic nature of agricultural markets , regulation is needed to soften the impact on poorer countries of volatile food prices .
This meeting in Rome from November 16-18 provides badly needed political momentum to three linked issues that rank among the most challenging of the current era : food security , biodiversity , and climate change .
More than one billion people in the world today do not have enough food to meet their basic daily nutritional needs , and the situation in developing countries is getting worse .
At the recent G-8 summit in L'Aquila , Italy , we made a firm commitment `` to act with the scale and urgency needed to achieve global food security , '' and we collectively pledged $ 20 billion over three years .
This is a sizeable commitment , but it may not be enough -- more needs to be done to increase agricultural production , to free up the potential of trade to address food insecurity , and to deal with the increasing impact of climate change on agriculture .
In addition , crop diversification has reduced the need for costly and environmentally damaging pesticides .
So I am convinced that we should raise the profile of biodiversity in tackling climate change and food insecurity , and that we need more high-level attention to this subject .
We need to revisit the structures of global governance , to ensure that they work better for people everywhere , and in the interests of both current and future generations .
We need to revisit the structures of global governance , to ensure that they work better for people everywhere , and in the interests of both present and future generations .
But more needs to be done .
Hence , the need for a judgmental body that can look at a new product and form an opinion about its desirability .
In creating new financial regulations , we need to take the medical analogy one step further -- by creating the equivalent of the prescription .
Instead of banning or freely allowing all dangerous products , we need to identify products that are valuable to some customers but not all -- call them `` prescription financial products '' -- and create a body of registered finance professionals -LRB- RFPs -RRB- who are empowered to certify the purchase of these products by individuals .
This option could vastly shorten the list of products that will need to be banned outright .
State-guided economies can continue their rapid growth path , but ultimately they will need to make a transition to a suitable blend of the other two forms of `` good capitalism '' if they want to continue rapid growth .
What is agreed is the need for randomized controlled trials of the long-term effects of repeated use of paracetamol in children .
Thus , in the US , corporate influence makes it difficult to obtain long-needed reforms that would eliminate barriers to takeovers and remove legal impediments to the ability of shareholders to replace company directors .
What is needed is an effective mechanism for rating the raters .
If ratings are not backed by the force of law , so the argument goes , regulators need not worry about rating quality and can leave the monitoring of raters to the market .
Even if ratings were no longer required or encouraged by law , however , demand for ratings -- and the need to improve their reliability -- would remain .
But to make ratings work , the raters need to be rated .
That is why we need new legislation to ensure that the use of corporate funds in politics does not stray from the interests of shareholders .
This decision followed the banks having passed the so-called `` stress tests '' of their financial viability , which the US Treasury demanded , and the success of some of them in raising the additional capital that the tests suggested they needed .
But it still needs to be effectively addressed : Goldman 's recent decision to provide record bonuses as a reward for performance in the last two quarters , for example , is a step in the wrong direction .
To avoid rewards for short-term performance and focus on long-term results , pay structures need to be re-designed .
They claim that they need the freedom to set compensation packages in order to keep their most talented people -- the ones who will revive the world 's financial system .
So , if serious reforms are to be implemented , strong and persistent public pressure will be needed .
Again , such concerns would have been better addressed in different ways -- in particular , by providing institutions that needed capital with funds directly , and in return for securities .
The tell-tale phrases are on everyone 's lips : talk of the need for anti-subversion laws , press controls , strong leadership , of adjusting to Hong Kong 's new reality .
Management then began to quietly spread word that the paper needed people able to `` negotiate '' with the sensibilities of the Communist Party .
A more immediate concern is the immense number of people who will need to be resettled when reservoirs inundate the region 's densely populated valleys .
China urgently needs to maintain an annual growth rate of over 9 % as a bulwark against social disorder .
To survive this crisis , emerging Europe needs support from outside .
Yet more resources and new instruments will be needed .
For non-EU countries , like Turkey and Ukraine , innovative ideas are also urgently needed .
Sadat 's spectacular leap into the future needed to be met by Israel 's prime minister , Menachem Begin , at almost every juncture down a tortuous road to peace .
Here , indeed , is the central point : the need to move away from mythological , mutually exclusive rights of existence , conflicting historical narratives , and religious claims of ownership .
But their success , so urgently needed to save the region from the politics of Doomsday , will have to wait for a new US administration to inject into them the necessary balance of realism and idealism , military power tempered by a genuine commitment to diplomacy .
This Gordian knot needs to be cut , not untied .
As the launch of the peace process at the 1991 Madrid International Peace Conference demonstrated , the prospects for peace in the Middle East always needed a concerted international push to exploit windows of opportunity .
But there is no need to reinvent the wheel , because the solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict is embodied in the main peace plans that are already on the table : the Clinton peace parameters , and the all-Arab peace initiative .
Ignored and humiliated by the US since the Cold War ended , Russia needs integration into a new global order that respects its interests as a resurgent power , not an anti-Western strategy of confrontation .
So a concerted effort is needed by outside powers such as the US and Russia , not to act as spoilers of each other 's policies in the region , but to create a WMD-free zone .
His idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of American power .
To the Israelis , Europe became the essayist Mario Andrea Rigoni 's `` old lady , who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties ... and a great number of horrors , would like , once she has reached the age of society , fatigue , and weakness , to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation , equity , and peace . ''
For Europe to play the role to which it is entitled in producing a Middle East peace , it needs to restore its credibility with Israel .
What is most needed now is to build an international consensus on a strategy to implement fully the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- for Sudan .
Only the United States appears to be committed to creating the conditions needed to implement the CPA .
More recently , leading American congressmen have been impressing on President Barack Obama the need for a muscular effort to implement the CPA .
International law and the indictment of war criminals are important for a civilized world order , but they are no substitute for active financial and political engagement to support an internationally legitimate , and urgently needed , peace accord such as the CPA in Sudan .
But the objectives of the use of force need to be linked to the recognition that in today 's asymmetric conflicts , victory is no longer achieved on the battlefield .
The Palestinians , however , always wanted to return to the issues of 1948 : refugees , dispersion , and what Akram Hanya , a close Arafat confidant , defined as the need `` to make the Israelis face the tribunal of history . ''
Instead of suppressing the memory of the refugees , Israel needs to recognize that in 1948 the land was bisected by the sword , and that the Jewish state came into being partly because of the massive uprooting and dispossession of Palestinian communities .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates was right to recognize that the Taliban are `` part of the political fabric '' of Afghanistan and thus `` need to participate in the country 's government . ''
It is a genuine response to the needs and demands of their supporters .
Both the West and the Arab rulers need to realize that the tense equation between the incumbent regimes and political Islam is not necessarily a zero-sum game .
Engaging political Islam will need to be the central part of any successful strategy for the Middle East .
Instead of sticking to doomsday prophecies or to categorical perspectives that prevent an understanding of the complex fabric of Islamic movements , the West needs to keep the pressure on the incumbent regimes to stop circumventing political reform .
Begin was the best proof that Israel 's critics needed that the Zionist revolution , although it created a state out of the ashes of the Holocaust , had failed to eradicate the collective self-image of the Jew and the Israeli as victim .
When he did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Barak conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power .
Israel needs to decide whether it is a regional superpower or a Jewish ghetto waiting for an imminent pogrom to begin .
Both sides need to engage in the vital enterprise of turning the border that separates them into a benign space of transnational development and stability .
Precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is , as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island , a task that affects the two countries ' stability and well-being , it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort .
For , if a two-state solution really is the future , a social and political earthquake of untold dimensions awaits Israelis : a massive evacuation of settlers and a desperate need for a difficult political realignment to deal with the threat of civil strife and perhaps even military disobedience .
Obama 's endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's claim that if Israel is recognized as a Jewish state and its security needs accepted , `` I will surprise , and the sky is the limit , '' has made the current process possible .
But maximal security -- for example , an insufferably long timetable for withdrawal , unreasonable territorial demands wrapped up as security needs , an Israeli presence in the Jordan valley , and full control of Palestinian airspace and the electromagnetic spectrum -- would inevitably clash with Palestinians ' view of what sovereignty entails .
Frequently , governments need to be coaxed into accepting the inevitability of compromise , thanks to pressure from below .
As one of the poorest and neediest countries in the world , for which oil revenues would be the only source of income for years to come , an independent South Sudan could not be expected to rescue the debt-ridden North .
This Gordian knot can not be untied ; it needs to be cut by robust third-party mediation .
Egypt , whose new paradigm in foreign affairs increasingly looks like an imitation of Turkey 's strategy of `` zero problems with its neighbors , '' needs the treaty at least as much as Israel does .
For borders to be defensible , they need first to be legitimate and internationally recognized .
Turkey 's foreign policy , unlike Iran 's , needs a stable environment to prosper .
So , whoever aspires to help the parties reach a settlement needs to be attentive to the fact that territorial borders are only one aspect of this conflict -- and not necessarily the most contentious one .
And would-be mediators , for their part , can no longer just be `` facilitators '' ; they need to regard themselves as stakeholders -- and be prepared to exert pressure and twist arms .
He will need this quality to make bold moves on the peace process as well .
But the credibility of such demands is undermined by the Arabs ' inability to alleviate Palestinian misery and , no less importantly , by their failure to help the Palestinians face the hard choices they will need to make if an orderly Palestinian state is ever to emerge .
America has always known that the Middle East 's problems are interconnected , but for years it got its priorities wrong , because it failed to see that if there was an Archimedean point to the Middle East problem , it was to be found in the Palestinian issue , not the `` War on Terror , '' Iraq , or the need for Arab democracy .
He has finally acknowledged the failure of the `` road map , '' and hence the need to skip interim stages and move directly to a final settlement between Israelis and Palestinians .
But how much leverage can he apply when they are so badly needed for his `` War on Terror '' and for containing Iran ?
Nothing less than a full-fledged peace agreement that meets the fundamental aspirations of Palestinian nationalism is likely to give him the popular legitimacy needed to confront the radicals .
Nevertheless , this move appeared to be all that was needed for Islam-minded voters to return to the fold of the ruling front .
Making European Defense a Reality BRUSSELS -- Anyone reflecting on the value , weight , and relevance of today 's European military forces for global affairs needs to keep two crucial questions in mind : Where do we want to go ?
Any effective foreign policy clearly needs to rely on effective military and civilian resources .
As a result , the EU does n't need the articulated military structure that NATO possesses .
The Capability Development Plan , which the EDA is developing in close collaboration with the EU Military Committee , aims to foster and improve solidarity in terms of capability , which is what Europe needs .
One urgent need is simplification of our operational planning and the manner in which we conduct operations .
As an integral part of the CFSP , today 's ESDP and tomorrow 's Common Security and Defense Policy will work only if the member states responsible for implementing them allocate the resources that they need .
The central authorities have recognized the link between abuses , unrest , and the need to develop legal services for preventing the escalation of disputes .
But the new European watchdogs are likely to fall far short of what is needed .
Host countries could address their needs by adopting a radical solution that would unilaterally impose capital controls and other measures to protect their domestic markets .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
The region needs to find its way back not only to rapid growth , but also to safer , more sustainable growth .
Easy access to cheap funding and high commodity prices alleviated the need to press ahead with difficult reforms of infrastructure , utilities , education , and health care , to name a few areas .
Emerging Europe needs new sources of competitiveness .
Equally important , they will create the buffers needed to offset external shocks and , as in emerging Asia and Latin America , to implement countercyclical policies that contain the extent and costs of future systemic crises .
The fact that Europe 's banks need massive amounts of new capital is by now generally accepted .
Yet , despite valiant attempts by the new European Banking Authority to mandate and coordinate the measures that are needed , a European solution must take account of the network of foreign subsidiaries across Europe .
A new pact to secure the achievements of financial integration is now urgently needed .
- America needs friends .
- Good decisions need time .
This seems all the more puzzling because Americans realize how badly Europe needs new immigrants , given its extremely low fertility rates .
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
So a surprise conclusion in the manner of Madrid will only make matters worse , because careful preparations will be needed to contain the damage , and too much time will be lost if everything is put off until the meeting in Prague .
Arguments which say that , because no direct security risk exists there is no need for a Nato guarantee of the Baltics -- a view that sometimes gains attention in Berlin -- break with this redefinition .
If Nato rejects the Baltic states it will need to prevent Moscow from interpreting that decision as confirmation that Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania remain locked within Russia 's sphere of influence and that its Great Power posturing has paid off .
Moreover , if Nato membership for the Baltics is rejected , they will need reassurance that the West will assist them , concretely , should their security be put at risk .
Efforts to contain the damage caused by postponement will likely be far more demanding than any effort needed to ease tension after enlargement is announced .
BERLIN : Chancellor Schröder 's government coalition barely scraped through Germany 's Bundestag to secure the support it needed to dispatch German soldiers to help in the campaign against international terrorism .
That is the lesson of Guantanamo . It is also the reason why the rest of the world need not worry .
Instead of blaming the Bush administration and hoping for a change of government in the US , European members need to make NATO their own concern again .
The prospect is uncertain enough as it stands that Bush may be spared the need to veto it .
Abroad , Merkel has no need to demonstrate that Germany is a big country in Europe ; her partners are fully aware of this .
If the six governments want to avoid the escalation spiral and curb the proliferation dynamic , they need to change strategy and objective .
America , eager to bring both Ukraine and Georgia into NATO , felt scant need to consider Russian concerns , convinced that the Kremlin would have no choice but to bow to the inevitable .
European leaders , even when they are unhappy over US positions , therefore need to combine forceful support for the transatlantic community of interests with discrete , if firm lobbying in Washington not to strain it to the breaking point .
This means , of course , that if protectionism is politically convenient , you need not shed tears over harming the country by surrendering to it , an attitude that many Democrats in the United States find convenient to adopt .
He even got a Labor Chancellor of the Exchequer , James Callaghan , to introduce in 1966 a Selective Employment Tax , which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures -- a measure that was reversed in 1973 , once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry , which generated badly needed foreign exchange .
Because of the financial crisis , many politicians have accepted the argument , in a virtual throwback to Adam Smith , that financial services are unproductive -- even counterproductive -- and need to be scaled back by governmental intervention . It is then inferred that this means that manufactures must be expanded .
All these rationales for CSR suggest that it should be left to each corporation to determine , just as PSR leaves altruism to each individual 's conscience and sense of what needs supporting .
Moreover , the G-20 leaders have continued to express the need to conclude the Doha Round of multilateral trade-liberalization negotiations .
Resources released by these imports fostered the growth of industries that satisfy new needs .
Twelve years later , Poland 's Prime Minister did n't need a belated call from his military to know that war was underway in Iraq .
Little of this , however , is the result of design , for -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- we in Poland have not thought through what sort of foreign policy we need as a member of NATO and putative member of the European Union .
The world needs a united continent , ready to go into action .
Basic issues concerning the efficacy and safety of consuming relatively high doses of antioxidant supplements need to be resolved .
The same spirit needs to animate the L'Aquila meeting .
Since emissions from the developing countries are on the whole lower than those of the developed world -- and will need to continue to rise in the short-term as they maintain economic growth and address poverty -- it has been proposed that developed countries cut emissions by at least 80 % relative to 1990 by 2050 , with major steps towards this goal over the next decade .
Developing countries will also need to play their part , significantly slowing and peaking emissions growth in the coming decades .
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70 % of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas : increasing energy efficiency , reducing deforestation , and use of lower-carbon energy sources , including nuclear and renewables .
All seven policies have already been successfully implemented in countries around the world , but they need scaling up .
While cap-and-trade systems or other means of pricing carbon emissions can help provide incentives for businesses to invest in low-carbon solutions , in the short term at least , these seven policy measures -- and direct action and investment by governments -- are needed to achieve the targets .
In the longer term , we also need technologies such as carbon capture and storage -LRB- CCS -RRB- , expanded nuclear power , and new generations of solar energy , together with the development of technologies whose potential or even existence is still unknown .
But we need to invest now , seriously and through global collaboration , so that by 2020 we are in a position to scale up CCS or be ready to deploy other alternatives .
Electric vehicles will need large adjustments to infrastructure .
With that support , developing countries in turn will need to design and implement `` Low-Carbon Growth Plans '' that significantly slow and eventually peak their emissions growth .
But leaders , struggling to cope with this challenge even amidst economic crisis , need to know that there is also `` a way . ''
But they need not search too far for culprits ; indeed , they need only look in the mirror and confront the consequences of the dishonest game that the leaders of EU member states have played for too long .
One piece of good news is that deregulation of product markets has been largely achieved , so there is less need to play the Brussels blame game .
These countries need more than liquidity ; they need financial help to carry out the necessary adjustments .
But liquidity provision needs to be provided on a more coherent and comprehensive basis .
As for countries that need more help , this is the IMF 's natural function .
But risks to the world 's economic outlook have risen , and stepped-up policy actions are needed to keep the global economy on track .
A more robust global financial system is urgently needed .
In emerging markets and low-income economies , the challenge is to avoid overheating , contain financial risks , and address pressing social spending needs , while not compromising sustainability .
The surge in food and energy prices is a major emergency for many of these countries , and it needs to be managed carefully .
But risks to the outlook are rising , and we need determined policy action to dampen them . Time is of the essence .
In the best of scenarios , what will happen is likely to fall short of the major short-run fiscal expansion Europe needs .
The Euro is the only currency against which the dollar can depreciate . -LRB- The last thing Japan needs is an appreciation of the yen . -RRB-
Park , who lost her first bid for the GNP 's nomination to Lee in 2007 , needs to ensure that no rupture with her erstwhile rival knocks her off the path to victory in 2012 .
First , governments need to adopt urgent business-climate reforms in order to foster investment , entrepreneurship , and innovation .
Second , Latin America needs to overhaul its weak health and education systems .
The private sector needs to become more involved in infrastructure , which requires the adoption of adequate public-private partnerships .
At their meeting in Scheveningen , the Netherlands , the EU 's economic ministers -LRB- Ecofin -RRB- once again confronted the need to reform the Stability and Growth Pact -LRB- SGP -RRB- .
Moreover , the Commission has already worked to harmonize the assumptions needed to forecast public pension outlays and achieve cross-country comparability .
It states that national governments can better `` respond to the specific needs of their labor markets . ''
They need to define as soon as possible a labor-market entry strategy that encourages employers not only to hire young workers , but also to train them .
With popular destinations like the United States and Canada cutting back on research and public education and facing the need to raise top tax rates , Europe has a unique opportunity to attract skilled migrants and reduce the exodus of European researchers .
In this way , Italy lost 30 months without enacting the structural reforms that it so badly needs to restore the country 's growth potential .
These organizations work with the people to assess their needs and then build the institutions to deliver care .
SRSP has the capacity ; they just need direction and financial support in order to expand .
To understand Zidane 's popularity , one need only set his modesty and attention to others against the arrogance and indifference that characterize the behavior of so many other celebrities , including football players .
Peace through Superior Football When it comes to wishing for peace in the Middle East -- virtually a New Year 's tradition - -- one needs to be careful .
Israelis and Palestinians need an underlying source of solidarity if they are ever to settle their large disagreements and prevent their small ones from erupting into violence .
We need to find ways to address the lack of a real freedom of expression for women in so many societies and , at the same , time to redress damage done to those victimized by female genital mutilation .
In fact , it needs to be part of a more comprehensive effort aiming at empowering and giving civil rights to women - 50 % of the people that live in societies where the practice is carried out .
We need to reach into politics , because there will be no freedom for African , Arab , or Asian women without the advent of political democracy in their countries .
Instead of insisting on replicating our failures , the world needs to adopt new approaches that treat the disease of drug use , instead of criminalizing it .
What is needed is a `` World Organization of Democracies , '' devoted to promoting the original values of the UN , including democracy , the rule of law , and respect for human rights .
We need mechanisms to address violations of moral or religious beliefs , but we can not place restrictions on individuals ' ability to contribute to the public welfare .
These estimates , together with poor countries ' additional needs when natural catastrophes strike , imply that the potential legal demand for medicinal opiates is even higher .
If Italy and the EU had not understood the need to work with non-European countries , and make them feel that they were responsible and fully-fledged protagonists , the efforts to establish the ICC and be so close to declare a universal moratorium on the death penalty would have failed .
The main threat to the euro is precisely the eurozone 's lack of a modicum of political unity -- a Federation Lite that makes solidarity possible , and even automatic , when it is needed .
The words e pluribus unum need not be included on euro notes and coins to recognize that the principle for which they stand -- the political unification of Europe , no less than that of the US -- is indispensable to the euro 's survival .
But , if the eurozone is to survive and prosper beyond the current crisis , it will also need comprehensive structural reforms to boost internal labor mobility and defuse the pressures caused by economic adjustment among nations and regions .
Whether citizens will support politicians who propose the labor , tax , and other reforms needed to enhance mobility , and whether such reforms will be sufficient to overcome linguistic and cultural barriers , are open questions .
A more effective stimulus would speed up spending that needs to be done anyway . Or cut taxes to change the marginal calculus of firms on layoffs and consumers on spending -- for example , by suspending the payroll tax on firms and workers for a year or suspending part or all of the sales tax or national value-added tax .
Once off government lifelines , we will need a better-regulated financial system .
Instead , Obama could , for example , have suspended the payroll tax for a year , getting money directly into people 's pockets quickly and decreasing the need for firms to lay off workers .
America does need a clearinghouse for derivatives , and a much higher percentage of derivative trading should take place on exchanges , rather than bilaterally over the counter .
Any institution that is or could quickly become too big to fail needs to have adequate capital -LRB- rising with size -RRB- , and real-time continuous monitoring of risk , but these measures should be implemented without overbearing micromanagement .
Policymakers need a Plan B in the event that one proves necessary , modeled on America 's rapid resolution of insolvent savings and loans in the early 1990s , together with sales of toxic assets in large blocks -LRB- to prevent so-called adverse selection from unraveling any bidding process -RRB- .
It is also more efficient to keep tax rates stable over time , and thus to finance with debt temporary large spending needs such as military buildups during war -LRB- or to prevent war -RRB- , while reversing the debt buildup thereafter .
Whatever the dubious temporary merits of reviving industrial policy in a deep recession , governments need an exit strategy before the programs become permanently entrenched and develop powerful rent-seeking constituencies .
What is needed are constraints on fiscal policy by each country , not a supranational fiscal authority .
The larger the EU gets , the greater its need for coordinated and coherent policies , and the harder it becomes to rally all members around a common position .
Huge investments -- worth trillions of euros -- will be needed to meet global energy requirements .
So a new phase in international environmental cooperation is needed , with China 's active contribution .
Of course , China clearly has a right -- like any country -- to seek the energy , minerals , and other resources it needs .
A structured dialogue -- including the private sector , which is so intimately involved in China 's development -- is needed on energy , sustainable development , and the environment .
So a European Islam is needed urgently .
The Netherlands need not be the focus of international religious conflict .
It is the lifeblood of Iraq 's economy and the source of the money that the central government will need to build durable institutions .
Under Obasanjo , Soludo initiated much needed banking reforms and argued strenuously that Nigeria should pay its foreign debt .
The US needs China to finance its mounting debt , and China needs Americans to buy its products .
The convergence of sovereign debt yields implied and required by the establishment of the common currency need not return .
But Obasanjo 's adversaries have joined the battle , and the president lacks the two-thirds majority needed in both the federal and state legislatures to remain in power after next year .
The American and British governments , increasingly unpopular at home , desperately needed some tangible evidence of progress to assuage their domestic critics and to begin to speak openly of an exit strategy .
The changes are badly needed .
But the central government will need a large share of that income if it is to finance the construction of new institutions of governance , invest in critical infrastructure , undertake onerous reforms aimed at economic liberalization , and provide the resource-poor -LRB- and already restive -RRB- Sunnis of central Iraq with a greater share of the country 's wealth .
Moreover , this struggle with the US rallies much-needed domestic support .
Iran probably needs two or three years to develop a nuclear weapon .
When Iraq falls apart , as now appears all but inevitable , the US will need as many friends in the region as it can get , particularly as the battle with Iran for regional influence and the conflict over its nuclear program intensifies .
The Bush administration can therefore enthusiastically back a return to civilian rule and claim a much-needed victory for democracy in a Muslim country .
What was needed was an organism with a rapid growth rate , like bacteria .
What we need now are cell maps and maps of how cells talk to each other .
This brings us to the need to reflect on human beings -- not just the human genome -- as subjects for biological research .
Belgium and the Netherlands need to resuscitate their cooperative efforts within the Benelux framework .
The coming period could thus be used in both countries to review traditional positions and reflect on how European policy can best serve their common needs .
Although this represents a small fraction of the effort needed from industrialized countries to fulfill the Kyoto Protocol 's goals by 2012 , it would help significantly in improving forest and land use in Africa .
In the Doha trade negotiations , industrialized nations accepted the need to liberalize their agricultural markets by reducing subsidies to domestic producers and tariff barriers on agricultural imports .
From Iran 's perspective , any future threat originating from Iraq needs to be averted by ensuring the participation in Iraq 's government of Shiites and Kurds .
Throttling Ukraine 's economy and political system need not have been Yushchenko 's legacy . After he came to power in 2005 on a huge wave of popular support , he started off well .
If accepted , it promises Ukraine , which aspires to EU membership and is currently negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with the Union , the stable , effective , and democratic government that it needs .
Moreover , continued internal disunity continues to thwart reconstruction efforts in Gaza , which are urgently needed in the aftermath of Israel 's military offensive earlier this year .
Such an approach would need to define the UN vote not as an alternative to a negotiated solution , but as an important step towards a viable bilateral peace process .
Instead of closing doors , such a redefinition of the statehood bid at the UN would provide the Palestinian leadership with a much-needed symbolic success , including a framework from which to restart negotiations -- a longstanding Palestinian demand .
Palestinians and Israelis need to prepare for that day now .
The virtue of their `` party '' or clique needs no complex justification : it stands for `` American values , '' while critics merely provide an `` objective apology '' for the `` enemies of freedom . ''
With alternatives to the status quo constrained , it has become clear that Israel is in a long transitional period in which old ideas do n't work and a new approach is needed .
Developing nations will need increased financial support to protect the poorest and most vulnerable .
As the main architect of globalization , which awakened awareness worldwide of the need for global public goods , the US must , even in its weariness , summon its creative resources .
No matter how eager China 's authorities are to keep the Internet under their control -- for example , by blocking foreign Web sites -- they are also aware of how much their economy now needs the Internet .
They drove needles under their fingernails , and then tore them out .
His control of his party should help him reach the necessary compromises he will need to make with other parties in order to govern effectively .
To avoid contagion from Argentina 's financial crisis , the IMF agreed a $ 30 billion package with Brazil in August designed to stabilize markets and avoid the need for the Central Bank to exhaust Brazil 's reserves defending the currency .
Much of this money still needs to be disbursed .
If Lula survives his economic baptism of fire , he will soon need to turn attention to the controversial issue of hemispheric integration .
More power needs to be devolved to the provinces .
He said he had the same aspiration , but that it would need effort from both sides to move things along . `` I have invited Manmohan a half-dozen times to visit Pakistan .
I repeated the conversation to Singh , who explained that in a democracy such as India , a great deal of work needs to be done with the members of the coalition and the senior bureaucracy before the prime minister can travel to Pakistan . `` Musharraf is a military leader ; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way . ''
After the match , Singh said that `` India and Pakistan should be working together to find cooperative solutions and need permanent reconciliation to live together in dignity and honor .
Gilani expressed the same sentiment : `` We need to focus on dealing with our common enemies -- inflation , poverty , hunger , disease , and unemployment -- for the prosperity of the two countries . ''
To do that , Pakistan would need help from some of the Afghan Pashtun tribes with which it had developed strong relations during the war against the Soviet Union .
So there is no question that the invitation to the New York Philharmonic was meant to burnish the prestige of a regime , ruled by The Dear Leader , Kim Jong-Il , whose standing is so low -- even in neighboring China -- that it needs all the burnishing it can get .
Stalin 's empire needed no foreign classical orchestras .
China no longer needed the Stones , either .
In fact , democracy demands a degree of showmanship and pizzazz ; politicians need to appeal to the mass of voters , and not just to an elite , which can afford to ignore hoi polloi .
-LRB- Sometimes football history gets mixed up with `` real '' history ; the defeat of a superior Dutch team by Germany in the World Cup final of 1974 also needed to be redressed . -RRB-
Although the French-speaking Belgians started the European Industrial Revolution in the nineteenth century , they are now living in a deprived rustbelt in need of federal subsidies , a substantial amount of which comes from taxes paid by the more prosperous , high-tech Flemish .
What was needed was a bloody-minded romantic hero , willing to gamble the fate of his nation by fighting on , `` whatever the cost may be , '' in the words of Winston Churchill .
Cities like Paris , Copenhagen , and Amsterdam offered refuge to black American jazz musicians , who needed a break from institutionalized racism .
What is needed is to find a less belligerent , more liberal way to promote democracy , stressing international cooperation instead of blunt military force .
It is probably true that many white policemen , even if they are trained to avoid racial profiling , as Sgt. Crowley was , need to be convinced that a black man can be at home in one of the finer houses of Cambridge , or any other American city .
But what is needed to revive liberal idealism is a set of new ideas on how to promote justice , equality and freedom in the world .
It helps to have traditional enemies , old hurts , and humiliations that need to be redressed , if only symbolically .
New waves of immigrants are rarely , if ever , popular . But they are often needed .
We who live in rapidly aging societies , such as Western Europe or Japan , still need immigrants .
But European welfare states are better equipped to deal with asylum-seekers and other newcomers as needy dependents than as people in need of a job .
But Europe -- and Japan , for that matter -- should start by making economic migration legitimate . This means working out what jobs need to be filled , and welcoming those who will fill them , not as guests , but as equal citizens .
Armed Anglo-American intervention , especially if it is not sanctioned by the United Nations , would do much to undermine liberals and democrats , who need all the credibility they can get .
They want the US to show leadership , which is the last thing aspiring democrats need right now .
One need only look at Sri Lanka , where Buddhism is lashed to ethnic chauvinism in the slow-burning civil war between Buddhist Singhalese and Hindu Tamils .
As a non-believer , I am bound to treat such claims with skepticism . But the moral power of religious faith does not need a supernatural explanation .
Liberals are most needed when compromises have to be made , but not nearly as useful when faced with brute force .
It is , on the whole , not beneficial to be ruled by such heroes , but it is good to have heroes around when they are needed .
We need not feel sorry for Mladi? .
That 's right , said another Turk within earshot , a fluent English speaker who spent much time in London , worked for NGOs promoting human rights , and was jailed in the 1980 's for opposing the military regime : `` I hate Europe . I 'm not European , and who needs Europe , anyway ? ''
And they need encouragement , for Erdo?an 's Islamists may be democratic , but the secularists , on the whole , are more liberal .
Obama certainly needs all the friends he can get .
A 42-year dictatorship does not exactly provide fertile ground for the learning and experience needed to create an impartial court .
Nevertheless , even given eventual development of an affordable , safe , fly\/drive , airport-independent personal transportation system , there would still be a need to re-invent long-haul transport , especially for transoceanic flights .
But a high standard of fidelity to the truth is needed in the media ; otherwise , debates become too distorted for citizens to evaluate correctly their meaning .
To answer this question , we need to see the situation through the eyes of the man who led the Catholic Church during those years .
A disciplined succession plan is needed because Kim is 68 and in bad health -LRB- and thus unlikely to still be holding power in 2012 , the year he targeted for North Korea to become a `` Strong and Prosperous Country '' -RRB- .
For now , South Korea will need to rely on lionhearted tolerance in its relations with the North , because there is simply no other viable option at hand .
What is needed is a radical change in how we think about medicine and health care , not simply better ways to reorganize existing systems .
We need a `` sustainable medicine '' that is affordable to national health care systems and provides equitable access in the long term .
No system can give everyone everything they need .
Europe needs good relations with both in order to penetrate growing markets , tap sources for raw materials and energy , and ensure its own domestic stability , whereas many Europeans believe that US policies alienate these regions .
Basic precautionary options such as HIV testing , male and female condoms , and sterile syringes for drug injection remain out of reach for the vast majority of those who need them .
The role of the state , the market , and the region 's place in the global economy all need urgent attention and discussion .
Today , Latin American states need political agreements that protect them from becoming the victims of both North American unilateralism and the global economy .
The government is rapidly isolating itself from the regional , civic , and political opposition that , little by little , has been rising to causes such as autonomy , pluralism , the need for consensus , and freedom of expression .
A presidential order recalling the unionist , police , and army troops is urgently needed to avoid greater tragedy -LRB- there have already been 30 deaths in the last two years -RRB- and create conditions for dialogue and a democratic covenant with regional , civic , and political opposition forces .
This `` internationalization '' includes more than America 's `` Plan Colombia '' aid , for the EU has also coughed up $ 280 million for social and development projects , though much , much more is needed .
In that recognition may lay the political support needed for serious reform to take place .
Back then , the illusion of costless progress prevented the root and branch reform Colombia so desperately needed .
Down through the years , I have seen despair and frustration evolve into optimism and progress and , even now , we need not give up hope for permanent peace for Israelis and freedom and justice for Palestinians if three basic premises are honored :
The urgent need in Lebanon is that Israeli attacks stop , that Lebanon 's regular military forces control the southern region of the country , that Hezbollah cease as a separate fighting force , and future attacks against Israel be prevented .
We need those in authority to take the law more seriously , but change will happen fastest when communities recognize that the economic and social value of educating girls outweighs their bride price .
To avoid this outcome , it is vital to purge certain reactionary and numbing beliefs , including the idea that reducing poverty obviates the need to address inequality , or that development is possible without introducing modern and progressive tax systems .
Whether this profound change will be seen as a key moment in the consolidation of democracy in El Salvador , or as the beginning of a slide toward instability , will depend on Mr Funes ' ability to balance two complex and contradictory imperatives : calling for moderation across the political spectrum while implementing the deep social transformations that El Salvador sorely needs .
He needs all the help he can get .
If the population grows by 50 % , the country will need to grow 50 % more food , if it is to continue to feed itself .
So India will need huge increases in water efficiency .
In questionnaires , the poor say that an adequate water supply is their foremost need .
It is an age-old question , one that harks back to Plato , who in his `` Laws '' saw the need to punish by death those who commit egregious crimes .
The West violated that agreement in 1999 in Kosovo : NATO powers first attacked Kosovo and Belgrade , in breach of the UN Charter -LRB- although they were morally justified to do so , because there was a need to stop the serious atrocities underway -RRB- ; the West then promoted and blessed Kosovo 's secession .
Calderón means continuity ; that 's probably why he won , and that is what Mexico needs .
Viewed from afar , such campaign themes might not have been a bad thing : after all , countries need these types of discussion every now and then .
The right-of-center Party of National Action -LRB- PAN -RRB- , the grouping of current President Vicente Fox and Calderón , needs to acquire a sincere and profound social conscience .
But , as long they remain relatively powerless , Mexico will remain unbalanced , deprived of the modern left that it needs to combat poverty and inequality , and hostage to those who still believe in revolution and the assault on the Winter Palace .
But change will not happen overnight , so Mexico needs short-term solutions to its travails .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
Vázquez needed some cover on the status of Urugayan immigrants in the US , and mainly , increases in quotas for its exports to the American market .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
Stop building fences -- even if they do make good neighbors &#45; &#45; and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US . It 's hateful , needless , and futile : as Bush said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
That seems to be the case in Mexico , which recently passed new tax and electoral laws -- but not the ones the country needs .
The need for change in America 's policy toward the rest of the hemisphere is two-fold .
But Latin America is deeply troubled ; it needs decisive , bold leadership at home and imaginative , unwavering support abroad .
Cuba needs to return to the regional concert of powers , but it must accept this concert 's rules .
Aside from areas of particular concern -LRB- oil , arms , guerrillas , drugs -RRB- , the US needs Latin America dearly nowadays because resistance to it is springing up everywhere , and with greater virulence than at any time since World War II 's end .
If immigration is to become a less heated issue , the US must address the needs of Latin America 's economies .
But , given the likelihood that Democrats will retain their majorities in the US Congress , even McCain would need to modify the agreement with Colombia in order to get it passed .
Second , more specific provisions on labor , the environment , gender equality , and indigenous rights are needed , as well as anti-trust , regulatory , and judicial reform provisions , for reasons both of principle and political expediency .
Most immediately , Calderón had to address his immediate predecessor 's failure to implement any of the major reforms that Mexico needed .
But the Mexican left , while no longer as weak as it was after its defeat in 2006 , has always needed foreign role models .
The second consideration is that this behavior will continue . The reason seems clear enough : Cuba needs international aid desperately , and there are not too many places where it can find it .
I believe that Calderón declared this war because he felt the need to legitimize himself before Mexico 's people , given the doubts surrounding his victory in the 2006 presidential election -- doubts that his supporters , like me , never shared .
By international standards , arms spending in Latina America is low relative to GDP ; but it is nonetheless excessive relative to the region 's needs .
But whoever wins will need new ideas and initiatives to reinvigorate a dormant institution .
Evolution - whether of microbes or humans - involves pushing at the margins , going a little bit further than yesterday or last year , driven by the need to find additional sources of food .
There is thus an urgent need to reassert the core character and identity of Europe .
Of course , the crisis does highlight the need to strengthen the EU 's institutions and instruments for common action and coordination .
We need final and complete ratification of the Lisbon Treaty in order to have the institutionally and internationally stronger European Union we need .
Nor should today 's uncertainties become an excuse to call into question the need to continue and complete the process of EU enlargement .
Indeed , we need to send a strong signal to our neighbors in the Western Balkans that their European perspective is still alive , as reaffirmed by the European Heads of State in 2008 .
Globally , Europe needs to promote an open , inclusive , and effective system of international governance .
We need to integrate today 's emerging powers into a new system of global governance .
The European Union , though not in need of a `` reset '' because of strained ties with its eastern neighbors , is involved in a deep strategic reconstruction of those relations .
The global financial crisis had made an updated and strengthened policy for the EU 's eastern neighborhood an urgent need .
It is imperative that the EU build societies that are seen as global leaders in social , political , and technological innovation -- all will be urgently needed in the transition to the low-carbon economy that is coming .
The year that has just passed has demonstrated -- in the handling of the financial crisis and in trying to tackle climate change -- both the need for and the difficulties of creating a new paradigm of global governance .
Few things will be needed more in the years to come .
And improved therapies mean that patients can be treated with drugs that work better -LRB- and that patients are more likely to receive the full dose needed -RRB- .
With a growing number of cancer survivors , we need to understand better the twin processes of tumor dormancy and metastatic cancer recurrence .
But , given the growing numbers of cancer survivors , the need for this knowledge is becoming more pressing .
We also need to understand better the prevalence of long-term dormant disease in patients .
If we are to continue to improve on cancer survival statistics , we need to learn how to prevent , delay , or thwart the processes that give rise to metastatic disease .
And the international community , which provides almost a third of the resources needed to make the country work , is being alienated .
The only plausible explanation is the need to clear the way for his re-election as president , whatever the cost .
Two years into his term , Ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow him to seek a second consecutive term .
Were adequate primary education available to India 's poor -- or , for that matter , to America 's poor urban blacks -- there would be no need for reserved places in higher education and elsewhere .
Immigrants need to get to work and so they buy , sell , drive , and abandon cars in a parallel market .
Probably no other state governor has the political clout to win against the tide of activists who regard offering an undocumented immigrant a driver 's license as tantamount to offering them work , which they already have , and legitimacy , which they apparently do n't need to work .
Or the Reagan and Bush I era of interventionism that , depending on your point of view , either saved the region from revolutionaries or suppressed needed change .
In a recent editorial , `` China Needs Overseas Bases for Global Role , '' the newspaper urged the outside world to `` understand China 's need to set up overseas military bases . ''
Indeed , to get into the Great Power maritime game , China needs Gwadar to redress its main weakness -- the absence of a naval anchor in the Indian Ocean region , where it plans to have an important military presence .
To defeat Al Qaeda , the US does n't need a troop buildup -- certainly not in Afghanistan .
Meanwhile , China 's resurrection of its long-dormant claim to the northeastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh , and its needling of India over Kashmir -LRB- one-fifth of which is under Chinese control -RRB- , is testing the new US-India global strategic partnership .
Today , they need to find ways to reconcile their interests in Asia so that they can coexist peacefully and prosper .
China 's Construction Fetish NEW HAVEN -- As we digest the implications of China 's $ 586 billion stimulus plan , it is intriguing to ponder why China chooses infrastructure , buildings , and big projects every time growth needs a boost .
Such increased accountability will shift government spending toward programs related to people 's needs and away from physical structures .
To correct this , China needs to boost its people 's sense of future financial security and affect a rise in private income commensurate with GDP growth .
The first type is their own sources and methods , which need to be safeguarded if they are to remain effective when gathering data .
Indeed , he needs China 's help in persuading recalcitrant North Korea into seriously negotiating nuclear disarmament .
Taiwan has its own domestic constituencies that need stroking .
Might it hold the key to a way to better preserve scarce organs needed for transplants ?
This needs to be the year when a cure for environmental degradation is found and a far more intelligent management of a natural world starts taking shape : this will be a key breakthrough for the wealth but also increasingly the health of humanity in the 21st century .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
More tantalizing for humanity 's need for widely available , clean base-load power is the non-conventional geothermal energy called `` hot dry rocks , '' or HDR .
But , with no natural steam or hot water to bring the energy to the surface , an engineered solution is needed , and , during the past 35 years , more than $ 600 million has been spent worldwide devising one .
India needs to know if Musharraf is sincere .
Seen as too pro-American because of his support of the recent war in Afghanistan , Musharraf needs to burnish his nationalist credentials .
To get poor societies to grow , we need to change their cultures , not just their institutions and associated incentives , and that requires exposing more people in these societies to life in advanced economies .
And the question will certainly loom that if functions can be restored for those in need , is it right to use these technologies to enhance the abilities of healthy individuals ?
Will a user need some kind of license and obligatory insurance to operate a prosthesis ?
Patients will need to be trained in generating the appropriate neural signals to direct the prosthetic limb .
Similar safeguards will be needed for neuroprostheses , including in research .
For example , many in the deaf community have rejected cochlear implants , because they do not regard deafness as a disability that needs to be corrected , but as a part of their life and cultural identity .
The $ 82 billion `` emergency supplemental '' bill to finance American military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan leaves the United States spending more money on military power than is needed on a yearly basis to permit every child in the world to receive , within one decade , both primary and secondary education .
These funds will be needed for schools , teachers , teacher training , materials and equipment , administration , and assessments .
Not included is the cost of other improvements needed to encourage children to attend school , such as meals , tuition subsidies , and more effective , dynamic , and knowledgeable teachers .
Ensuring high-quality education for all children requires an open discussion of educational goals , an international commitment to improving its effectiveness and economic efficiency , recognition of the need to extend secondary education to all children , and acknowledgment of educational diversity and the need to adapt aid policies to local contexts .
The world , or even the US by itself , has the ability to provide the additional funds needed .
But who can reasonably claim to know what shape the EU will need to take to meet the challenges of the next 50 or 100 years ?
What we Europeans now need most of all is to embark on precisely the opposite course .
Second , although an `` amoral '' international system may be necessary to support pluralism , an individual country 's foreign policy need not be value-free .
At times dialogue with terrorists may be needed ; there may be reason to avoid making this impossible by fixating too rigidly on moral imperatives and condemning all terrorists as unspeakable criminals .
Israel 's President Ezer Weizmann , a former pilot , responded : `` You must have serious enemies if you need these helicopters .
But we need up-to-date aircraft ... to join NATO . '
For the fact is that most pigs are bred and slaughtered here in a way that fails to meet EU standards , and no one is prepared to invest the money needed to get our piggeries up to Union levels .
This is why Tudor desperately needs a patina of democratic respectability .
Because financial institutions held much of these securities , their market values declined as well , leaving balance sheets in need of restructuring , particularly given their highly leveraged capital structures .
If the government could identify how the economy needed to be restructured and provide incentives to move resources more quickly in that direction , a properly designed program could alleviate and shorten the recession .
High-level collusion enables thousands of tons of chemical precursors , needed to produce heroin , to be trucked into the country .
To achieve this , Afghanistan needs more development assistance .
International support so far has been generous , but it is still well below per capita equivalents for other post-conflict situations -- and the need is much greater .
That situation needs to be reversed . We must punish the traffickers and reward the farmers .
Countries like Guinea Bissau need help , fast . While the amount of investment needed is minimal , failure to act will be very costly .
Despite the violence , commercial activity has also risen , because Iraqis are now free to import the equipment and goods they need to build homes , run stores , and operate trucking companies .
Reforms are needed if Europe really wants to become a competitive , knowledge-based economy , and not merely the most regulated one .
Europe needs to make the likes of Microsoft and Intel feel at home in Brussels , Paris , or Berlin , not to become a political market leader in supplying sympathetic verdicts to market losers .
Balancing its need for growth with climate protection makes China 's role precarious .
Indeed , there is no need to embellish the political message for China .
That help is needed , because Ethiopians are prone to malnutrition , disease , and natural calamity .
· While the Development Assistance Group , created by the EU and other principal donors to coordinate aid projects in Ethiopia , has improved the efficiency of donor contributions , a vigorous monitoring component is needed to ensure that international resources do not support policies that are anathema to human rights values ;
One , of course , concerns the supposed `` clash of civilisations '' : how do we keep a focused and limited conflict between the UN and Iraq distinct from the need to maintain a relationship of dialogue between world religions ?
On the contrary , they need to stand together against the Communist threat .
Indeed , after a decade or so , the need to draw clear lines and tell all , including the painful stories , became overwhelming .
One is the need to establish an effective administration to make certain that new policies of tolerance and market economics are actually implemented .
People no longer think of parliaments as representing them and thus vested with the legitimacy needed to take decisions on their behalf .
Democracy needs time , not just for elections , but for deliberation and the exercise of checks and balances .
Their real triumph occurred in 1989 , when Communism collapsed and the emerging new societies needed a language to express their goals .
It may even serve to strengthen trust in the true independence of judges , who are badly needed as an instance of last resort , when the rights of individuals is at risk -- and hence the very rule of law itself .
A third need is to preserve , and in many cases to recreate , what one might call islands of security .
Perhaps we need a new Enlightenment to spread the confidence we need to live with insecurity in freedom .
Such leaders are using religion for their own highly modern political purposes ; they use it to organize and mobilize their supporters - to commit individual or collective suicide , if need be .
People who are suspended between a lost past and a future not yet gained need help .
Both President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair urgently need a plausible exit strategy from Iraq .
The answer need not be all despair .
Perhaps what Iraq needs most is not a ballot box , but an Atatürk .
There are indications that he shares the old central European prejudice of America as a materialist civilization that provides the wherewithal -- but not the ideas -- for what needs to be done .
There is a need , however , for a healthy skepticism towards the claims of a meritocracy based on academic achievement alone .
I no longer needed to hide as I had done after my release from a Gestapo camp at the beginning of February .
Ralf Dahrendorf thinks that both sides of the Atlantic need to look beyond the trivial and rediscover the common interests and values of the West .
What Germany needs is , in fact , fairly clear .
It needs to accept that globalization is above all an opportunity , one that must be grasped by confident , innovative , and entrepreneurial people .
Germans need to understand again -- as they did so well after 1945 -- that their future lies in their own hands , as citizens , rather than in the power of some remote State .
Above all , Germany must appreciate that the changes it needs are improvements that would guarantee its future security .
What has come to be called money laundering , that is , the attempt to turn illicit gains into legitimate riches , provides one example of the need for action .
In a sense , we need more rather than less presidentialism in Europe , at least if this is understood in the proper American way , in which legislative and executive powers are separately legitimated and equally strong .
Existing parties urgently need to recapture the support of citizens .
Likewise , the leader of Britain 's Conservatives , David Cameron , startled more old-fashioned supporters of his party by saying that people released from prison `` need , above all , love . ''
As a result , fringe parties stepped in with slogans about countries being `` swamped '' by immigrants and the need to preserve the `` purity '' of nations .
Some home truths about the migration of people need to be remembered and the necessary consequences drawn .
Third , it is misleading to argue for a certain amount of immigration in terms of the need to fill certain high-tech or other positions .
Rich countries need immigrants nowadays in order to fill the jobs that Adair Turner , in his book Just Capital , calls `` high-touch '' jobs .
This is not pleasant to say . Using migrants to provide for the needs of natives , but without letting the migrants share all the benefits , is morally unattractive .
Both possibilities need to be on offer , but there is a lot to be said for the second .
It is often said that Germany in particular needs what one former German president called a push -LRB- Ruck -RRB- to mobilize the dormant forces of its people .
Of course , the main obstacle to electoral reform is the need to persuade those whose jobs depend on maintaining the status quo .
Even more starkly unbalanced political landscapes can be found in France and Italy , where neither President Chirac nor Prime Minister Berlusconi need fear their challengers ; indeed neither has a challenger to speak of .
However , the crying need for an effective institutional , usually parliamentary , opposition is evident .
To defend our liberty we need domestic democracy at least as much as a readiness to attack whatever `` forces of evil '' may exist elsewhere in the world .
Even Britain 's Secretary of State for Education admits that higher education would need 18 billion additional euros in the budget merely to return standards of education to where they were ten years ago in terms of staff-student ratios and the condition of buildings and equipment .
Thus , alternatives will have to be found despite the fact that they all hit groups whose votes governments need for electoral survival .
They must be free to admit students of their choice and to charge them what is needed .
A remarkable observation supports this analogy : viruses behave like individual pieces of programs , using the cell as the machine needed to make them multiply and subsequently propagate -LRB- often by destroying the machine -RRB- .
Moreover , the high-quality population data needed for credible estimates may not be available due to their `` sensitive nature , '' or because they never have been collected -LRB- sometimes the case in developing nations -RRB- , or because refugee movements have made data obsolete .
The famous Brundtland Commission Report of 1987 defined sustainable development as '' ... development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs . ''
Eighteen months ago , at the Tampere summit , EU leaders said that they recognized `` the need for more efficient management of migration flows . '' What they really meant , however , was stronger measures to tackle illegal immigration .
First , on a medium-term time-scale , the EU needs substantial immigrants .
Third , Eastern Europe will itself need substantial immigration .
Two strategic footnotes need to be added to this scenario .
This regional pattern , of population decline in Europe , Russia and Ukraine , needs to be set against the larger picture of a 3 billion increase globally , mainly in the developing world .
It is difficult to avoid the implication that Europe 's need for immigrants is likely to combine with massive , and probably irresistible , migratory pressure from developing countries to the developed world .
The EU will , instead , need a large , managed immigration policy .
Britain may or may not join the Euro , but the policies adopted by Labor -- privatization , low budget deficits , low inflation , an independent central bank -- are precisely those it would need if it did decide to join .
Instead the Bush administration decided to wage the war essentially on its own ; for this kind of small war , it really did not need its European allies , although in the latter stages of the fighting , French Mirage jets , and British , German , Danish , and Norwegian special forces troops were active in battles in the mountains along the Afghanistan\/Pakistan border .
When a politician goes to his electorate , he needs to be able to say what he wants to do and why ; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree .
In particular , member states will need to think much more radically about developing a strong EU foreign and security policy , for two reasons .
In theory , the advantage of this `` big bang '' enlargement is that it may concentrate minds on the need for a radical re-think of the decision-making processes in a bigger EU .
On these occasions existing members pretended that they need not fundamentally change the EU 's institutional arrangements .
In the past , small member states used to gravitate towards federalist positions , because they calculated that they needed strong central institutions to contain the power of the large member states -LRB- especially France -RRB- .
Voters will not be impressed by the Treasury 's mumbo-jumbo ; they will need strong , simple arguments that Britain will be better off by joining .
For the general expectation is that if France rejects the Constitution , the Constitution would be dead , and no British referendum would be needed .
The Bankers ' Capital War PARIS -- Almost everyone nowadays agrees that banks need more capital .
In fact , the view that banks need more capital , while widespread , is not unanimous .
But in his great work on finance , Lombard Street , published in 1873 , he asserted that , `` A well-run bank needs no capital .
No amount of capital will rescue a badly run bank . '' I expect that Dimon , who has steered Morgan through the crisis without the need for public support , would say `` amen . ''
Moreover , the banks assume that they will need to hold more capital than regulators ostensibly require in order to maintain a margin of safety .
The arrival of `` say on pay '' provisions in the US -- whereby boards will need to put their compensation policies to a shareholder vote in future -- may focus minds , though the impact of similar provisions in the UK has been modest .
The overriding conclusion that emerges from any analysis of these unhappy events is that nothing will ever be the same again : the relationship between the state and the markets needs to be rethought .
We need new capital , and new approaches to management , in the banking system .
Bernanke 's performance over the last two years has won high praise , and an extended political fight over control of US monetary policy was the last thing the world needed at what is still a very delicate moment for the global economy .
Indeed , just recently he defended that policy , whereas many other central bankers have tacitly or explicitly accepted that they need a new approach to credit and asset prices .
The crisis has demonstrated that we need this plain speaking .
Nout Wellink of the Dutch Central Bank has explicitly said that more disclosure would one day be needed as the ECB reaches maturity .
This points to a clear need to revisit the terms of the Nice Treaty .
But it is increasingly clear that the eurozone needs a major overhaul if it is to survive .
And the ECB 's voting arrangements are one further element in need of reform .
The tighter their controls on risk in banks , the more frontier police the regulators will need .
Some economists have begun to argue that central banks need not be so wary of intervening .
And it is likely that there will be a need for exchange controls , certainly on short-term capital flows , whether permanently or from time to time .
We could easily be `` stimulating '' and `` rescuing '' the economy for a rather long time , in ways that only delay the needed adjustment , before we are finally forced to allow the required creative destruction to occur .
But that straightforward picture bears little resemblance to the complexities of real scientific activity : if applied science involved nothing more than the application of the results of pure science , there would be no need for `` research and development '' departments in manufacturing corporations , or research laboratories at chemical or electronics companies .
But we need to think of better measures of the body 's integrity to test this idea more fully .
As we have come across these specific findings , we have realized that each link might need a different explanation .
For this to happen , clarity on four key political points is needed this year .
First , clarity is needed on ambitious , legally binding emission-reduction targets for industrialized countries .
We need to know how significant financial resources will be generated to help developing countries both limit the growth of their emissions and adapt to the effects of climate change .
However , the Bali action plan addresses the need for developing countries to adopt nationally appropriate mitigation actions .
Because the carbon market can not be the sole instrument , government-to-government cooperation will be needed as well .
Europe needs energy supplies from Central Asia , and Central Asia needs European investment .
After 9\/11 , the alliance came to the conclusion that threats may need to be dealt with on a worldwide basis , which explains NATO 's presence in Afghanistan .
Consideration also needs to be given , therefore , to the establishment of a NATO-China Council , along the lines of the NATO-Russia Council , and to the creation of arrangements that would facilitate greater cooperation with the SCO as a whole .
Cooperation would also need to comprise much more than mere joint policy development , and should involve the practical pursuit of mutually beneficial , smaller-scale ad hoc projects .
But more steps are needed .
In particular , indefinite detention without trial needs to be addressed to avoid the recurrence of problems .
But nor do recent positive developments eliminate the need for structural economic reforms .
Lula 's countrymen , who elected him overwhelmingly , need rapid economic growth and job creation .
Thus , let national negotiators , local leaders , and communities determine what their economic needs and priorities are , and let insurgents determine their preferred venue for reintegration .
What needs to be avoided is a failure -- such as occurred in Haiti following its devastating earthquake -- to move from the first stage to the second .
Thus , a new yardstick is needed to measure success .
Furthermore , foreign investors do not want to deal with diplomats or civil servants . They want to talk to private-sector experts who understand the technical and financial needs of their companies or sectors .
Moreover , most FDI promotion agencies in the region lack the minimum financial and human resources needed in order to be effective , owing to governments ' lack of political will to support them and to eliminate parallel processes that confuse investors .
The team will also need `` promoters '' in these locations , with public-relations expertise and technical knowledge of the country and the clusters .
Finally , the team will need local `` service providers '' with technical knowledge of specific clusters to support foreign investors once they have located in the country , thereby ensuring that they remain and expand .
Without inclusive and dynamic growth , sustainable peace will remain elusive , and , in the current environment of higher scrutiny and significant competing needs , donors will be hard pressed to justify committing the large financial aid package that they have pledged .
Short-term emergency policies are needed to deal with high unemployment , home foreclosures , business bankruptcies , and often with hunger , disease , and a number of other ills .
While programs in industrial and emerging economies aimed at addressing the financial crisis have been broadly debated at the national and international level , the debate about Afghanistan and Iraq has been narrowly focused on military and security issues , undermining the need for a major effort at effective reconstruction .
Just as world leaders have led the global discussion on policies to resolve the financial crisis , they should start a broad-based debate on the international community 's future involvement in Afghanistan , Iraq , and other war-torn countries , where better living conditions are needed to give the local population a stake in the peace process .
Peace-related activities -- particularly reintegration and other reconciliation programs -- need to be given priority in budget allocations .
Cash payments should be minimized to immediate short-term needs , but an active policy of job creation urgently needs to be implemented .
Outsiders should also remind America that its population is aging and that big savings will be needed to pay for the looming retirement of the baby boomers .
The ECB contends that the core economies of the global North -- Germany , France , Britain , the United States , and Japan -- are now at the point where they need rapid fiscal retrenchment and austerity , because financial markets ' confidence in the quality of their debt is shaken , and may collapse at any moment .
When people who in other circumstances could be happy , healthy , and productive members of the workforce lack the skills , confidence , social networks , and experience needed to find work worth paying for , we obviously have a problem .
BERKELEY -- It is said that the early nineteenth-century British economist J.R. McCulloch originated the old joke that the only training a parrot needs to be a passable political economist is one phrase : `` supply and demand , supply and demand . ''
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
For two centuries , far-sighted Ottoman viziers had argued for the need to spur Turkey 's economic and technological development : back in 1453 , Sultan Mehmet II 's armies had conquered Constantinople , because Mehmet had built the most technologically advanced and powerful artillery in the world .
There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation -- and possibly three generations -- behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy , and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology .
So , what America needs now is not just a recovery in demand , but also structural adjustment .
But what astonishes me even more is the apparent failure of academic economics to take steps to prepare itself for the future . `` We need to change our hiring patterns , '' I expected to hear economics departments around the world say in the wake of the crisis .
The fact is that we need fewer efficient-markets theorists and more people who work on microstructure , limits to arbitrage , and cognitive biases .
We need fewer equilibrium business-cycle theorists and more old-fashioned Keynesians and monetarists .
We need more monetary historians and historians of economic thought and fewer model-builders .
We need more Eichengreens , Shillers , Akerlofs , Reinharts , and Rogoffs -- not to mention a Kindleberger , Minsky , or Bagehot .
If it is , the world needs to develop other institutions for global management -- and quickly .
As its outgoing president , Jean-Claude Trichet , put it , the ECB has `` only one needle on -LRB- its -RRB- compass , and that is inflation . '' The ECB 's refusal to be a lender of last resort forced the creation of a surrogate institution , the European Financial Stability Facility .
The comparison between the late 1990 's and early 2000 's in America and in Western Europe compels us to reflect on how fragile the underlying institutional mechanisms needed to support rapid economic growth truly are . Western Europe and the US are both post-industrial democracies .
The exact amount depends on how rapidly Americans re-direct their spending from imports to domestically-produced goods , and how much of an expected recovery in the dollar 's exchange rate is needed to persuade investors to hold US assets while the spending switchover takes place .
In a discussion with President Clinton ... I mentioned that one sector where we needed to push for reduced trade barriers was fish .
We , too , need to keep our eye on the big picture .
We looked at how extraordinarily strongly the world 's system of relative prices was tilted against the poor : how cheap were the products they exported , and how expensive were the capital goods that they needed to import in order to industrialize and develop .
Another source is investors who feared losing their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990 's , techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer , and the third-world rich , who think a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat .
But an effective market economy needs to minimize the incentives and opportunities for corruption , or it will turn into something worse .
Capital markets can get the allocation of investment badly wrong , but governments are likely to get it wrong even worse , and the incentives to corrupt bureaucrats do need to be kept as low as possible .
By 2000 , European senior bureaucrats began to dread the approach of each international meeting as the likely occasion for yet another lecture by the Americans on how Europe needed to become much more like America right now .
Learning needs to go both ways .
China 's government regards the threat of capital losses on its dollar-denominated securities as less important than the need to maintain near-full employment in coastal manufacturing cities like Shanghai .
If consumers go on a spending binge , we expect the world 's central banks to raise interest rates to cool off construction spending and free up the resources needed to prevent shortage-inducing inflation .
Attempts to shave costs by economizing on energy use reduce pollution . Higher prices for oil substitutes spur research into other energy technologies - research that is much needed today if we are to tackle the problems of global climate change tomorrow .
Were it not for the Stability and Growth Pact , a Keynesian spending-led program could provide the demand needed to reduce unemployment .
These same Republicans also argued for government spending restraint while blocking the institutional changes to Congressional procedures needed to make spending restraint possible .
Fifteen years ago , the consensus was that America 's Social Security System was in huge trouble , that it needed the equivalent of an engine rebuild .
To what extent do we hold on to our belief that when it comes to saving lives , medical care should be distributed on the basis of patients ' needs , not their wealth ?
Yes , the US needs tax increases to move the federal budget into surplus and policies to boost private savings .
But the world also needs policies to boost investment in Asia , Latin America , the Middle East , and Africa .
They are relying on economists ' basic predisposition to believe that more information is always better than less , that individuals are good judges of what they need to know , and that they are able to evaluate and place in perspective what they know .
What are needed are intermediary organizations that will grant a measure of control to foreigners , allow diversification across a wider range of US-located assets , and yet still appear 100 % American to US politicians .
And the $ 65 billion needed every month to fund the US current-account deficit continues to flow in .
You also needed a few good basic institutions . `` Security of property and tolerable administration of justice , '' as Smith put it .
The problem is that for poor economies , raising the capital needed to relax binding growth constraints is difficult .
Of course , governments need to run deficits in depressions in order to stimulate demand and stem rising unemployment .
Either central banks would manage somehow to thread the needle and guide exchange rates and asset prices back to some stable and sustainable equilibrium configuration , or the chaos and disruption in financial markets would spill over into the real economy and a major global downturn would begin .
For retirees and other people who need to spend soon , the year-to-year variability of the stock market commands caution .
But for those who do not need to spend soon , the recent decline in equity values is more an opportunity than a catastrophe .
With that guarantee broken by Lehman Brothers ' collapse , every financial institution immediately sought to acquire a much greater capital cushion in order to avoid the need to draw on government support , but found it impossible to do so .
Fiscal stimulus is needed as well .
In response , central banks should purchase government bonds for cash in as large a quantity as needed to push their prices up as high as possible .
In addition , governments need to run extra-large deficits .
The problem is that the Geithner Plan appears to me to be too small -- between one-eight and one-half of what it needs to be .
My guess is that the reason that the US government is not doing all it should can be stated in three words : Senator George Voinovich , who is the 60th vote in the Senate -- the vote needed to close off debate and enact a bill .
To do anything that requires legislative action , the Obama administration needs Voinovich and the 59 other senators who are more inclined to support it .
A world population that peaks at 9-10 billion is not one in which we have to worry about Parson Malthus , the English 19th century economist who prophesied a future in which people multiply faster than the resources needed to sustain them and hence starve to death by the millions .
`` Exporting food is one of the few ways we can earn the foreign exchange we need to buy modern industrial technology , '' they say .
Some need to export steel .
The Hidden Purposes of High Finance BERKELEY -- No one questions the usefulness of `` low '' finance : the ability to use checks , banknotes , and credit cards rather than having to cart around chests of silver , scales , and reagents to assay purity , and needing armed guards to protect the silver -- and more guards to watch the first set of guards -- has obvious efficiencies .
Bernanke 's deep knowledge of the Great Depression and of financial crises is exactly what America -- and the world -- needs in a Fed chair now .
But I do think that modern macroeconomists need to be rounded up , on pain of loss of tenure , and sent to a year-long boot camp with the assembled monetary historians of the world as their drill sergeants .
They need to listen to and learn from Dick Sylla about Alexander Hamilton 's bank rescue of 1825 ; from Charlie Calomiris about the Overend , Gurney crisis ; from Michael Bordo about the first bankruptcy of Baring brothers ; and from Barry Eichengreen , Christy Romer , and Ben Bernanke about the Great Depression .
That would have preserved the functioning of the system while severely punishing the banking and shadow-banking systems ' equity holders , and today nobody would be claiming that their risk management practices were adequate and did not need reform .
Thus , policies aimed at boosting employment by the end of , say , this calendar year needed to be put in place about a year ago to have time to have reached their full effect .
Given the depth of political polarization in the US , and thus the need for 60 of 100 votes in the Senate to end a Republican filibuster , there is no sign of it being able to do so .
Let 's then imagine what Europe needs to do to confront its most pressing challenges , especially if it were able to do so without the political constraints of 50 years of EU deal-making and ramshackle institution-building .
Europe needs a clearer and more recognizable global agenda .
It needs to build substantially on its leadership on climate change by adopting much tougher EU goals , and then use its international economic and trade clout to champion new global emissions standards that scientific opinion can accept as meaningful .
Agreed EU-wide immigration rules are needed to reconcile shrinking Europe 's hunger for imported labor with widespread fears of cultural tensions and social unrest .
Meanwhile , doubts still surround the political and institutional machinery the EU will need to realize these and other ambitious goals .
Why bind up Chinese capital to finance America 's debt-consumption economy , they ask , when so many needs go unmet at home ?
To speed the process , a new long-term strategy aimed at the underlying factors at work in North Korea -- and in relations with its rulers -- is needed .
Simply put , the US and other powers need to pursue constructive economic engagement with North Korea to help the regime achieve `` strength and prosperity '' through economic transition and integration with the global economy .
Moreover , Kim , too , needs assurances from Hu -- not that Chinese aid is coming , but that the Americans , South Koreans , and Japanese are prepared to give and take .
But one way or another , President Lee needs to find a way to get inter-Korean relations back on a peaceful track .
The paradox of Latin America 's food crisis is that , although the region is a major food producer , it sometimes needs to rely on imports to prevent sporadic shortages .
To stem this trend , the emerging economies of North Africa , as well as those of Eastern Europe , need to develop homegrown human capital by raising their populations ' skill levels .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
If you need any further information regarding this chronicle or the ETF please do n't hesitate to contact Director Peter de Rooij , tel. : +39 011630224 8 , fax : +39 011630 2200 or e-mail : peter.de-rooij@etf.eu.int
Economically , politically , institutionally , Turkey needs the `` anchor '' of the European integration process .
The situation here is not unlike that which the EU faced in Eastern Europe , a region which also needed an `` anchor '' after the fall of communism .
What is needed is a large worldwide fiscal stimulus to counteract falling private demand .
Several countries have already announced measures , but there is a need to evaluate what they all amount to in reality .
We also need to assess the quality of these packages .
There needs to be a strategy , priorities must be weighed , and empirical evidence analyzed .
Extending social safety nets helps the most vulnerable and is likely to have high multiplier effects , as the need to spend is most urgent for the poorest people .
Tangible progress is needed in global trade negotiations in order to signal that the world economy will remain open .
The next US president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare America for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments , global trends can have local implications , and America 's international authority will confront Asia 's newfound clout .
If the US is serious about `` fair '' trade , they say , the new administration will need , for example , to deal with the unfairness of agricultural subsidies , which led to the collapse of the Doha round of World Trade Organization talks .
Most importantly , a trade policy must be articulated that is both free and fair -LRB- not only for US workers , but also for Asian workers -RRB- , and that reassures Asians that Obama will be aware of their needs .
The need for Obama to address the region 's new realities early in his tenure has been underlined by the current financial crisis , which has made abundantly clear that the center of global economic power has shifted toward the East .
Doing so will show that relations need not be defined only through political conflict .
Indeed , the Rajapaksa government , and the majority Sinhalese , must understand that the political and economic reforms needed to achieve a lasting peace are inextricably intertwined .
Nevertheless , victory over the Tigers need not rule out some form of decentralization that guarantees the Tamils some political say , so long as a degree of local autonomy does not destroy Sri Lanka 's unity .
Some of what needs to be done , including the sequencing of reconstruction measures , is now better understood -- not least due to the different recent experiences in rebuilding Bosnia , Colombia , and other war-torn states .
These efforts demonstrated the need to have an effective legal system and functioning state institutions before embarking on big structural reforms .
But the stubborn inertia of authoritarian regimes only encourages radicalization , so there is a clear need for a gradual process of liberalization .
What is needed instead are policies that reflect particular circumstances in different states and regions , together with an awareness that democracy is , above all , a statement about national realities and depends primarily on domestic factors .
· Sustain long-term commitments . Initiatives such as the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership and the European Neighborhood Policy need sustained political engagement and resources if they are to work .
On this view , NATO is merely to serve as a means to mobilize Europeans to tackle the inevitable postwar stabilization and reconstruction missions - obviating the need for the US to place its forces under NATO command .
But as NATO 's Secretary General has said , if it is the mission that defines the coalition , then NATO - a permanent alliance - is no longer needed .
One need only look at today 's Russia , or recall Algeria in the 1990 's .
Because supplies of donated medicines can be unpredictable , they can create chaos in the market by preventing accurate quantification of needs and thus affecting planning .
More needs to be done on the issue of IP rights -- the sacred cow of the pharmaceutical industry .
While preventing cervical cancer might seem a genuine benefit , critics charge that the program seems to be mainly about meeting targets , rather than serving the health-care needs of disadvantaged groups .
The `` good offices '' approach is effective when the weight of the world is behind it and , put simply , Gambari has not been given the clout he needs .
While the world watches , Burma 's generals are consolidating their tyrannical rule as hundreds of thousands of the cyclone 's survivors remain in desperate need of shelter , clean drinking water and medical care .
They will need quickly to face up to the reality that in order to pursue US interests in the region , including stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan , the current standoff with Iran can not continue , and that a greater degree of cooperation is unavoidable .
What is needed is a process that rebuilds trust and communication so that the give-and-take of negotiation is perceived as serving mutual interests rather than serving up insults to national dignity or identity .
Roughly 16 % of total energy needs -LRB- up to 25 % in the highly industrialized countries -RRB- are now met by electric energy .
Furthermore , during the past 10 years , only about two-thirds of worldwide demand for nuclear fuel -- about 68,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent are needed for 2010 -- was met from resources obtained from mining .
The view that the amount of energy derived from nuclear power worldwide will continue its slow decrease during the coming years is further supported by the 2008 annual report of the Euratom Supply Agency , which coordinates the long-term uranium needs of nuclear power plants within the European Union .
Instead , they use the language of realpolitik and remind us that we are too weak to challenge the West , and that our economy - devastated by war , sanctions and NATO bombing - desperately needs the loans and credits that come under the condition that extraditions to the Hague are made .
President Kostunica also accepts the need to cooperate with the Hague but is more concerned to protect the country 's sovereignty and preserve a semblance of national dignity .
But it is obvious that in the period of transition through which Serbia is going , there is a need for a strong , well-organized European-style social-democratic party to address these issues .
This certainty means that Ko¨tunica need not actively court Se¨elj supporters or other nationalists .
He was seen in the West as a reformer , and reform may not proceed without him . If it does not , urgently needed Western investment wo n't materialize .
Sadly , he may also have needed the support of some crime bosses at the outset .
Serbia is poor and Western aid is desperately needed .
Appeasement cost millions of Jews and non-Jews their lives as England and France , allies at the time , negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that Hitler needed to be fought and defeated , because he could not be bound by toothless agreements .
Only two recent American presidents have had the courage needed to shun appeasement : Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush . America 's critics may quibble over the details , but in our hearts we Europeans know the truth , because we saw it first hand .
So , instead of acting to defend our civilization , we prefer to discuss reducing our 35-hour workweek or improving our dental coverage , or extending our four weeks of annual paid vacation . Or perhaps we listen to television pastors preach about the need to `` reach out to terrorists , '' to understand and forgive .
Enhanced surveillance also is needed .
All these are important , all these are remotely affected by IMF policies , none of them can get around the central truth that a country which has hit the ropes needs to practice austerity .
The IMF is an important part of the international financial architecture , but it is in great need of repair .
It needs a strong and respected leadership in the top ranks and it needs a refocusing of its mission and a shift from emergency operations to preventive medicine .
Japan 's budget needs to shift to debt reduction by some 10 % of GDP -- and that in an economy already in recession !
Capitalism , indeed , has always needed its morality tales . But distinctions must be made .
The failure of Long Term Capital Management a few years ago provided a lesson about risk management and the need to not be dreamy-eyed about a string of huge returns .
Two views about today 's prevailing exchange rates exist : the dollar is overvalued dollar and the yen needs a deep depreciation .
But more is needed , and September 's summit in New York will be an important opportunity for countries to voice their full-throated support for innovative financing mechanisms , and thus give the MDGs a fighting chance .
Futures markets have evolved historically in response to market participants ' need to manage price risks , and they are an indispensable marketing tool for many commodities .
At the same time , it is apparent that Mexico must redefine the bilateral relationship according to the country 's specific needs and interests on a case-by-case basis .
Mexico and the US do n't need to be the worst of enemies or the best of friends ; they can just be neighbors .
But if Mexico 's President Vicente Fox is to benefit from his turn hitting the piñata , he will need to take off the blindfold he wears in public where President Bush is concerned .
But Fox needs to move quickly from self-congratulation to action , because Mexico needs a more fulfilling relationship with America than the scanty prizes that are now dropping from Bush 's piñata .
He needs to remember that in Mexico , piñatas are symbols of hope .
Latin America 's economies are organized in a way that concentrates wealth in a few hands , but then leaves it untaxed , depriving governments of the resources needed to invest in their citizens ' human capital .
Bountiful resources such as oil are a bane for democracy in developing countries , because when a government gets the revenues it needs by selling oil , it does n't need to collect taxes .
Governments that do n't need to broaden their tax base have few incentives to respond to the needs of their people .
Indeed , governments that are built on clientelism instead of citizenship do n't need to respond at all .
The problem is no longer too much power in the president 's hands , but too much power in the hands of `` veto centers '' -- including public-sector unions -- that are blocking much-needed reforms , including in the health system .
With more than 40 million people living in poverty and 7,000 killed in drug-related violence last year , Mexico will need to reform quickly to address what the virus has brought to light : a government far removed from the suffering of ordinary people and too frequently insensitive to their plight .
It hid economic distortions , allowing successive governments to postpone needed structural reform as it financed the status quo . Mexico was able to float along , buoyed by billions of dollars of oil revenue , without having to swim more quickly or forcefully than its competitors in the sea of emerging markets .
It needs to rethink the fundamentals of an economy and political system in which entrenched interests have become `` veto centers '' for reform .
Even before the Georgia crisis , Russia already saw a need to revisit the mechanisms of European security , including its international and regional institutions and their functions .
We need NATO and NATO needs us in order to face common threats and challenges .
Europe needs an integrated , solid , and indivisible system of comprehensive security .
In short , we need to retain the hardware , but update the software .
SEATTLE -- The recent pledge of $ 350 million by African leaders and the international community to help the more than 13 million people facing starvation in the Horn of Africa underscores the need for continued attention and funding to prevent this tragedy from claiming and scarring even more lives .
But , while much more needs to be done to meet the immediate needs of this famine 's victims , we should also be thinking now about long-term solutions to preclude food crises on this scale from happening in the first place .
They have no margin for error , so they need to increase their chances of producing a crop .
The first focused on 225,000 of Ethiopia 's most at-risk farmers , and got them what they needed immediately : food .
Instead of needing food assistance , many of the farm families were able to cope with the harsh weather and look forward to a harvest .
That is why it is more important than ever for international donors and African governments to continue to support programs that give small farmers access to the good seeds , quality tools , and reliable markets that they need to become self-sufficient .
The CTBT is needed because of the role of nuclear tests in the development and improvement of nuclear weapons .
Other treaties are needed as well , especially one outlawing the production of fissile materials for use in nuclear weapons .
Today , Europe needs peace between cultures as much as it once needed peace between nations , and it is for this reason that we must welcome Turkey into our midst .
They also need an effective rapprochement -- going beyond diplomacy -- that implies greater investment in bilateral institutions .
As far as I 'm concerned , the ultimate goal should be not so much a better health care system , but a population so healthy that it hardly needs health care .
But , in this increasingly confusing world , we need to spend a little more time laboring to ensure our own intellectual integrity -- a task that we can not outsource to governments or even to media .
Buyers and sellers can find one another , schoolchildren can find information needed for their homework , and sick people can find health information .
No governmental `` information agency '' is needed .
The data also need to be easy to manipulate so that third parties - whether commercial data services or journalists -- can create compelling and revealing visualizations .
A government CIO also needs to remind us that as wonderful as the Internet is , it is most useful to people who can read and write .
The CIO also needs to take a serious look at information security -- in conjunction with the CIOs of other countries -LRB- since cybercrime knows no borders -RRB- .
First , sending an e-mail will need to cost more than it does currently .
Second , Internet service providers , which are in the best position to manage the security of individual users ' machines , need to get more involved -- again with a system that understands the costs of poor security and charges those costs back to the people responsible .
There are many such examples ; all we need is better information to find them and take action , whether inside the government or in the private sector .
Every country needs a CIO who can inspire its people with the power of information .
We need to enable people to defend themselves against others ; prevent innocent , well-meaning people from becoming infected and harming others ; and reduce the incentives and ability of the ill-intentioned to do harm .
ISPs need to pass these costs on to their customers . But they wo n't , because they compete mostly on price .
So customers need to demand security as part of their service , while ISPs need to shun ISPs that do n't comply .
In Finland , at least , all you need from the government is a certificate of inspection , which costs about ¤ 100 -LRB- $ 135 -RRB- .
Although recent reports of the International Working Group of sovereign funds have indicated the difficulties in applying uniform governance standards , several measures are needed in order to bring Libya back to global capital markets .
More efforts along the lines of the EU 's `` Peace Laboratories '' are needed to stabilize conflict zones .
But they also need to do much more to promote innovation and competitiveness .
The Davignon `` manifest crisis '' cartels , which once helped manage the European steel industry 's decline , urgently need to be revived .
But unlike Chavez , who leads one of the world 's top oil producers , the need to stabilize an economy closely monitored by international financial markets forced Gutierrez to abandon campaign promises that helped secure his victory .
Countries like Ecuador , hobbled by massive external debt , poor infrastructure , a corrupt ruling class , and yawning inequality , need international agreements akin to those of the European Union that help reduce debt burdens , boost technology transfer , and promote social and economic justice .
This means that in order to compete successfully with China , Latin American countries will need to increase productivity growth .
If Latin America is to succeed and move towards prosperity , it needs to reform its educational system .
In particular , politicians need to be willing to confront teachers ' unions , which have traditionally resisted reforms that introduce competition and accountability .
Second , they need to use their workforces efficiently , which requires modern labor legislation that encourages employment of women , the young , and senior citizens .
Finally , they need to attain a rapid rate of productivity growth , which can be achieved only by ensuring a high-quality , broadly accessible educational system .
The continent needs measures that are designed to encourage savings and investment , improve labor utilization , and upgrade failed educational systems .
Its external financing needs are enormous , and its exports will fall sharply .
What Lula did was simply to decide that Brazil would be a `` normal '' country . But more than controlled inflation is needed to create a robust economy with a high and sustainable growth rate .
As many studies have shown , Brazil has not been able -- or has not wanted -- to adopt the modernizing reforms needed to promote a productivity boom .
We may not want politicians to be driven by self-interest , but we need to acknowledge that they have selves , which are formed by a multitude of factors -- and passions .
In other words , if we do not want to reduce our vision of politics to policy processing , we need to remember -- if only for the sake of fuller and more realistic judgment -- that politicians are human , too .
A weaker dollar is needed to make American goods more attractive to foreign consumers .
Over those time horizons , the emphasis on the need for the US to export more and on the greater difficulty the economy will have in attracting foreign capital are on the mark .
Asian countries need to do even more to stimulate spending , and they need to move together .
Finally , the G-20 needs an emerging-markets caucus .
As chair , it needs to act as an `` honest broker . ''
And , given its location , South Korea would be torn between encouraging an emerging-market caucus and encouraging an Asian caucus -- for Asia , too , needs to organize itself better in order to represent its interests in the G-20 .
It needs not just closer economic ties , but also closer political ties .
Moreover , gradual adjustment in the bilateral exchange rate is needed to prevent global imbalances from blowing out .
And it will reconcile recovery in the US with the need to prevent global imbalances from again threatening financial stability .
It needs to establish them -- and fast -- which requires finally addressing matters that have been off-limits in the past .
First , Europe needs a Stability Pact with teeth .
Second , Europe needs more flexible labor markets .
Third , the euro area needs fiscal co-insurance .
It needs a mechanism for temporary transfers to countries that have put their public finances in order but are hit by adverse shocks .
Fourth , the eurozone needs a proper emergency financing mechanism .
There should be clear rules governing disbursement , who is in charge , and how much money is available . It should not be necessary to obtain the agreement of 27 national parliaments each time action is needed .
Finally , Europe needs coherent bank regulation .
If Europe has a single market and a single currency , it needs a single bank regulator .
But it is the agenda Europe needs to complete to make its monetary union work .
On the other side are those who insist that additional public spending is still needed to support demand .
If so , leaders are playing a dangerous game that depends on encouraging more future spending by exciting consumers and investors now , while depressing actual spending just when it is most urgently needed .
But , in addition to more resources , the IMF needs a more effective way of deploying them .
They should n't : a more decentralized international monetary system is precisely what is needed to prevent a replay of the financial crisis .
So , even if there are good reasons to expect a period of sub-par investment and employment growth , this need not translate into slow productivity or GDP growth .
Small , innovative firms need enhanced access to credit .
Firms need stronger tax incentives for R&D . Productivity growth can be boosted by public investment in infrastructure , as illustrated by the 1930 's examples of the Hoover Dam and the Tennessee Valley Authority .
Policymakers need to act .
British banks , having grown up in the early nineteenth century , when industry 's capital needs were modest , specialized in financing foreign trade rather than domestic investment , thereby starving industry of the capital needed to grow .
They have to cut wages , pensions , and other costs in order to achieve the same gain in competitiveness needed to substitute external demand for internal demand .
This , in turn , creates the need for more internal devaluation , further heightening the debt burden , and so on , in a vicious spiral downward into depression .
First , bondholders will need to be reassured that their new bonds are secure .
Finally , banks that take losses as a result of these restructurings will need to have their balance sheets reinforced .
The banks need real stress tests , not the official confidence game carried out earlier this year .
And where this does not suffice , banks will need immediate capital injections by their governments .
Thus , China needs to move quickly on education reform .
It needs to provide its university students with more flexible skills , more general training , and more encouragement to think critically and creatively .
The migrants ' predicament underscores the need to reform hukou , China 's system of residency permits .
Finally , China needs to get serious about its corruption problem .
It seems unlikely that Ron Paul , the libertarian chairman of the US Senate Banking Committee , who doubts that even the US needs a central bank , would be inclined to agree .
Because their currencies are not widely used internationally , many of their bank liabilities are in euros . This renders them dependent on interest rate hikes to attract -- via the market and on swap lines from the ECB -- the euro liquidity that their banks desperately need .
The implication is clear . National banking systems need a lender of last resort .
A reduction in that burden of 40 % , whether in the form of reduced interest or principal , is needed to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio to below 100 % , a level at which the country has some hope of meeting its payment obligations .
Third , regulation could be used to reconcile Greece 's need to restructure now with the banks ' wish to wait until their balance sheets are stronger .
BERKELEY -- It should now be clear to even the most blinkered observer that the Greek economy is in desperate need of help .
Since the economy needs help , here 's a novel idea : provide some .
EU leaders need to acknowledge this reality before it 's too late .
US aid underwrote the imports of coal and investments in hydroelectric power needed to get industry running again .
Europeans might usefully look back 60 years , to a time when their own countries , perched on the brink of a similar collapse , received the help that they needed to recover -- help that has put them in a position to do something similar for Greece today .
Germany 's finance minister , Wolfgang Schäuble , has suggested that Europe needs to move to full fiscal union .
If these three urgent tasks are completed , there will be plenty of time -- and much time will be needed -- to contemplate radical changes like new budgetary rules , harmonization of other national policies , and a move to full fiscal union .
Anyone who doubts this need only think back to 1992 , when the European Monetary System fell apart .
And they must give the ECB the political cover that it needs to do what is required to preserve the system .
More controversially , the ECB needs to increase its purchases of Italian bonds .
Italy needs time to put its pro-growth reforms in place .
Merkel and Sarkozy need to make the case that if the euro is to become a normal currency , Europe needs a normal central bank -- one that does not merely target inflation like an automaton , but that also understands its responsibilities as a lender of last resort .
Meanwhile , Italy , now under the watchful eye of the International Monetary Fund , needs to move ahead with those pro-growth reforms in order to reassure the ECB 's shareholders that the central bank 's bond purchases are not money losers .
They need time to build a social safety net capable of encouraging Chinese households to reduce their precautionary saving .
Directing spending toward imports of capital equipment would avoid overheating China 's own markets , boost the economy 's productive capacity -LRB- and thus its ability to grow in the future -RRB- , and support demand for US , European , and Japanese products just when such support is needed most .
But for this to be tolerable , the US needs to relieve China of existing risks .
It needs to do so while it still has the world 's sympathetic ear .
It would be more efficient to pool the reserves of countries that need them at different times .
Recent events have made clear that someone needs to anticipate and warn of risks to global financial stability .
Financial markets and institutions with global reach need a global macro-prudential regulator , not just a loosely organized college of supervisors .
If so , the Fund needs to win back their confidence .
But when large economies whose currencies are used internationally need more resources , they can just print more money .
Finally , the IMF needs to coordinate reform of the international system .
If , in the long run , a supra-national unit , the Special Drawing Right , is to replace national currencies in international use , then the Fund will need to guide its development .
They can argue that this is not their problem -- that the crisis of the last two years has been centered in the advanced economies , and that it is these countries ' financial systems that need to be fixed .
But this observation points to what is needed : a regime that defines the conditions to be met before a country 's banks are allowed in .
And , since strict regulation , if adopted unilaterally , might simply cause foreign banks to shun a country , emerging markets need to put up a united front .
Finally , emerging markets need to redouble their efforts to build bond markets , but on a local basis .
Support should be given to courageous local women 's groups that are providing care to the victims . Medical and other assistance is needed to treat the overwhelming numbers of victims .
But the fundamental consequences of the upcoming referendum for Europe need to be clearly impressed upon Irish voters , so that no one can later claim that they did not know what was at stake .
One way to understand current conditions -- and what is needed to improve them -- is to consider two events that recently attracted considerable worldwide attention : the launch of Boeing 's Dreamliner passenger jet and the tragic death of Apple 's Steve Jobs .
Stall speed is a terrifying risk for an economy like that of the US , which desperately needs to grow robustly .
What is desperately needed is better policymaking .
Rather than committing to a comprehensive set of urgently-needed reinforcing measures , they seem obsessed with the futile search for the one `` killer app '' that will solve all of the country 's economic problems .
But politicians may need two steps : an initial failure to agree , and then a quick deal in response to the resulting financial-market convulsions .
The baseline expectation , albeit subject to risk , is that Democrats and Republicans will find a way to avoid disruptions that would damage the fragile US economy , but that the compromise will not meaningfully address the need for sensible medium-term fiscal reforms .
Moldova appears set to cave in to Russia 's pressure , partly to attract desperately needed inward investment at a time when little aid has come from the West , particularly the EU .
An injection of renewed purpose from the EU 's political leaders is undoubtedly needed .
A comprehensive strategy is needed to realize the region 's full potential .
Much talk will be heard in coming months : the ministerial meeting in Luxembourg , numerous conferences and seminars around the region , and in September a Baltic summit will be held in St. Petersburg at which political and business leaders will discuss what is needed in order to move ahead .
They needed to know what had happened before they could try to get on with their lives .
But we still need to bring those who committed the crime to account .
We need to convince each other that the fight against this common enemy has to be fought with a keen eye to balancing the needs of security with those of human and minority rights .
This is where political leadership is needed .
Turning to the International Monetary Fund or others when it comes to pulling our chestnuts out of the fire will not bring us the needed confidence in the European project .
The kind of energy and commitment to defense spending that India represents needs to be injected into Europe , because European rhetoric about playing a strategic global role remains in high gear .
They know that President Ahmadinejad is reckless , irresponsible , and inattentive to their day-to-day needs . ''
-LRB- Europeans need not be envious : growth is quicker when it begins low ; think again about puppies . -RRB-
The justification for canceling elections in Russia is the need to fight terrorism -- the end that now justifies all means .
Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ; Putin and Medvedev are devising an ideology to solidify their party .
Calling for a `` contextual '' and `` causal '' view of history , he acknowledges the Stalinist terror but interprets it as a response to the extraordinary need to defeat Nazism .
One need not be naïve or in denial about the Palestinians ' multiple problems and missteps over the years to recognize that most of the recent obstacles to progress have been erected in Israel .
An immediate need is to counter the perception that any condemnatory response to an unfolding RtoP situation means stepping onto a slippery slope to military confrontation -- a perception that Russia and China heavily milked in seeking to justify their vote against an early-stage Security Council resolution on Syria .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
The need for `` collective , timely , and decisive '' action is overwhelming .
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
Sometimes , however , whistles do need to be blown .
There , it was just letting off steam , no different from cheering or booing ; or it was a `` legitimate '' tactic , no different from needling an opponent by challenging his manhood .
Given the impact of globalization and the direct challenge to the EU implied by competition from countries like China and India , the European economy needs to become more innovative .
But a tendency toward a bubble need not become a reality .
Moreover , roughly 40 % of the increase in bank credit in 2009 accommodated the fiscal expansion , as projects were started prior to the budget allocations needed to finance them .
Someone needs to take responsibility , and , as US politicians do n't want to blame themselves , the best available scapegoat is China 's exchange rate , which has not appreciated against the US dollar in the past 18 months .
If the US dollar needs to devalue because of fundamental disequilibrium in the US economy , the problems can not be fixed by lowering the dollar 's value alone .
Perhaps . But we need to remind ourselves that housing investment accounts for about 30 % of China 's total fixed investment , with much of the rest directed toward infrastructure -- that is , long-term , durable public infrastructure investments -- including subways , railways , highways , urban public facilities , and the national water system .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
That means that investment is extremely high -- and that , despite the high share of infrastructure investment , there is an urgent need to manage the potential risks .
The problem for the world economy is that everybody remembered Keynes 's lesson about the need for countercyclical policies only when the crisis erupted , after demanding to be left alone -- with no symmetric policy intervention -- during the preceding boom .
One of the most daunting challenges for poor countries is the need to accumulate investment capital under conditions of low savings without incurring too much foreign debt .
But what China really needs is a greater effort to promote domestic consumption and lower the savings rate .
But , as China grows increasingly dependent on imports of resource commodities to meet its basic needs , its coast will continue to enjoy a transport-cost advantage .
Yes , further revaluation of the exchange rate is needed , but this can play only a secondary role .
No matter how much politicians blame others , growing US imports mean greater reliance on international markets , and some China factor in America 's investment portfolio is needed to compete against European and Japanese firms .
In contrast to the emergence of the West in the nineteenth century , which proved such an economic disaster for most of Asia , the continent 's re-emergence can have an immensely positive effect on the twenty-first century 's global economy , including , needless to say , the West .
These opportunities need to be seized with as much alacrity as the world has responded to Asia 's sorrow .
If the international community is to remain credible , a regional initiative for collective security -- a Madrid II -- needs to be taken .
But fewer than 25 % of the people in these countries who need antiretroviral drugs are receiving them .
A wide array of prevention strategies , including behavioral modification , distribution of condoms , and the provision of clean needles and syringes to intravenous drug users , has emerged .
Despite the extraordinary scientific and medical accomplishments in the battle against HIV\/AIDS so far , history will judge us by what we accomplish in the next quarter-century , and how we respond to the challenge of delivering the fruits of our research efforts to those who need them most .
This underscores the need for a determined regimen to treat TB today , as well as a more complex strategy to control the disease , one which cures as many cases as possible , prevents acquired drug resistance and decreases the transmission of infection .
I also believe that there is a relationship between the need for therapy and the political choices that countries make .
Unless we act to step up the fight against TB , many health-care systems may find themselves facing a less abstract problem : securing the economic resources and organizational capacity to ensure treatment for the growing number of patients who want and need it .
As a result , both the public and private sectors must accept the need for additional investments , as well as the potential costs of early capital retirement , in order to accelerate this process and deliver deep cuts in emissions .
Clear price signals , including carbon pricing , are crucial , and many non-OECD countries , in addition to needing financial support to help reduce their greenhouse gas emissions , can benefit from the removal of fuel subsidies .
And much of the additional spending needs be made by households , driven by a profound change in social attitudes to energy efficiency .
This improved competitiveness of American goods and services is needed to shrink the massive US trade deficit .
Instead of simply wishing that the dollar would stop falling , European governments need to take steps to stimulate domestic demand to replace the loss of sales and jobs that will otherwise accompany the more competitive dollar .
While the ECB has limited room for maneuver , regulatory changes and revenue-neutral shifts in the tax structure -LRB- for example , a temporary investment tax credit financed by a temporary increase in the corporate tax rate -RRB- could provide the stimulus needed to offset declining net exports .
The increase in the household saving rate reduces America 's need for foreign funds to finance its business investment and residential construction .
A large fiscal deficit increases the need for foreign funds to avoid crowding out private investment .
That would mean that the US would continue to need substantial inflows of foreign capital to fund business investment and housing construction .
Because of the lagged effects of monetary policy and the need to manage expectations , early tightening by the Fed would be appropriate .
In fact , however , exchange rates will change -- and need to change in order to shrink the existing trade imbalances .
Central banks in Asia and the Middle East have traditionally held their reserves in dollars . That made sense when they needed those reserves to be very liquid so that they could bridge temporary trade deficits .
But those foreign-exchange balances have grown far beyond the level needed as emergency reserves .
If it were not part of the euro system , Greece might not have gotten into its current predicament and , even if it had gotten into its current predicament , it could have avoided the need to default .
Greece 's default on its national debt need not mean an explicit refusal to make principal and interest payments when they come due .
And when a country with excessive fiscal deficits needs to raise taxes and cut government spending , as Greece clearly does now , the resulting contraction of GDP and employment can not be reduced by a devaluation that increases exports and reduces imports .
The need for massive fiscal adjustment without any offsetting currency devaluation will now drive Greece and perhaps others to default on their government debt , probably through some kind of IMF-supported debt restructuring .
In reality , of course , a single currency or fixed exchange rate is not needed for trade to flourish .
While those large fiscal deficits will be a major problem for the US economy if nothing is done to bring them down , they need not be inflationary .
Any decision maker who depends on forecasts -- a businessman , an investor , or a government official -- needs to know the probability of very low or very high growth rates , as well as the median forecast .
One reason was that rising stock markets and higher house prices made individuals wealthier , reducing their need to save for retirement and allowing retirees to dissave more .
Households ' need to rebuild wealth , and the lack of access to credit , implies that the saving rate could continue to rise from the 6.4 % recorded in June -LRB- the most recent month for which data are available -RRB- to the 9 % rate that America averaged in the decades before 1985 .
Such a low national saving rate would not be sufficient to finance the level of new investment in plant , equipment , and housing that the country needs .
This need not mean outright default ; a plan to repay principal and interest with low-interest securities rather than cash -- or to withhold income tax on interest earned from government bonds , crediting those taxes against the obligations of American taxpayers -- would achieve the same result .
Although they had experienced large declines in share prices and house values , they had such large amounts of liquid savings in postal savings accounts and in banks that they did not feel the need to increase saving in order to rebuild assets .
At some point , the US will need to start repaying the enormous amount that it has received from the rest of the world .
To do so , the US will need a trade surplus .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
And a massive default , together with a very large sustained cut in the annual budget deficit , is , in fact , needed to restore Greek fiscal sustainability .
What started as a problem with sub-prime mortgages has now spread to houses more generally , as well as to other asset classes . The housing problem is contributing to the financial crisis , which in turn is reducing the supply of credit needed to sustain economic activity .
Moreover , because financial institutions ' assets were bought mainly with borrowed money , the shortage of credit is exacerbated by their need to deleverage .
CAMBRIDGE -- The Greek government needs to escape from an otherwise impossible situation .
The European Financial Stability Fund is large enough to cover Greece 's financing needs but not large enough to finance Italy and Spain if they lose access to private markets .
While the crisis could strengthen the institutions provided by the EMU , it could also create multiple risks , of which member countries need to be aware if they want to avoid them .
It remains to be seen how willing the ECB will be to provide national central banks with the volume of euros needed to play this role fully .
Moreover , the current economic crisis has led to renewed talk about the need for the European Union to have taxing authority .
Although I support the need for a large fiscal package , I disagree with many of the specific features of the plans now under consideration .
However , it will need to be much better targeted at increasing demand in order to avoid adding more to the national debt than the rise in domestic spending .
Even then , European monarchs were forced to convene estates when they needed money to fight , forcing a dialog about the purposes and costs of war .
To some degree , fear of terrorism might shield US leaders from the need for accountability .
With the US government 's access to global debt markets reducing the need to raise taxes , foreign governments now own nearly one-third of the US government 's $ 14 trillion debt .
We do know , however , that until now governments have had to subject themselves to increased political oversight when they needed manpower or money to fight wars .
The world needs a Europe committed to internationalism , generous to its former colonies , and willing to absorb its share of migrants and refugees .
Little will be genuinely free in a future crafted by these populists : `` liberalism '' behind barricades ; `` welfare '' that denies the most needy ; `` tolerance '' that allows some to be targets ; the un-liberating leader-cults of `` noisy little men , '' their nationalisms and their narrow-mindedness , their police priorities and procrustean plans for `` integrating '' minorities .
These new model nationalists need not win elections to recast Europe .
Intravenous drug users -- especially heroin addicts -- had turned public spaces in Zurich and other Swiss cities and towns into needle parks .
The Swiss did not respond with the kind of neglect that Russia 's government has shown so far toward its heroin and HIV epidemics -- more than two million drug users and an estimated one million people living with HIV , over 60 % of them infected while sharing contaminated needles .
The Swiss implemented methadone programs . and , in order to prevent the spread of HIV , they created needle exchanges , including in prisons , and established safe injection rooms on a large scale .
The Communists needed the vote of just one MP in order to perpetuate their domination of Moldovan politics for another term by electing their president in parliament .
The UN simply can not solve Kosovo 's structural problems , namely the need to develop a viable economy and to begin engagement with the EU -- the most powerful motor for reform and economic development in the region .
But two steep hurdles still need to be overcome : the intergovernmental conference and ratification through the national parliaments or by means of a referendum in all member states .
If the new treaty comes into being , the institutional reforms that the union needs will become a reality , and a new double majority voting procedure will take effect , even if with some delay .
The enlarged Union , inevitable when Europe 's Cold War division ended in 1989 , needed new institutions to act efficiently and with transparency .
Moreover , Russia needs a system of checks and balances compatible with its own culture and tradition , because this , together with the rule of law , is an indispensable precondition of a functioning democracy .
Finally , Russia will need to build a functioning party system , capable of sustaining Russian democracy .
China , for example , needs annual growth rates of 10 % to keep its huge economic , social , and ecological problems under control .
But one might conclude from the bizarre debates we engage in about climate change that what the world needs is a change in its political and psychological mood , rather than a profound social and economic transformation .
This is precisely what needs to change .
Germany urgently needs this kind of optimism , because , unfortunately , two universal principles will continue to apply in the future : first , the winter will return , and , second , the ball is round and the next game is always the most difficult .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas are very weak domestically , and , given the compromises needed on both sides , they will be risking a lot .
Can he deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians ' fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
To be sure , in the 1990 's the US and Russia reduced their nuclear arsenals from 65,000 to approximately 26,000 weapons . But this number is still almost unimaginable and beyond any rational level needed for deterrence .
An international initiative for the renewal and improvement of the international control regime , led by both big nuclear powers , is urgently needed to meet these and all other risks of the new nuclear age .
The NPT remains indispensable and needs urgent revision .
They need to be addressed today if they are not to become the most dangerous threats tomorrow .
With the Irish referendum , it has blindly and needlessly thrown itself into a political calamity .
1 -RRB- A strong European foreign policy , badly needed given the current state of the world , was buried on June 12 , for the time being .
All of this , and much more , is needed to send a clear signal to Russia that Europe is unwilling to stand idly by as it returns to great power politics .
What is needed now is an Arabian Jean Monnet .
There is therefore an urgent need for macroeconomic and fiscal coordination at the EU level .
The EU needs an economic government for the deep and long crisis ahead . Germany , Europe 's biggest and most important economy , should lead the way decisively .
Rather , the opposite is needed : massive economic and political investment , and closer cooperation .
The direct leadership of heads of state and government is needed , at least in these times of extreme crisis .
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Merkel spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules .
To be sure , eurozone member states also needed the courage to respond to the crisis of confidence confronting the common currency with concerted action for tighter control of national budgets and improved cooperation .
What Europe needs in this serious crisis are statesmen and women of Kohl 's caliber , not domestic politicians !
If Germany needed the Fund 's involvement to save face domestically and because of a decision by its Constitutional Court , was it really necessary to wreak such unparalleled havoc in Europe just to bring that about ?
But why , in light of these developments , the EU bothered to enact the Lisbon Treaty is increasingly hard to understand . After all , this treaty is about the last thing a mere confederation needs .
In any serious variation of this Grand Strategy , Turkey will need to play a central role -- politically , militarily , economically , and culturally .
But we need to ask ourselves where and how the energies unleashed by this crisis will be discharged , because there can be no doubt that they will be discharged one way or another .
Berlin is consumed not with the question of what Europe might need in this historical situation , and what Germany 's role should be , but with fear -- of the conservative and tabloid press , of further losses in state elections , and of the possibility that the German constitutional court will intervene and overturn the existing programs to contain the euro crisis .
Otherwise , they would recognize that the financial crisis has long become a political crisis threatening the EU 's very existence , and thus that a permanent crisis-resolution mechanism for debt-distressed members , while clearly needed , requires a permanent political crisis-resolution mechanism in order to succeed .
Staggered alignment of economic and social policies -LRB- such as the legal retirement age -RRB- , new balancing schemes -LRB- euro bonds as a transfer instrument -RRB- , and an effective stability mechanism are all needed to preserve the common currency .
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
President George W. Bush believed that he needed to take account of only one half of America 's dual role in the Middle East , namely the alliance with Israel .
This would create the most important thing that these states and their rapidly growing young populations need to produce stability within the framework of democratic development : grounds for hope of economic and social progress .
So what more did the German government need to endorse the intervention ?
Germany seems to be congealing into an introspective provincialism , and that at a time where its potential , its leadership even , are more urgently needed than ever .
Insolvent states need help with restructuring , both in the financial sector and well beyond it , so that they can work their way out of crisis .
But they need to develop -LRB- and fund -RRB- an appropriate strategy for economic reconstruction , in order to make clear to the Greeks -- and to skittish financial markets -- that there is light at the end of the tunnel .
Treaty changes are impossible ; therefore , different methods will need to be found , which makes the Franco-German partnership all the more important .
Monetary sovereignty was made a common cause ; but the power needed to exercise it remained in national capitals .
But this foundation of rules turned out to be an illusion : principles always need the support of power ; otherwise they can not stand the test of reality .
The eurozone needs a government , which , as things stand at the moment , can consist only of the respective heads of state and government -- a development that has already started .
Of course , because a treaty of this kind would mean extensive transfer of sovereignty to European intergovernmental institutions , it would need direct popular legitimization through referendums in all member states , including -LRB- and especially -RRB- Germany .
What is needed is a conscious , deliberate return of US foreign policy to multilateralism .
So we need sustainable agriculture-led growth to increase supplies and keep prices affordable while also boosting the incomes of poor farmers in developing countries .
Beyond these financial instruments , we need to improve on the status quo by investing in the research and development needed to modernize agriculture and reduce the risk of crop failures .
Better , environmentally sustainable livestock production systems need to be developed , and we must boost investment in capacity-building , services training , market access , and efforts to strengthen supply chains .
Moreover , the World Trade Organization 's Doha Round of global trade negotiations desperately needs to be concluded , and the EU has made a number of positive moves in this direction by proposing vast changes to its export subsidies regime .
With more and more subsistence farmers being driven off their land by pressures far beyond their control , we need to find better ways to balance the needs and rights of rural and urban populations .
And Europe can not deploy the type of power needed to tilt the balance in Arab-Israeli peacemaking .
To change the Israeli-Palestinian dynamic , external actors now need to influence the political calculus inside Israel and Palestine by lowering the political cost of peace and raising the cost of occupation .
Making withdrawal a tolerable political option -LRB- or making occupation a more costly one -RRB- is needed to trigger a meaningful peace process .
In plain English , an `` occupation tax '' is needed .
Moreover , they knew that , in contrast to the inter-war period , close international coordination would be needed .
People became aware of the need for truly global governance . And , at long last , a number of proposals emerged aimed at making such governance a reality .
As a result , taxpayers may need to pay twice , once for the bailout and again for the low-quality debt they have incurred during the bailout , as the austerity programs unveiled in Europe attest .
France needs a debate on European Union affairs , but only as long as it does not degenerate -- as is common in Europe -- into self-flagellation .
But what is needed is an institutional framework that would establish greater political responsibility concerning the primary economic objectives that Europe should pursue -- full employment and growth -- and that would at least partly close the democratic deficit implied by the ECB 's takeover of monetary policy from euro-zone states .
Yet , fortunately , there is no need for resignation .
France is also in desperate need of a reality check on the nature of its current cultural diversity .
The French must recognize that equality before the law is a core principle , but a weak one ; it needs to be complemented by a stricter vision of how to achieve equality .
Europe needs to know why the ECB has not .
To rule this out , `` unlimited interventions '' would be needed .
The concessions needed to ensure German participation are likely to be enormous .
Israeli newspapers regularly carry stories about why Israel may need to attack Iran to prevent it from acquiring an arsenal of nuclear weapons .
The argument for America 's putative invasion of Iraq is , of course , self-defense , that is , the need to shield itself and its allies against Saddam Hussein 's possible use of weapons of mass destruction .
As Angela Merkel said at the United Nations in 2007 : `` The world does not need to prove to Iran that Iran is building an atomic bomb .
We know that Iran has made progress with the centrifuge technology essential for producing the enriched uranium needed for nuclear weapons .
At this stage , Iran still needs at least a year or longer to assemble one or two crude Hiroshima-type bombs .
The hardest part still lies ahead : the miniaturization needed to fit a nuclear device into a warhead .
So , to build a credible nuclear arsenal , Iran would need a decade or longer .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
After introducing a biological problem with 11 variables , I used a simple method called dimensional analysis to demonstrate that only three needed to be studied empirically ; the relations among the rest of the variables could be inferred logically .
The G-20 needs a smaller informal steering group , a G-6 or G-9 , which could meet on the eve of the main G-20 meeting and discuss how to organize the discussion in the larger group .
I would favor articulation of the principle that the necessary concrete steps toward long-term fiscal consolidation in advanced countries -- such as raising the retirement age or taking other steps today to reform public pensions -- need not require premature withdrawal of current fiscal stimulus ;
The advantage of such bonds is that in the event of a decline in the world price of the underlying commodity , the debt-to-export ratio need not rise .
After all , steel companies have an inherent need to hedge against fluctuations in the price of iron ore , just as airlines and utilities have an inherent need to hedge against fluctuations in the price of oil .
A West African country with newly discovered oil reserves needs to finance exploration , drilling , and pipeline construction , which means that it needs to hedge at a time horizon of 10-20 years , not 90 days .
To reverse America 's decline , Obama needs bipartisan support for his -LRB- quite mainstream -RRB- policies , but so far the US Congress has shown no stomach for a principled approach to its legislative duties .
As a result , China will not need a strong dollar in the long term .
Americans need to get their economic house in order before China loses its incentive to support the dollar .
Just as the post-1945 Marshall Plan consisted of a financial-aid package aimed at reconstructing and re-launching Western Europe 's economies to support democratic transformation and political stability , the countries of the Arab Spring face similar challenges and needs .
We need to enable countries like Egypt and Tunisia -- and possibly a peaceful Libya -- to strengthen their political stability through democratization .
But a broader economic initiative is also needed to mobilize a critical mass of European and international financial resources to attract investment to the region and modernize its infrastructures and services .
In short , we need to transform the Mediterranean countries into producers rather than consumers of regional stability .
Believing that they have found a way to model precisely how currency traders should think about the future , they see no need for intervention because , save for temporary deviations , markets always get currency values right .
As a result , not only are countercyclical measures needed , but banks ' capital requirements should vary inversely with the boom-and-bust fluctuations in the asset markets to which they are heavily exposed .
Banks ' defenses need to be fortified during excessive upswings in asset prices so that they are able to weather the inevitable reversals .
The lesson of this crisis is that excessive swings need to be dampened with a set of prudential measures .
So the idea that what the world needs now is more fixed rules will not do .
Intolerance and fundamentalism form one choice for Muslims , but Islam has always had to contend with the question of secularism and the need for religious tolerance , as is evident from the ongoing reformist ferment in theocratic Iran .
Democratic transitions need to be driven by societies that want democracy , and since the latter requires institutions , it is usually a fairly long and drawn out process .
But this need not mean that universities become thoroughly commercialized .
In the `` third culture '' best seller The Blank Slate : The Modern Denial of Human Nature , Steven Pinker says that we may need to admit a natural scientific basis for what humanists have for centuries called `` fate . ''
While Wikipedians do not need to pass around copies of their text -- everyone owns a virtual copy -- Wikipedia 's content policy remains deeply medieval in spirit .
WARWICK , UK -- Nowadays , in country after country , policymakers have become obsessed with the need to strengthen science education .
We need the humanities only if we are committed to the idea of humanity .
In both cases , it is assumed that the value of the exchanged good is decided shortly after its delivery according to how it satisfies an immediate need .
In the past , universities have been created in times of plenty , typically to encourage people to think beyond their immediate need for survival to more edifying spiritual or national goals .
But should universities now reduce their demands in order to meet the needs of the larger society , not least in terms of their carbon footprint ?
All they need and care about is stable , predictable rules .
The government does not say that it is against democracy , only that it is untimely and needs to be delayed -- a logic that manifests itself in most official decisions .
We should not lose heart , but we do need to be politically active and united .
We know that the international community is trying to help us , but we need that help to be more effective .
When many of the most important actors in an economy are insensitive to market price signals , as they are in China , economic policy will need to be administrative in order to deal effectively with those players .
But more than magnanimous sentiments are needed if peace is to come to Kashmir .
Unfortunately , this is not required by current legislation in Europe , where only quality , efficacy , and safety must be demonstrated , without any need for comparative studies .
Patients ' informed consent usually does not provide a clear description of a non-inferiority trial , and the lack of added value indicates that in many cases the development of a new drug is driven by commercial aims rather than patients ' needs .
Finally , incentives must be found to encourage pharmaceutical companies to develop drugs that fulfill the needs of patients still awaiting therapy .
Representatives from the world 's major fishing nations , meeting this fall in Australia , have an opportunity to limit krill catches , thereby helping creatures that need krill to survive .
Although the needs of krill-dependent species were previously considered for large areas of the Southern Ocean , the CCAMLR must still scientifically subdivide the overall catch limit into smaller units .
This would help avoid local competition between krill vessels and the creatures that need krill to live , since krill fishing closely overlaps with the critical foraging areas for penguins and seals .
In targeted therapies , in which drugs interfere with the molecular signaling needed for proliferation and survival , a cell might adapt by activating or following alternative pathways . All these strategies use up energy that would otherwise be available for invasion into non-cancerous tissues or proliferation , and so reduce a cell 's fitness .
Researchers will need to establish the mechanisms by which cancer cells achieve resistance and what it costs them .
They will need to understand the evolutionary dynamics of resistant populations , and design strategies to suppress or exploit the adapted characteristics .
But it may be time to temper our quest for magic bullets and recognize the cold reality of Darwin 's evolutionary dynamics . Medicine 's goal of a glorious victory over cancer may need to yield to our recognizing that an uneasy stalemate may be the best that can be achieved .
But a broader and deeper agenda is needed : China should agree to raise household spending and consumer imports ; India should open its markets so that its poor can benefit from low-cost imports ; and Europe and America must boost competitiveness in order to increase their exports .
`` I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him -LRB- Putin -RRB- and be very frank about our concerns , '' Bush said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
But there need to be limits to the West 's tolerance , particularly given the summit 's agenda , which features energy security , fighting disease , promoting education , counter-terrorism , and non-proliferation .
Indeed , the next government will need , above all , to kick-start the economy in a sustainable way to create a positive climate of job creation , which is the only lasting remedy for the poverty Chávez has sought to exploit .
While legal harmonization and constitution - making attest to deepening integration , Europe 's institutions have failed to generate what every political community needs in order to survive and thrive : a feeling of belonging .
But no amount of finger pointing can obscure the fact that , 50 years after the European Community 's creation , Europe badly needs a new political framework , if not a new project , to shore up its unity .
Third , instead of a futile theoretical debate over `` liberal '' versus `` social '' models of economic development , we need to compare the experiences of such countries as Great Britain , Sweden , Germany and France . Are their experiences mutually exclusive , or is convergence possible ?
Nor do the current rules ensure the effective functioning of the Union 's institutions , as they exist now , while drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal .
Drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal , and it is also unlikely that the necessary changes could be introduced through an intergovernmental conference .
Third , instead of futile opposition between `` liberal '' and `` social '' models of economic development , we need a confrontation of the experiences of Great Britain and Sweden , on the one hand , and Germany and France , on the other .
Piñera needs more votes in Congress , and the experience of other multi-party presidential democracies such as Argentina and Brazil shows that it is not difficult for incumbents to attract coalition partners in exchange for government posts .
To realize any of these scenarios , the world need do nothing but wait and watch the present status quo rot and sink into chaos .
Policies designed to make redistribution more efficient need not hamper growth itself .
Now , if something similar happens , the central bank will have the foreign exchange needed to service its debts while maintaining a stable exchange rate .
We need to accept human mortality and , as a matter of both practice and policy , concentrate on improving older people 's quality of life .
The older we become , the fatter we get , no matter what we eat -- though this seems to conflict with the ob-gen argument that we need to get fat to avoid starvation .
The greatest danger is that humanitarian relief will be tailored to meet donors ' demands , rather than actual needs .
New and more sophisticated analytical tools are needed to understand these long-term effects , along with sufficient training to ensure that new methods are applied properly in the field .
In addition to providing a much-needed source of skilled and unskilled labor , they contribute disproportionately to innovation and wealth creation .
There has been much discussion of the need to complete the Doha Round of global trade negotiations and increase development assistance to poor countries .
Non-governmental monitors need to scrutinize the proceedings to ensure that errors are identified early enough to be corrected .
In short , more law , rather than less , is needed to help stem the violence .
For any foreign policy needs clear goals .
They maintain that Russia needs a big standing army in order to defend the country in any potential war with the US .
Lt. Gen. Alexander Rukshin , chief of the General Staff 's main operative directorate , spoke of the need for modernization of command and control systems in preparation for such a war .
The slaughter by terrorists of hundreds of Russian children in Beslan was final proof - if more was needed - of the utter incompetence of Russia 's military and security services .
To meet today 's threats , troops must be able to take individual responsibility and initiative , and need to be trained to react resourcefully and at a moment 's notice .
According to this view , every great power needs obedient satellite countries . Under such an approach , NATO 's expansion is represented as an extension of America 's sphere of influence , to the detriment of Russia , of course .
Nobody knows what vision of collective defense is to be implemented : one needs a fertile imagination to imagine Belarusian paratroopers defending the Tajik border .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
Only a shift in strategic focus would be needed to anchor monetary policy with a long-run target range for low inflation .
Indeed , early adoption of a low inflation objective would help secure the monetary and financial stability that China needs as it allows greater exchange-rate flexibility .
An unusual meeting of scientists took place in Paris this summer , when scientists gathered to brainstorm about the need for a new science , one that could be as revolutionary as Einstein 's insights were a century ago .
It is usually assumed that developing economies need to build resources that emulate those in the developed world , but this could actually stifle the most creative thinking .
The group identified the gaps that need explanation .
Production of the materials used to capture and store solar electricity , for example , can cause just as much environmental damage as conventional fuels , and existing wind and solar technology can not easily meet the needs of large populations .
We need something on the scale of the Manhattan Project -LRB- which created the atomic bomb -RRB- , or the Apollo Program -LRB- which put a man on the moon -RRB- .
We need a game changer , like the integrated circuit , radio , or electricity .
So , perhaps a radically new approach to research is also needed .
We need fundamental breakthroughs in alternative energy sources , and soon .
Deadly mutations of any kind need to be identified urgently , so that an effective vaccine can be designed before the strain becomes comfortable in the human body .
The bottom line is that we ca n't predict where the threat will emerge , so we need a distributed , intelligent detection system .
A small amount of additional scientific expertise and lab equipment would need to be added to a public health system that serves ordinary needs .
A more enlightened approach to shared resources is needed , one less dependent on neo-colonial control .
Abuse of it harms everyone , and profits from its use should benefit all as well , implying the need to establish worldwide democratic rights over what is an unarguably universal resource .
It is thus urgent to satisfy populations ' most basic human needs through local development initiatives .
The key is to anticipate the need for action before tensions escalate to the point of no return .
As the dramatic shrinkage of the Aral Sea , Lake Chad , and the Dead Sea illustrate , it now requires preserving scarce natural resources and ensuring their equitable distribution among conflicting needs .
This global challenge also demands innovation in global governance , which is why we support the creation of a UN Environment Agency , endowed with the legal and financial resources needed to tackle the issues at hand .
But we need a `` circuit-breaker '' to escape from the business-as-usual approach that currently dominates the political agenda .
Climate change is complex and closely entwined with a host of other challenges , but a similar breakthrough in our values and priorities is needed .
To avoid both the global hangover of no deal and the self-deception of a weak deal , a breakthrough is needed -- and can still be achieved in Copenhagen .
Rich countries need to put serious money on the table .
Claims that they lack the needed resources ring hollow , as trillions of dollars were found to bail out banks in the financial crisis .
So the industrialized countries need to put a real financing offer on the table as soon as possible to allow time for a positive reaction and announcements of commitments from developing countries . In particular , commitment to an early-start fund -- at least $ 20 billion to immediately assist the least developed countries -- is critical .
We need a democratic , competitive environment , initiative at all levels , an active civil society , and real public control .
Russia needs a breakthrough toward an up-to-date , knowledge-based , and ecologically sustainable economy .
Barring preemptive war -LRB- which has proven counterproductive -RRB- or effective sanctions -LRB- which have thus far proven insufficient -RRB- , only sincere steps toward nuclear disarmament can furnish the mutual security needed to forge tough compromises on arms control and nonproliferation matters .
By linking an array of interrelated matters , Reagan and I built the trust and understanding needed to moderate a nuclear-arms race of which we had lost control .
Only a serious program of universal nuclear disarmament can provide the reassurance and the credibility needed to build a global consensus that nuclear deterrence is a dead doctrine .
What seem to be lacking today are leaders with the boldness and vision to build the trust needed to reintroduce nuclear disarmament as the centerpiece of a peaceful global order .
Now , in order to solve other problems , we need to go beyond Russia .
But the Union 's finance ministers would be better off pushing the internal reforms Europe needs , rather than following the Bush example and pressing the European Central Bank to force a strong currency down to earth .
But this wo n't provide the quick fix that the Bush administration yearns for , because a declining dollar need not bring about an equivalent rise in the price of US imports .
To be sure , the muted impact of inflation on interest rates is not surprising in transition economies , where the mechanisms of monetary-policy transmission and financial intermediation took long periods to put in place and still need reform and regulation .
Rather than using the oil windfall to pay for long-overdue reforms in health care , education , and utilities -- and thus helping to ensure the macroeconomic stability needed to sustain rapid long-term growth -- President Vladimir Putin has chosen large spending increases for public wages and pensions .
The General did not need convincing .
In Japan , there seems little hope that the world 's second-largest economy can extricate itself from its homemade deflation trap to generate the demand needed to offset economic weakness elsewhere in the world .
Had the goal been mere recovery of tax arrears , there would have been no need to break up the company : Yukos could have settled even these colossal liabilities on a civilized installment schedule .
In a world of increasing mobility , an aging Europe will badly need the immigrants of whom it is so frightened -- and it should give them a voice in local politics soon -LRB- say , one year -RRB- after they arrive .
I have a framed copy of the Act of Parliament by Dail Eireann that was needed .
The stock market allocates capital more efficiently than banks . One rationale for creating China 's stock market was that it would channel finance to where it was most needed , side-stepping indebted and inefficient banks .
While the CSRC should be congratulated for its good work in improving this environment , more needs to be done .
Tough regulatory enforcement need to continue .
Mr. Shang needs to grasp the nettle and come up with a new scheme for selling off the central government 's shares . # 5 .
China is not yet a nation of shareholders - another reason why Mr. Shang need not worry too much about pursuing unpopular policies . # 6 .
Finally , China needs a greater diversity of financial products .
This pool of reserves surpasses developing countries ' immediate liquidity needs , leading to their increased creation and expansion of sovereign wealth funds , which have an additional level of assets of more than $ 3 trillion .
According to the World Bank , developing countries spend an average of 3-4 % of GDP on infrastructure every year , compared to an estimated 7 % of GDP required to meet existing infrastructure needs for maintaining rapid growth . This translates into an annual gap of at least $ 300 billion at current prices .
This would imply the ability to finance an important proportion of unmet needs for infrastructure financing .
To achieve these goals , donor countries need only extend their existing commitments into the future ; new funds are not needed .
If the private sector is to thrive , it needs lower trade barriers and improved incentives for risk-taking .
Moreover , not all aid need go to governments .
The argument seems simple : only a massive dose of government spending and massive central-bank support for the financial system prevented a slide into a second Great Depression , so more of the same medicine is now needed to prevent a slide back into recession .
If , for example , Ireland -LRB- or Spain -RRB- needed emergency support , the other eurozone countries could simply agree to lend it their IMF quotas .
Creditor countries like Germany would also gain , because they would not need to extend vast sums in guarantees to the EFSF while still safeguarding their interests within the EFSF 's existing structure .
In extreme cases , as in Ireland -LRB- one hopes not in Spain -RRB- , the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country .
It ended when the highest EU authority , the European Council , officially recognized in late July that Greece does need a reduction in its debt obligations .
But the opposite is also true : when an import boom ends , measured GDP must drop considerably , because much less intermediation is needed .
But retail shop clerks and car dealers can not be easily transformed into the specialized and highly skilled workers needed in modern manufacturing .
Given that Greece had a current-account deficit close to 10 % of GDP in 2010 , a drop in imported consumption goods of that magnitude seems to be needed before the country 's external debt can be stabilized .
Moreover , the additional unemployment would lead to more social-welfare spending , thus increasing the need to cut elsewhere or increase taxes .
During the bubble years , neither its advice nor its money seemed to be needed .
But now more and more countries need balance-of-payments support , and there is general agreement that the global monetary system needs a body to oversee its overall stability .
For these analytical functions , there is no need for close oversight .
This modus operandi needs to be changed in order to give the IMF the independence it needs if it is to become a credible , impartial judge of balance-of-payments disequilibria and sources of risk to global financial markets .
When the G-20 leaders meet in London , they should consider giving the IMF the independence it needs to become an effective guardian of global financial stability . Putting independent experts on this Board will be a key step in that direction .
The Stability and Growth Pact clearly did not prevent `` excessive '' deficits , and the no-bailout clause failed its first test when European leaders , facing the Greek crisis , solemnly declared on February 11 that euro-zone members would `` take determined and coordinated action , if needed , to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole . ''
Any holder of Greek debt , especially long-term debt , must calculate the likelihood that Greece 's political system will prove strong enough to push through the reforms needed to enable the country to service its debt fully -LRB- and on time -RRB- .
The need for a free and well-functioning market economy is not included , though this is the fundamental pre-condition for the high standards of living and social protection that the document 's authors advocate so resolutely .
There would be a presumption against public intervention and the burden of proof on the need for it -- at any level of government -- would be shifted to its advocates .
The experience of successful reform in the Anglo-Saxon and Nordic countries shows that Europe need not be condemned to stagnation , provided that it renounces rigid employment protection .
By concentrating on policies to sustain integration while at the same preserving the European social model , the European Council would again become a relevant policy forum where the real needs and hopes of citizens could find effective responses .
From time to time Arab negotiators enter into discussions about the mundane issues that prospective neighboring states would need to resolve , such as political boundaries , security arrangements , and economic relations .
He was a prisoner of both his genius and his insatiable need for the Argentine public 's love .
Meanwhile , the types of structural changes that Argentina needs have not been made .
If Cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing , she will need more than strength . Above all , she will need fresh sources of ideas .
In fact , Brazil 's leaders have good reason to be flexible : their country needs the access to the Pacific that Peru and Chile offer .
Humala 's coalition , Gana Perú , will have a plurality of representatives in Peru 's congress , but will need the votes of ex-president Alejandro Toledo 's party to have a controlling majority .
Polarization may have proved functional to winning an election , but Humala will have to broaden his support in order to forge the consensus he needs in order to govern .
But that tailwind may have been squandered , because the Kirchners have yet to make the structural changes -- in industry , in the country 's energy policy , in education , and elsewhere -- needed to free Argentina from extreme dependence on commodity prices .
Moreover , given the country 's history of high inflation ravaging the economy , the problem needs to be addressed soon , before it gets out of hand .
In this difficult international context , Cristina Kirchner will need to rebuild relations with the United States and Europe , which have been impaired since the default in 2001 .
But Germany too , needs to be engaged over the ESDP and Afghanistan .
If Sarkozy 's presidency has any relevance to Franco-German relations , it may be to reinforce the view that the EU needs new leadership , and that it must still be based on the founding partners .
It is an ambitious program , and France will need Germany 's support if it is to succeed .
A return to economic growth is crucial for Europe , which needs secure new investment flows .
A Euro-Mediterranean monetary system would avoid the discrepancy between euro - and dollar-denominated trade -- indeed , eventual expansion of the eurozone should not be ruled out . A reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed , and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment .
Industrial re-deployment might also be the answer to outsourcing by European companies , so we need to build an integrated Euro-Mediterranean structure that encourages industrial , agricultural , energy , and job mobility .
Europe , too , needs to help organize a large hemispheric region .
Today , both `` conservative democrats '' and liberals advocate passing all the reforms needed to gain accession to the EU , while opponents include extreme nationalists , of both left and right , as well as some elements of the `` secular '' establishment .
As governments move into uncharted territory , they will need to question themselves constantly .
All assumptions will need to be assessed and reassessed , starting points found and re-found , and new tools developed and perfected .
The mechanics of the welfare state will need to be strengthened ; public policy must stop deferring to the financial sector , regardless of the need for bailout packages .
That domestic transparency and pragmatism will need to be carried over into international economic diplomacy .
Today 's globalized markets need rules that take into account the public good in every country and region of the world .
Likewise , user fees discourage the poor and elderly from accessing needed health services , whereas public funding largely eliminates inequities in the provision of care while producing health outcomes that are as good as , if not better than , mixed public-private funding models .
The medical community has come to accept the need for systematic reviews to guide decisions regarding drugs and surgical therapies , but their use in health policy is only now taking hold .
While for-profit providers have higher administrative costs and larger executive salaries , their main burden relative to not-for-profit provision is the need to generate returns for their shareholders .
What is needed , therefore , is a pledge by governments to make global trade liberalization a much higher political priority .
Displaced farmers and workers must be provided with the education and training required to enter new jobs , as well as the funds , health care , and other essential services that they need to tide them through the transition .
In order to remain intact and functional , the country needs a political system and a society that persuade talented young people to stay in Russia -- and that provides them with the education to develop their talent .
Russia also needs a national security strategy to complement its political and economic renewal .
Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some , but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation .
One need only consider Austria-Hungary and Ottoman Turkey at the start of the twentieth century or the former Yugoslavia at its end .
As a result , new mechanisms are needed for regional and global governance that include actors other than states .
What is needed now is a successor arrangement in which a larger number of governments , including the United States , China , and India , accept emissions limits or adopt common standards because they recognize that they would be worse off if no country did .
Necessity may also lead to reducing or even eliminating sovereignty when a government , whether from a lack of capacity or conscious policy , is unable to provide for the basic needs of its citizens .
The basic idea of sovereignty , which still provides a useful constraint on violence between states , needs to be preserved .
But the concept needs to be adapted to a world in which the main challenges to order come from what global forces do to states and what governments do to their citizens rather than from what states do to one another .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
So what needs doing ?
Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act ; failing that , societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks .
Arab and Muslim leaders need to make this clear , be it in public pronouncements by politicians , lectures by teachers , or fatwas by leading clerics .
Ban needs to begin with a cold , hard assessment of his new position .
In this case , Ban needs to spend time in China 's capital , making the case for the notion that governments have a responsibility to protect their citizens , and that when they fail to do so -LRB- as Sudan 's government clearly is -RRB- , they forfeit some of the advantages that normally are associated with sovereignty .
Again , what is holding the UN back is not the UN itself , but its leading members , who can not agree on what change is needed .
Not just governments , but religious and other leaders need to be persuaded to denounce terror , shaming and de-legitimizing those who carry it out .
The US needs and benefits from effective multilateralism in a global world , one in which challenges can not be met by any single country acting by itself .
The US has a particular need for effective international cooperation now , when it is stretched militarily , economically , and politically owing to its policies toward Iraq and Afghanistan .
Japan , for its part , needs to continue to open and reform its economy , improve its military , and make its forces available for the sort of low-intensity but manpower-intensive missions , ranging from genocide prevention to nation-building to peacekeeping , that are increasingly required in the greater Middle East and Africa .
Japanese leaders also need to act with sensitivity .
But more is needed .
The world also needs to take into account Japan 's importance .
Third , terrorism needs to be checked . This means doing everything possible to stop infiltration of terrorists into Iraq and rethinking support for militias .
`` Success '' needs to be defined narrowly .
Here , and elsewhere , the US will need to take the lead ; the parties can not be expected to reach consensus by themselves .
Democratic and Republican candidates alike were called upon to explain what they would be prepared to do if there were an opportunity to capture Osama Bin Laden or a need to secure Pakistan 's nuclear weapons .
If internationally managed enriched-uranium or spent-fuel banks are established , countries could gain access to nuclear power but not come to control the material needed for bombs .
A similar level of effort might be needed to ensure the continued flow of investment . The goal should be to create a World Investment Organization , which , by encouraging cross-border capital flows , would minimize the risk that `` investment protectionism '' impedes activities that , like trade , are economically beneficial and build political bulwarks against instability .
More effort also will be needed to prevent state failure and deal with its consequences . The US and other developed countries should enhance their military capacities to deal with the type of threats being faced in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as establish a pool of civilian talent to assist with basic nation-building tasks .
The United Nations Security Council and the G-8 should be reconstituted to reflect the world of today rather than the post-1945 era , and the participation of non-state actors in multilateral organizations and processes will need to be considered .
Networks will be needed alongside organizations .
The Chinese need to see how they benefit from inclusion -- and how they would suffer from not being one of the countries shaping and buttressing today 's international institutions .
China needs to show respect for human rights and allow journalists to report .
The last thing the world economy needs is a $ 200 barrel of oil , but this could be the result .
It would also need to be subject to highly intrusive inspections , so that the world could be confident that Iran was not secretly enriching uranium and developing nuclear weapons .
The Obama Surprise NEW YORK -- The high hopes surrounding Barack Obama 's presidency are mostly a good thing , as they remind us that much of the anti-American sentiment that is so apparent around the world is not and need not be permanent .
Tariff and non-tariff barriers will need to come down .
While encouraging the rule of law and the growth of civil society , the US still needs to work with other governments , democratic and otherwise .
Greater sharing of existing cleaner-coal technologies is needed , as is continued development of next-generation clean-coal plants .
Here , too , mechanisms are needed for sharing new technologies and helping poorer countries pay for them in exchange for adopting policies that reduce greenhouse-gas emissions .
Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Some pockets of humanitarian need remain , but the massive crisis that was anticipated thankfully never materialized .
We also need to restore basic order in Iraq .
As long as governments were friendly and backed regional stability , there was no need for outsiders to encourage representative government .
So the old partners need new ones . Emerging powers have the potential to fill this need .
The empowerment of the G-20 is a step in the right direction , but many more changes are needed , including restructuring the UN , the International Monetary Fund , and the World Bank so that they , too , reflect the new distribution of power .
Depending on how this power is used -LRB- or abused -RRB- , it can be beneficial -LRB- exercising needed oversight and increasing the transparency of policy and policy-making -RRB- or destructive -LRB- if , for example , hearings degenerate into politically motivated attacks on administration officials and policies -RRB- .
There is a fair chance that one or more of these bilateral accords will be approved -LRB- in part because the Obama administration seems finally to have recognized that trade can generate good jobs -RRB- , but it is far less certain that the president will gain the authority needed to negotiate a new global trade deal .
Cutting this sum will free up much-needed money for other defense needs and for deficit reduction , arguably the principal national security challenge facing the US .
In the long run , the US needs to generate domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open world economy and slowing climate change .
Egyptians need time to build a civil society and open a political spectrum that has been mostly closed for decades .
A genuine political transition needs to move ahead , albeit at a measured pace .
Egypt needs a constitution that enjoys broad support -- and that includes checks and balances that make it difficult for minorities -LRB- even those who command the support of a plurality of voters -RRB- to rule majorities .
But any celebration needs to be tempered by certain realities .
It is not enough to be a limited partner in the struggle against terror ; Pakistan needs to become a full partner .
As for the future , it is much more likely to be defined by the United States ' need to put its economic house in order ; China 's trajectory within and beyond its borders ; and the ability of the world 's governments to cooperate on restoring economic growth , stemming the spread of nuclear weapons , and meeting energy and environmental challenges .
International cooperation has increased markedly , in part because governments that can not agree on many things can agree on the need to cooperate in this area .
The US has multiple alliance obligations -- with Japan , South Korea , Australia , the Philippines , and Thailand -- which are needed , in part , to deter North Korean aggression .
A well-educated citizenry is also essential if young men and women are to acquire the skills needed to perform the sort of jobs today 's global and competitive world demands .
Reformists , on the other hand , argue that individual judgment -- diligence -- is permissible , and that society is empowered to make choices based on contemporary needs , regardless of the opinions of previous religious scholars .
What is now needed is a more modest debate about how to reconcile the deficiencies of the market with the demands of solidarity .
There are ups and downs from year to year because of the weather , and there are pockets of starvation around the world -LRB- due not to a global lack of food , but to a lack of ways to transport it where it 's needed -RRB- .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
Thus , there is a growing convergence between Chinese and G-7 economic policy , born of the need to compensate for massive failures in US financial regulation and monetary policy .
We need to start with national supervisors -LRB- as Germany wisely does -RRB- , and then go to the European level if necessary , not the other way round .
These gentlemen inspectors fail to understand a fundamental point : to disarm a thuggish , murderous regime you need strict enforcement .
Iraq 's government knows exactly what it needs to do to hide its weapons of mass destruction .
Unfortunately , the inspectors ' reports make one thing clear : they will not take the bold steps that the international community needs to expose Iraqi cheating .
The future then would be fraught with tension in a part of the world where the EU needs to encourage peace and stability .
Had it been Pakistan 's ethos , the Taliban in Swat would n't have needed to blast schools -- people would have happily pulled their daughters from the schools themselves .
Rather , it will emerge from a concept that addresses existential needs .
The Middle East urgently needs support in creating a regional stability charter to encompass codes of conduct , goals for regional cooperation , and the mechanisms of a regional cohesion fund to tackle underdevelopment and fund new infrastructure .
For to end friction and suffering the crisis-ridden Middle East needs more than troops -- a reality that has been recognized in previous conflicts around the World .
With today 's emphasis on military action in the so-called `` war on terror , '' the need for a conference to discuss security and military affairs , combined with a stability charter , has become urgent .
No matter how influential new media have been , they can not replace the need for a region-wide `` manifesto for change '' that all who seek freedom can embrace .
That is a source of hope , if not yet of the systematic and coherent ideas about how to remake their societies that the region needs .
Either way , we need religion to curb nature 's vices .
The answer is simple : looking through the lens of moral hazard , officials see only reckless Wall Street investors in need of a stern lesson .
O'Neill 's policies and statements may well discourage these long-term efforts , by needlessly aggravating the short-term pain such reforms inevitably entail .
Let 's try to build a global civil society , and let 's insist that politics is not just a technology of power , but needs to have a moral dimension .
At the same time , politicians in democratic countries need to think seriously about reforms of international institutions , because we desperately need institutions capable of real global governance .
They regularly needed to resolve the delicate issue of whether to invite to their embassy celebrations various Charter 77 signatories , human rights activists , critics of the communist regime , displaced politicians , or even banned writers , scholars , and journalists -- people with whom the diplomats were generally friends .
Some Europeans apparently regard Cuba as a faraway country whose fate they need take no interest in , because they have problems of their own .
We believe that the former communist Central and Eastern European countries are in a unique position to support the democracy movements in Cuba based on the similarities of their histories and experiences . Our intentions in pushing for democratization are based on friendship and cooperation , good will and an understanding of the needs , expectations and hopes of Cuban people .
But more than sympathy is needed , because the Burmese military junta 's incompetence and brutal oppression are further aggravating the tragic consequences of this natural disaster .
What is needed is a viable option for the opposing party to adopt in order for violence not to be deployed .
This diversion of the energy of war can take place at any stage of the cycle of escalation , but if preventive peace building is not launched at the first sign of trouble , and problems remain unaddressed as the conflict intensifies -LRB- especially if it turns violent -RRB- , some type of intervention will be needed .
Palestinians and Israelis need to establish viable dialogues across the huge social fissures that divide them , as well as dialogues between the authorities and ordinary people who live in a state of confusion about what is being done in their name .
Trust needs to be rebuilt if we are to help the parties understand how to overcome past enmities .
Of course , Israel 's need for security must be understood by all sides , but confidence-building measures are needed from all sides as well .
What is now needed most of all is a clear message that dialogue , not violence , is the way forward in these very tense times .
If China is to gain an international position of respect commensurate with its position in the world economy , as well as to benefit from its rise to pre-eminence among the world economic powers , it is vital that China 's representatives in Tibet acknowledge the need for due legal process for all of its citizens , including its ethnic minorities .
These charges need to be investigated if President Medvedev 's claims to want a society based on the rule of law are not to ring hollow .
Other democratic opposition groups , and genuine ethnic-minority representatives , also need to be given a voice in the process .
We do not need to wait until after the election to know this . So there is no excuse for continued inaction .
Indeed , to cooperate in this way will require the emergence of a new global civil society , whose foundation can be built only with the type of international solidarity that Japan needs now .
Japan has done its part . For decades , the Japanese have been generous in supporting people around the world in times of need , providing extensive financial assistance to developing countries and spearheading rescue and relief activities when disasters have struck .
Meanwhile , the administration of President Yanukovych proclaims its willingness to join the EU , but has failed to introduce the changes needed to meet the qualifying criteria .
A similar effort is needed for Ukraine today , and that effort should not be set aside for reasons of political expedience , or , for that matter , pursued for reasons of simple economic self-interest .
That is why the United Nations Declaration on Human Rights was adopted in 1948 , and why we need , more urgently than ever , to establish universal equality for all human beings .
A new declaration was badly needed when we began work on it one year ago .
Even if some sort of communiqué is cobbled together in December -- and countries with elections coming up , such as the United Kingdom , will push for one -- it is hard to believe that it will contain sufficient detail or reflect the proper level of commitment to have the impact so desperately needed .
DENVER -- Not since 1989 has the world seen such an all-consuming , all-engulfing wildfire of freedom and democracy , whose burning passions are sweeping across a region vast and old and desperately in need of reform .
In trying to do just that , US President Barack Obama has been harangued about the need to `` get on the right side of history , '' or , to quote Bob Dylan , `` to get out of the new -LRB- road -RRB- if you ca n't lend your hand . ''
Above all , we need to show patience with the new governments of the countries we hope to see evolving toward democracy , and avoid the tendency to expect instant gratification .
Here , everyone needs to tread with care .
The Obama administration 's efforts in Egypt , as well as the G-8 's proposals for what needs to be done for the region as a whole , signals that international leaders understand that this is a defining moment .
But far more needs to be done to ensure success .
Some countries with needed capabilities have not brought them to the fight , and others have not even provided political support .
We have raised awareness of the plight of the displaced , brought about changes in government policies , and raised billions of dollars to respond to their basic needs .
However sudden the initial displacement , the impact can last for generations , together with a long-term need for clean water , shelter , health care , and other basic services , as victims of Hurricane Mitch in Central America in 1998 know from bitter experience .
Addressing the root causes and reducing the impact of displacement should start by heeding victims ' voices -- their needs and wishes must be understood and their rights respected .
Rather than obsessing about elections , the US now seeks to build pragmatic alliances to buttress its economic needs .
But the point in reciting this litany is not so much to highlight China 's wayward behavior as it is to demonstrate the dilemma in which the country finds itself : if it behaves like a `` normal '' power , the world will forget the many hundreds of millions of people that it still needs to pull out of poverty .
During the recent National People 's Congress , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao stressed that China should not punch above its weight , and that the People 's Republic still needs stability if it is to become a society that offers a decent life to all of its citizens .
China needs a mature strategic dialogue , particularly with the EU . This will not rescue the partnership , but at least it could help define common interests , identify policy options , and create the conditions to achieve results .
Thus the mystery : how could Dr. Khan - who had no need to possess weapons design information - have handed over detailed bomb design documents to Libya ?
Surely the Pakistani public needs to be tamed by a strongman .
But ten thousand or more families will need homes in the Mansehra-Balakot-Kaghan area alone , not to speak of adjoining Kashmir .
Despite more than 700 Pakistani combat deaths , many in Musharraf 's army wish to retain the Taliban as quasi-allies who -- when the Americans leave Afghanistan someday -- will give Pakistan the `` strategic depth '' it needs against India .
LONDON -- In this , the United Nations ' International Year of Biological Diversity , and with the Convention on Biological Diversity meeting in Japan , it is clear that the environmental challenges we face are severe and increasing , and that the need for action has never been more urgent .
What is needed now is the political will and financial resources to underpin these efforts .
So , if the world 's poor need educational messages about breastfeeding and nutrition , rich nations require a different kind of education .
Urgent action is needed both to adapt to the climate change that is inevitable and to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , to prevent further damage as far as possible .
Regarding emissions from the burning of fossil fuels , the International Energy Agency -LRB- IEA -RRB- in its `` Energy Technology Perspectives '' has set out in detail the technologies and actions that are needed in different countries and sectors to meet these targets .
The US now has an opportunity to address the Palestinians ' need to be free from military occupation .
It suggests a framework for reducing emissions that respects the development needs of China 's households , addresses US firms ' competitiveness concerns , and adheres to the principle of `` common but differentiated responsibilities '' embedded in international negotiations .
Production of steel , cement , chemicals , paper , and aluminum alone account for nearly half of China 's energy needs and generate nearly half of the air pollution that claims over 300,000 lives and costs the economy close to $ 100 billion each year .
If China imposes a carbon price for its energy-intensive manufacturing industries , the US wo n't need to do so at its border , lowering risks to the international trading system on which both countries rely .
During the Cold War , they were largely suppressed in the face of the Soviet threat and Europeans ' recognition of their need of the US to meet that threat .
Instead , the European Union needs a new direction .
They do n't need to drag Britain and others kicking and screaming in their wake because the others are not compelled to join them .
Britain does not need a seat at the table when decisions on the Euro are taken .
Of course , an effective OSCE mission , confined to Tirana and comprised of experts that the country still needs , would be useful .
But Albania no longer needs the OSCE 's staff to be scattered throughout the country to monitor every aspect of its political life .
So it is far easier for authoritarian regimes like Egypt and Jordan -LRB- and in the future perhaps Syria -RRB- , where there is no need for parliamentary agreement , to launch negotiations and sign peace agreements with Israel .
While pop music fans in China can listen to whatever they like , including Madonna singing `` I 'm gonna shake up the system , '' ordinary Chinese need courage to speak such messages aloud .
Abysmal air and land transport limit the ability to move fighting forces to where they are needed most .
Although non-governmental organizations are doing an effective job , responsibilities assigned to different European countries -- such as helping the Afghan government with law enforcement and poppy eradication -- have fallen short of both needs and promises .
Even though 19 of NATO 's 26 members also belong to the EU , leaders and bureaucrats in most of these countries have been unwilling to back the commitment of their troops with the economic resources needed .
All NATO allies and EU members want the US to remain committed to Europe 's future , to take the lead elsewhere in meeting security needs on which all agree , and to admit Europe into its strategic confidence .
The same lack of security applies to delivering aid : on a recent visit to North Somalia to assess humanitarian needs , a team from the International Rescue Committee of which I was a part spent more time , effort , and funds on security issues than on inspecting wells and evaluating the need for latrines , although the lack of water and sanitation is acute .
They need food and shelter , clean water and latrines , medical care , and education .
Women and girls need protection from sexual violence , which flares up when families are forcibly displaced .
It may sound strange , but from the point of view of a humanitarian relief agency , it is not important on whose territory civilians in need are , as long as there is access to them .
Aid workers who have been in the country for a dozen years , especially from groups like my own IRC , must work with all parties to the conflict because civilians in need are everywhere .
As the heartland of some of the strongest Islamist forces anywhere , this Saudi effort -- if successful and a harbinger of other needed changes -- may have an even more profound impact than the elections in Iraq and Palestine .
We need a comparable formula for the Middle East .
More daring policies are needed .
I despaired over how long it would take to build the infrastructure needed for Estonian businesses to compete internationally .
But I fear that the steps needed to emulate Estonia 's achievements may not be very welcome elsewhere in the EU .
For example , since the late 1990 's , around 98 % of all banking transactions in Estonia have been Internet-based , so banks needed fewer tellers and fewer branch offices .
Now that Estonia 's competitiveness can no longer count on a low-cost labor force , it needs to generate new technologies .
But for Europe to develop a common energy policy comparable to our common trade regime , it will need the sine qua non of external policy : internal liberalization .
So , while we helped the neediest , we excluded others who were not poor enough to benefit .
Finally , countries in transition need support -- not only money , but also technical know-how to implement highly complex reforms .
Yes , we needed external assistance , but we never surrendered `` ownership '' of the reform process ; we made it work for us .
Several different teams of researchers need to see them `` work '' again and again using common rules .
However , we need to adapt to this situation .
In the standard model of the neo-keynesian approach , which has become more and more `` state-of-the-art '' , the usefulness of money to monetary policy analysis is challenged ; there is no need for monetary cross-checking , monetary analysis has no value-added and is superfluous .
Thus the ECB needed to rely on the few robust results theory and experience can provide .
But , it has recognized the need to include monetary analysis -- in a very broad sense -- into its policy considerations . And the strategy was flexible enough to integrate the broadening and deepening of both the monetary and economic analysis .
And , just as important , reforms aimed at ensuring greater flexibility of markets still lag behind what is needed to exploit fully the advantages of the single monetary policy .
Such temptations are understandable , and need not be animated by improper motives .
Barring some compelling need , the calculus might well arise that it is more important to abide by the constitution for some time -- and to be seen to be abiding by it -- than it is even to improve its provisions .
BLOOMINGTON , INDIANA -- Winston Churchill once said that , in wartime , truth was so precious that it needed to be surrounded by a `` bodyguard of lies . ''
While most Iraqis understand the need for US forces to be in their country for the short term , they will not abide a permanent deployment .
Then again , for three consecutive years , Iraq 's national security advisor -- a physician with no credentials for the job when appointed by the US occupation authority , except that he spoke tolerable English -- insisted that the next year would be the last in which American troops were needed .
The problem now for Iraqi and US politicians is that , to act rationally , they will need to face down elements within their own constituencies .
They must recognize that a long-term presence by US troops is out of the question , but that US combat forces will be needed in Iraq -- albeit with a diminishing role -- for the next five years .
Such a force is needed to continue pursuing al-Qaeda , and to counteract pro-Iranian activities .
If , as occurred after the last elections , months go by without the formation of a government , this will be confirmation that Iraq 's political elites will continue to subordinate the desperate needs of the country -- for security , electricity , water , and basic services -- to their political futures as they haggle over positions .
Even the European Monetary Fund may not be enough to save the day then , because those now on the side of the rescuers would become those in need of rescue .
But there is a crucial distinction to be made between the two cases : Japan needs the US to ensure its security , while China does not .
But two connected and major challenges lie ahead for Brazil and its government : the need to build a far more equal society and to resist the temptation to use nationalism to mask whatever domestic failures may manifest themselves .
To flesh out Darwinism , we obviously have to understand the three processes that are at its core . We need to know how organisms develop and reproduce , what is inherited and how it is inherited , and how heritable variations are generated .
So there is an urgent need to develop a political project that captures the imagination of the region 's peoples and leaders .
Energy projects also could be strengthened , given that energy needs are expected to grow even faster south of the Mediterranean than in Europe .
The region 's abundant gas resources should also be used to power desalination plants to meet the Maghreb 's enormous water needs .
If China is to honor its commitments on a wide range of international issues -- trade , product safety , and environmental protection , to name just a few -- and command genuine trust and respect at home and abroad , it will need to embrace people like Zhao , not silence them .
According to Vladimir Putin , the need to control and secure energy justifies a massive extension of state intervention in the economy .
The idea was that an individual could buy a computer and the software needed for a specific -LRB- and increasingly complicated -RRB- purpose , and immediately generate a productive result .
We need to celebrate , advertise , and propagandize new innovations only when their success is questionable , before they have become widely accepted .
`` But we Japanese , '' he writes , `` do n't have a religion such as Christianity or Islam , so we need something else : deep emotion . ''
But Fujiwara 's book has also revived an old debate about capitalism and the values that are needed to sustain it . That debate stems from the fact that capitalism , or the market economy , can not simply go on forever , driven by an internal momentum or dynamic .
As a result , elaborate systems of laws are needed to ensure that competition is open and fair , that monopolies and trusts do not destroy competition itself .
This is the historical analogy drawn by those who want governments to do more , particularly banks that feel vulnerable and desperately need a public bailout .
Governments not only needed to help by providing a combination of public assistance and new legislation guaranteeing deposits , but also were called on to shield their constituencies from destabilizing international influences .
In doing so it eliminates the need for a program such as Windows , which previously controlled access to every kind of software .
First , big public sector action is needed . Second , such action is complicated because in a globalized world the need for assistance spans borders .
But in a climate of profound uncertainty , self-help is not enough . Governments or central banks are needed , because only they are both big and quick enough .
British train drivers long insisted that two drivers were needed to ensure safety , whereas some mass transit systems now operate with driverless trains .
The major problem in the aftermath of today 's financial crisis is that banks are no longer providing credit for many transactions needed in the basic operation of the economy .
Even pro-market commentators have taken up the cry that the market will not provide the needed credit .
Roosevelt talked about the need to restore `` the sound internal economic system of a nation '' and condemned the `` old fetishes of so-called international bankers . ''
If the economy was foolproof , and if so many good policy options existed to deal with crisis and distress , there was less need to avoid mistakes .
The real victor of the campaign , with a vote that jumped up to 14.5 % and a position in parliament that will determine the shape of the new coalition government , was the heir of classic German liberalism , the FDP . It campaigned on a promise of tax reduction and of deregulation in order to stimulate the economic growth that Germany needs to get out of the economic crisis .
In coming years , the German government is likely to be more vocal in European and global debates . It is likely to present the German model as something that corresponds more closely to what the world needs in the aftermath of the financial crisis .
They were beset with incompatible computer software systems , rogue employees , and the need to account for the different national cultures in which they were now operating .
From banks ' perspective , the most obvious lesson was the need for a strong national government to bear the potential costs of a rescue .
Such large banks are needed because small players alone can not make a market .
In an economic downturn , that is the last thing that businesses need or want .
These markets needed the big banks to act as stabilizers and take the other side of bets .
Major adjustments are needed . At the same time , the main parties find it hard to address the country 's problems , because they are reluctant to call for sacrifice before an election .
But this demand for political moderation impedes the search for the radical and painful solutions that Britain needs .
The US economy would be highly vulnerable in the case of a euro collapse , so today 's lame ducks need to embrace each other .
Are these still needed ?
And , as a provider of a reserve currency , China would not need to continue its own quest for reserves , which has been a major contributing factor to global financial instability .
Regulators and governments view the main purpose of financial stress tests as being to persuade some institutions of the urgent need to improve their capital ratios .
None of these favored categories of credit allocation produce the dynamism and innovation that is needed for long-term , self-sustaining growth .
When anyone wants an example of how effective a Keynesian counter-cyclical strategy can be , internationally as well as domestically , they need look no further than China 's four-trillion-renminbi stimulus of 2008-2009 .
The turning point in this spring 's euro panic came when big holders of reserve currencies signaled that they saw the need for the euro as an alternative to the increasingly problematic dollar and the equally vulnerable yen .
Other countries , such as Greece , needed to have a full-blown crisis in order to prompt such adjustment measures , whereas Britain was acting prudently and preemptively .
Andrew Mellon , the United States Treasury Secretary at the time , talked about liquidating workers , farmers , stocks , and real estate in order `` to purge the rottenness out of the system . '' In Britain back then , Philip Snowden , a small man with a narrow , pinched face , who needed a cane to walk , seemed to want to remake the British economy in his physical image .
US President Herbert Hoover 's administration did not initially respond to the depression by emphasizing the need for fiscal austerity .
On the contrary , Hoover and other figures argued in a perfectly modern , Keynesian fashion that large-scale public-works programs were needed to pull the economy out of the trough .
For the past 200 years , with the exception of the Great Depression , major financial crises originated in poor and unstable countries , which then needed major policy adjustments .
In the Machiavellian tradition , lying is sometimes justified by reference to the higher needs of political statecraft , and sometimes by the claim that the state , as an embodiment of the public good , represents a higher level of morality .
They needed to fake it for seven years in order to build up adequate reserves against losses .
In mitigating or even preventing financial crises , however , sometimes policemen are needed .
There is now a need to break decisively with the discredited political logic that drives such decisions .
The convention that the IMF 's managing director needs to be a West European is not written down anywhere , least of all in the Fund 's Articles of Agreement .
But such an outcome would be to repeat the thinking of the past , when the main need was to broker influence between Europe and the US .
The IMF needs a managing director who transcends political logic and can lay out the economics of the new global order .
Cameron now talks about the need for `` a healthier relationship between politicians and media owners . '' And Murdoch apparently is now saying that he wishes that all these prime ministers would `` leave me alone . ''
Market turbulence demonstrates a need for some institutional mechanism that can ensure greater currency stability .
The higher the waves of doubt and uncertainty become , the more the common approach is needed .
Creditors in cases like that of Argentina need to be made to pay a penalty .
And there is no longer-term vision of how the fiscal integration needed for the effective operation of a monetary union could be achieved in a practical timeframe .
This temptation needs to be removed before the tempted yield to it .
Today 's big surplus countries do not need large reserves .
So there is no need for a strategy to deal with China 's economic rise ; but there is a need to lock in China 's prosperity and reduce the chances of political eruption .
The changes that we are advocating are designed to target specific areas of need instead of strengthening health system capacity .
Both countries have epidemics driven by injecting drug users -LRB- IDUs -RRB- who share needles and syringes , the most efficient way to transmit HIV .
The success of such programs also depends on establishing needle\/syringe exchanges at convenient locations , both to provide clean equipment and to draw users into the healthcare system .
As the third leg of the stool , IDUs need counseling .
But it 's much cheaper , although forbidden , to use the old equipment and refill them with CFC 's when needed than to buy new machines and use the more environmentally benign but more costly alternatives .
But the death tolls of the past need not become the world 's future .
Cessation by the 1.1 billion current smokers is needed to lower tobacco deaths over the next few decades .
But , in addition to supporting Liu 's achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese government 's reaction .
But , in 2009 , it would not hurt if China 's leadership also took note of the need to continue assuring the world of its commitment to a `` peaceful rise , '' and to do so by boldly addressing some of the unresolved issues that this year 's anniversaries will highlight .
Why are these antitrust tools not used against today 's megabanks , which have become so powerful that they can sway legislation and regulation massively in their favor , while also receiving generous taxpayer-financed bailouts as needed ?
Regulators can do a great deal , but they need political direction from the highest level in order to make genuine progress .
Thus , the US urgently needs to begin making four serious changes .
To halt this downward spiral , Ireland 's risk of insolvency needs to be put to rest .
Either banks need to default on their senior obligations , or the government will need to default alongside the banks .
In either case , new austerity measures are needed , and Ireland will require substantial bridge financing .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
These deficits facilitate the surpluses that emerging markets such as China want to run -- the world 's current accounts add up to zero , so if one large set of countries wants to run a surplus , someone big needs to run a deficit .
If a country can support debt totaling 80 % of GNP -LRB- a rough but reasonable rule of thumb -RRB- , then we need approximately 50 % `` haircuts '' on this existing and forthcoming debt -LRB- reducing it to 75 % of its nominal value -RRB- .
And this leaves out government spending that may be needed for further recapitalization of Greek banks .
Drastic action is needed to prevent European bond markets from drying up . Trichet has said repeatedly that current ECB interventions do not target interest rates .
At a minimum , the ECB will probably need to match the $ 1 trillion annual US rate of quantitative easing , and front-load much of it .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Democratic and Republican leaders in Washington are suddenly falling over themselves to agree on the need for major tax cuts -- affecting not just middle-class Americans , but also very rich people -LRB- both living and when they die -RRB- .
But there is a broader Reagan-type reasoning at work here : unemployment is high , the economy is not growing fast enough , and we `` need a fiscal stimulus . '' For those who generally like lower taxes , of course , this , too , is wishful thinking .
Implementing the policy commitments from the multilateral consultation is also needed to avoid a loss of confidence in the dollar .
The politics is not so simple , but we need cooperation between countries to reduce these risks , and we need it now .
These representatives -- with whom I 've interacted at three congressional hearings recently -- are convinced that the US federal government is too big relative to the economy , and that drastic measures are needed to bring it under control .
So Greece -- and arguably the PIIGS more generally -- are left with the need to curtail demand massively , lower wages , and reduce the public-sector workforce .
With France 's next presidential election fast approaching in 2012 , the last thing Sarkozy now needs is for Strauss-Kahn to play a statesman-like role in saving the euro zone .
If Greece is to start paying just the interest on its debt -- rather than rolling it into new loans -- by 2011 the government would need to run a primary budget surplus -LRB- i.e. , excluding interest payments -RRB- of nearly 10 % of GDP .
If Greece is ever to repay some of this debt , it will need a drastic austerity program lasting decades . Such a program would cause Greek GDP to fall far more than Ireland 's sharp decline to date .
And , even on such generous terms , Greece would probably need a daunting 10 % - of-GDP fiscal adjustment just to return to a more stable debt path .
Greek banks would need to be recapitalized , but then they could make new loans again .
The Germans and French would need to inject new capital into their banks -LRB- perhaps finally becoming open to tighter regulation to prevent this from happening again -RRB- , and the whole world would become more wary about lending to profligate sovereigns .
Yet it still does not routinely collect the data that it needs -- trades by time and customer -- to understand the actions and impact of large traders .
But it amounts to essentially the same thing : when the chips were down , the most powerful governments in the world -LRB- on paper , at least -RRB- deferred again and again to the needs and wishes of people who had lent money to big banks .
With a clear commitment to the low-carbon industrial revolution , businesses around the world , large or small , can compete with confidence , invest with certainty , and drive the scale and innovation necessary to make the changes we need to make .
At this time of financial turmoil , a global deal in Copenhagen needs to bring world leaders together in a strong , clear message to business : follow the low carbon path , we will support you all the way .
Reforms to defuse the crisis are needed .
It is argued that early retirement systems cater to needs that are different from those addressed by traditional PAYG schemes .
Early retirement policies everywhere stand in clear need of reform .
Thus , the treaty unfortunately permits any signatory to acquire the most important facilities needed for making atomic bombs .
It would seem that some other lessons are needed .
But that theory meshed with suspicious ease with the perceived domestic political need for the president to appear `` tough '' -- to avoid appearing `` less of a hawk than your more respectable opponents , '' as Bundy later put it .
To understand where Pakistan 's massive problems began , we need to look back to the country 's founding . At a press meeting on November 14 , 1946 , nine months before British India was partitioned into two countries , India and Pakistan , Jinnah was asked about the future of the communal situation in what would become Pakistan .
But , as the Indian economist and frequent policymaker Vijay Kelkar has put it , `` India needs to fashion -LRB- its -RRB- own sui generis model of growth and development ... towards an advanced economy , always promoting inclusive growth , and thus gain the benefits of enhanced efficiency , greater equity , and better governance under a liberal democracy . ''
But this does not mean that agriculture should be neglected ; on the contrary , it remains a way of life for many millions of Indians , who need capital and new technology .
Rather than endless debates about higher budgetary allocations , India needs to find practical ways to promote effective , targeted , self-adjusting , and self-liquidating anti-poverty programs .
India does not need more laws .
It needs more effective and more accountable governments .
It does not need more regulations , but rather a vastly larger canvas for individual freedom and opportunity .
How can fundamentalists advocate limiting economic growth as a solution to the problem of global warming when there are men , women , and children in their hundreds of millions , all over the world , who still lead lives of abject poverty and are in desperate need of help ?
Institutional reform is a delicate affair that needs to be done with caution and sometimes against the conventional reform dogma .
Reforms need to acknowledge the mindsets of people and the incentive structures that govern their behavior .
To obtain sustainable results , policymakers need to accept that sometimes `` good enough is enough . ''
However , as populations grow and the need for energy increases , fragile ecosystems are threatened .
Clearly , African countries , assisted by their development partners , need to develop the continent 's enormous energy potential as an integral part of their efforts to spur economic growth and reduce poverty .
An integrated , continent-wide energy strategy , linked to national policies for growth would , indeed , go a long way toward addressing this important need .
If the nations of North Africa are to succeed in meeting the needs and expectations of their peoples , policymakers must draw the appropriate lessons from the past -- and aim to get it right this time around .
Of course , most of us do n't need to be conditioned to feel repulsed by rape or torture .
Even in the most advanced and affluent societies , a vast concentrated effort is needed to preserve even minimal decency : think of locks , security alarms , police , courts , and prisons .
And those who , like the psychopathic Alex , need the most help are probably those who would want it least .
But the main reason for India 's good relations with Myanmar 's ruling thugs is the country 's vast and still largely unexploited energy reserves , which India desperately needs to fuel its economic boom .
The government must be seen to care about `` aam aadmi , '' the common man -LRB- who votes -RRB- , while satisfying the needs of businessmen -LRB- who keep the economy humming -RRB- .
While well intentioned , the new budget 's lavish loan forgiveness scheme will not help those farmers who most need relief : 80 % of India 's farmers have no access to formal credit , and it is bank loans that are to be forgiven .
But , because these items amount to a pittance of India 's total budget , total spending remains low , especially relative to need .
Moreover , there is nothing to indicate that the government aid proposed in the budget will reach those who need it with any more efficiency than the dismal record so far .
The argument to India was essentially this : You need us to realize your ambition to become a major world power , and we share a concern over China 's rise and Islamist terrorism , so let 's work together .
The elements of a new Obama vision for the US-India relationship would be : an emergency joint task force to fast-track the development of sustainable solutions to meet India 's and the world 's burgeoning energy , water and food needs .
For Gandhi , the spinning wheel symbolized the need to assume personal responsibility for consumption as a first step toward achieving justice and freedom for all .
When asked what he thought about Western civilization , Gandhi famously replied , `` It would be a good idea . '' He also said that `` Earth provides enough to satisfy every man 's need , but not every man 's greed . ''
Japan 's political leadership needs to be founded on a competitive but stable political structure .
Many of Japan 's neighbors were understandably reassured by the Cold War arrangement whereby America promised to defend Japan , relieving the country of the need for a powerful military .
Abe says that he would `` expect '' the early adoption of the referendum law needed to amend the constitution .
Part of the problem lies in Japan 's educational system . Owing to a curriculum controlled by the powerful Japan Teachers Union , since the end of WWII many Japanese youth have viewed the Japan-China relationship with a consciousness of the need for atonement for the Sino-Japanese War .
But the issue goes beyond education . Coerced into feeling the need to atone to China , Japan passively tolerated recent episodes of worrying Chinese behavior .
More is at stake than maritime interests . With a revision of Japan 's National Defense Program expected by year 's end , the prime minister 's Council on Security and Defense Capabilities has indicated a need to respond to China 's military expansion , particularly its buildup of armed forces .
A glimpse of the silent rage of China 's populace has awakened Japan to the need for a comprehensive regional strategy .
The draft revision of the NDPO seems to recognize this , emphasizing the need for Japan 's own defense efforts , cooperation through the Japanese-US alliance , and contributions to multilateral missions .
Moreover , the National Security Council has indicated the need to introduce a new plan for multi-functional flexible defense forces .
Japan needs to develop well-balanced defense forces with the capacity needed to respond to new threats , such as the rapid build-up of China 's navy , especially its submarine forces .
America did n't budge on bilateral negotiations , and its response to North Korea 's recent announcement that it possesses nuclear weapons likewise emphasized the need to revive the six-party talks .
New legislation will be needed to enable amendments to the constitution , and this will take time and even more debate .
Fundamental change , indeed , is needed as soon as possible , because current interpretations of the constitution have consistently distorted Japan 's security and defense policies .
Japan needs to be able to back up the Security Council with men , and hence share the political risk , as well as the cost , of the UN 's efforts to maintain world peace .
We need a better answer this time .
Russia 's ruling elite is increasingly failing to measure up to Russia 's capabilities and needs .
Russia needs a serious discussion , within the elite and among the public , about national strategy , just as it needs to create an effective planning and coordination mechanism for foreign policy .
None of these countries needs NATO , but the smell of PATO , CENTO , SEATO , and other long forgotten pacts and pseudo pacts is again in the air .
Greater Europe , in which I include not only Russia , but also the US , needs a new peace treaty , or rather system of accords , that draw a line under Europe 's horrible twentieth century and thus prevent a historical relapse .
What is needed is a new pan-European treaty on collective security , signed either by individual countries or by NATO and the EU , as well as by Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States .
In a nearly perfect world , Russia and the US would not need large nuclear stockpiles .
What is most needed nowadays is clear thinking about how to live with an expanding club of nuclear states while keeping the world relatively stable .
To this end , the two great nuclear powers need a coordinated deterrence policy towards new nuclear states .
Arms-control talks are mostly needed for rendering national arsenals more transparent , and for building confidence between the great powers .
It needs such weapons to compensate psychologically for NATO 's preponderance -- a reversal of the Cold War epoch -- in conventional forces .
I firmly doubt the need to dispense with deterrence .
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
While missile defense is most likely unnecessary , given the absence of any serious threat , the Obama administration and other American realists -- who are aware of the impossibility and uselessness of creating a multi-layered anti-ballistic missile -LRB- ABM -RRB- system -- need such talks .
But what is really needed is effective cooperation where it counts the most : containing the increasing instability in the Greater Middle East , ensuring that Afghanistan does not turn into yet another regional cancer , and preventing a chain reaction of nuclear proliferation in the region .
Similarly , Russia and the US need cooperation , not farcical rivalry , in developing new sea routes and possible energy deposits in the Arctic , and in interacting with China and other Asia-Pacific countries in joint development of the resource potential of Siberia and Russia 's Far East .
MOSCOW -- Over the past 18 months , Russia 's relations with Asia have begun to improve . Both President Dmitri Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin have repeatedly pointed to the need for an economic turn to Asia .
But , if current trends persist , Russia east of the Urals , and later the entire country , will become an appendage of China -- a warehouse of resources , and then an economic and political vassal . No `` aggressive '' or unfriendly effort by China will be needed ; Russia will be subdued by default .
Nor does Russia need to cater to pacifism for domestic political considerations , as a pacifist movement is non-existent in my country .
What is needed is a reform that responds to today 's international order and updates the increasingly obsolete and ignored body of international law to today 's new economic and political realities .
The most obvious solution is to increase the number of permanent members from five to eight or nine -LRB- including Germany , Japan , India and possibly Brazil -RRB- and to change the voting rules , so that two or three permanent members -- rather than just one -- are needed to block an action .
Institutionalizing the G-8 and providing it with executive functions could best provide the external impetus that is needed .
Instead , a regional approach was and is needed . It must be concentrated on the sanctuaries of those who train , equip , and motivate the extremists and send them out to hurt us all .
If we can all work together -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies -- I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs extremism as an instrument of policy .
All of Burma 's people deserve security , and refugee women and girls who have experienced gender-based violence need the world 's solidarity and support .
Insistence on such policies at a time when the US and most of the rest of the rich world are following virtually the opposite economic strategy indicates the need for fundamental rethinking of what actually generates growth and development .
The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed .
We need to take concrete steps now so that we are prepared to implement a no-fly zone immediately if Qaddafi starts using his airpower to kill large numbers of civilians .
Diplomacy is urgently needed to build broad support for a no-fly zone .
To avoid the perception of NATO or the US attacking another Muslim country , the backing of the Arab world is also needed .
Before that decision is reached , the international community needs to provide humanitarian assistance and medical supplies to the rebels in eastern Libya .
To answer , one needs to understand the composition of the Iranian electorate .
In Khomeini 's view , the jurist-ruler could modify religious laws , depending on his interpretation of the needs of the regime .
All parties need to find a formula to resolve the issue before it again threatens to erupt into conflict .
Only those with a strong background in intelligence or the Revolutionary Guards , and a low profile in domestic politics , need apply .
For that plan to work , Ahmadinejad needs to survive through the next parliamentary election in March 2012 and the presidential election in June 2013 , despite Khamenei 's determination to marginalize him .
He aspires audaciously to what he calls the universal Walmartization of healthcare -- a reshaping of medical care that the world 's indigent need , and in Africa more than most other locations .
Fourteen countries attended to discuss food price inflation , energy needs , etc. . Alas , India 's voice was drowned out , not by China 's attempts to provide medicine and education to Africa , but by the sheer magnitude of Chinese state-owned enterprises ' investments in physical infrastructure .
But loud voices need not be the most effective .
Government programs to supply these needs are plagued with corruption -LRB- by some estimates 50-70 % of all welfare spending in India is stolen -RRB- and unable to provide quality services .
Moreover , large companies have been unable to serve these populations ' needs , because to do so would require them to reinvent their existing business models around new product , distribution , and pricing paradigms .
The KGB knew that there was really no need to keep his name secret , but , as KGB chief Ivan Serov told me , the enemy 's resources were limited , so let them waste their efforts trying to uncover `` non-secret '' secrets .
The Nobel Prize committee decided to give an award to Sputnik 's `` chief designer , '' but first it needed the person 's name .
A realist in his bones , Putin recognizes Russia 's changed status . But this recognition is not a confession of weakness ; instead , it reflects his clear-sighted analysis of Russia 's current predicament , and of the country 's need to create , recreate , and sustain friendly relations among all of its neighbors if lost influence is to be regained .
Final negotiations over North Korea 's nuclear ambitions will undoubtedly need to take place between the US and Kim Jong Il .
But what Russia needs is political parties that stand for something other than their boss 's will .
Putin understands instinctively that Russia needs elements of democracy , if only to distinguish the new Russia from the old , and to let the odd gust of healthy fresh air in .
Yet the true test of a ruler is not to pander to his people 's expectations , but to peer into the future and match the country 's aspirations with its needs and capacities .
His monomaniacal drive to centralize power is driving out the very expertise that the country needs to flourish .
Yeltsin 's tragedy , and Russia 's , was that , when the country needed a leader with vision and determination , it found an agile political operator instead .
So other pressure will need to be applied , primarily by the European Union and the United States .
The outgoing Fradkov , surprisingly , put the matter best when he explained why he had resigned : with elections approaching , Putin needed a free hand .
Only democratic systems and free markets provide the essential signals that a government needs in order to act efficiently .
Yet the Kremlin understands that something is needed to replace them as Russia adapts to its new oil-fueled autocracy .
But it is now that we need that Solzhenitsyn most .
Today , the contemporary version of the KGB , the Federal Security Bureau -LRB- FSB -RRB- , runs Russia 's energy businesses in much the same top-down way that the KGB once ran the Soviet Union , with business always subordinate to the regime 's political needs .
Gazprom is also Russia 's main lever of influence in the EU as a whole , because the company supplies 30 % of the Union 's natural gas needs .
Similarly , while the world today searches for ways to confront dependence on fossil fuels and seeks other , cleaner energy sources , Russia continues to live off its oil and gas , which only encourages it to delay the economic and political restructuring that it will need to succeed in the long term .
And the appearance that needs the most maintenance is that of a modern and civilized Russia .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
Koreans need to step up , speak out , and do more , and that should start with more generous official development assistance .
Now , they , and Asians at large , need to bring both their skills and their success to bear on the most pressing global issues of the day .
That is why , as Secretary-General , I have spoken out for the needs of mothers and pregnant women at every opportunity .
As chair of this year 's replenishment of the Global Fund , I urge all donors to see to it that countries such as Uganda get the support they need , so that Dr. Mugyenyi and other front-line soldiers in the fight against AIDS need not make those difficult choices .
All we need is a way to live our days ,
All we need is to survive in Africa .
Most immediately , there is an urgent need for more cholera treatment centers .
More trained medical and non-medical personnel are needed to run these facilities .
Approximately 30,000 community health workers and volunteers are also needed to help staff an estimated 15,000 oral re-hydration points .
Haiti needs a strong and legitimate government to overcome the challenges ahead .
They need , and deserve , our support .
But they need , and deserve , strong national leadership as well .
We have only to read the newspaper , turn on the television , or go online to appreciate the sheer scale of the need .
That is why G-20 leaders accept the need to work closely with the UN -- after all , no organization does development better .
These trends link the fate and future of today 's seven billion people as never before . No nation alone can solve the great global challenges of the twenty-first century . International cooperation is a universal need .
At a time when all nations are experiencing individual challenges , we need to forge a worldwide common agenda that can help to ensure that the seven billionth baby and future generations grow up in a world characterized by sustainable peace , prosperity , freedom , and justice .
In the next five years , we need to create a new economic vision for sustainable development and forge global consensus on a binding climate change agreement .
Israel needs security .
We have helped people affected by severe flooding in Southeast Asia , and by drought in the Horn of Africa , where 14 million need emergency help .
We need to restore order to international financial markets .
By then , we need a shared vision of a new global climate change agreement to replace the Kyoto Protocol , which runs out in 2012 .
We need to change the UN 's culture .
The worker used a low-cost diagnostic kit to confirm the malaria diagnosis , circumventing the need for a microscope and laboratory ; a smart phone to key in the test results and receive advice from an `` expert system '' designed by public-health specialists ; and state-of-the-art combination drug therapy to cure the illness .
At a time when the global economy is sputtering , we need growth .
At a time when unemployment in many nations is rising , we need new jobs .
At a time when poverty threatens to overtake hundreds of millions of people , especially in the least developed parts of the world , we need the promise of prosperity .
We need new efforts to bring the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty into force , and for the Conference on Disarmament to begin negotiations on a fissile material treaty immediately , without preconditions .
The lack of an authoritative estimate of the total number of nuclear weapons attests to the need for greater transparency .
Finally , a number of complementary measures are needed . These include eliminating other types of WMD ; new efforts against WMD terrorism ; limits on the production and trade in conventional arms ; and new weapons bans , including of missiles and space weapons .
Connecting the Solutions WASHINGTON , DC -- The world does not need to be reminded of the urgency of this historical moment .
We need to recognize what Martin Luther King , Jr. called the `` fierce urgency of now '' if we are to safeguard millions of people 's livelihoods and hopes for the future .
Yet , while I welcome this debate and fully recognize the need for long-term measures , I am acutely conscious of time .
First , we need a global stimulus package to turn this crisis around .
Emerging markets and other developing countries will need oxygen in the form of credit lines and trade financing .
The sooner we have such an agreement in place , the sooner we will see the green investments and green growth we so badly need .
We need solutions to each that are solutions to all .
We need a deal that will extend , deepen , and strengthen the Kyoto Protocols .
We need a new treaty for the twenty-first century that is balanced , inclusive , and comprehensive -- one that all nations can embrace .
Clearly , we need a global stimulus .
But we need to do more . Above all , we need to think boldly and freshly .
My third proposal relates to the rule of law . Universal membership in multilateral treaties is key , as are regional nuclear-weapon-free zones and a new treaty on fissile materials . President Barack Obama 's support for US ratification of the CTBT is welcome -- the treaty only needs a few more ratifications to enter into force . Disarmament must be rooted in legal obligations .
Finally , I am urging progress in eliminating other weapons of mass destruction and limiting missiles , space weapons and conventional arms -- all of which are needed for a nuclear-weapon-free world . Disarmament must anticipate emerging dangers from other weapons .
Governments and major pharmaceutical companies must be sure that poorer nations receive the medical supplies they need .
At the same time , the pandemic reminds us that we need to think and act beyond it .
Being a woman need not and should not be among the greatest challenges of life .
Either the island will reunite under a UN plan accepted by both sides or the status quo will need to change by some other means .
Both leaders need the full support of the transatlantic community .
The US is particularly well situated to contribute to the process in a positive manner , and its engagement at the appropriate level will be needed in the coming months .
Our neighborhood policy needs support , not criticism .
The Turkish political system needs the sense of confidence that comes with EU engagement and the real prospect of membership in order to pursue the systemic political reforms that are still needed .
What is needed , instead , is a serious debate about the conditions that will allow Turkey to fulfill its transatlantic promise .
Such services must be accessible to everyone who needs them .
Although 25 countries officially stated their support for proven methods such as needle exchange and overdose prevention , the summit 's outcome was a watered-down political declaration that fails to acknowledge crucial lessons that have been learned over the last decade .
The refusal to include the words `` harm reduction '' seems motivated by ideology rather than science , despite clear evidence showing that needle exchange and substitution treatment keep drug users alive and free of deadly infections .
Since assuming office , President Barack Obama has made clear his desire to lift the federal ban on needle exchange in the United States .
By freeing up resources devoted to enforcing policies against low-level users , countries can better tackle serious drug-supply issues and provide people with the effective treatment that they need and deserve .
A cleanup is needed to restore credibility , but prospects for comprehensive reform remain limited , given the history of poor accounting and transparency standards in most member states .
A realignment of US military forces in Japan is needed , with priority given to relocating the Futenma US Marine Corps base on Okinawa , which houses half of the 47,000 US troops in Japan .
This display of weak-kneed diplomacy appalled many Japanese , and popular support for Kan 's administration has plummeted .
He has always shown scant regard for his people 's plight , and he still expects to get two-thirds or more of the oil and food he needs from China .
But it is wrong -- at least for now -- to think that a formal structure of alliances to contain China is needed in the way that one was required to contain the Soviet Union .
In the past , China has recognized the vital need for good neighborly relations .
Who transferred the technology that the North needed ?
If these include personnel from Room 99 , Kim 's secret nuclear directorate , and Room 39 , the bureau that controls his slush fund of hard currencies , more attention is needed .
This confluence of political need has created an opportunity for all three countries to cooperate more closely in the management of civilian nuclear power , and this opportunity should not be missed .
Nowadays , US policy on Asia needs the type of strategic vision and insight that guided Kissinger 's discussions with Mao Zedong and Zhou En-lai four decades ago .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
Japan 's government in particular needs to identify a coherent Asia strategy and stick to it , instead of leaning towards China one minute , and America the next .
More is needed .
In South Korea , the remarkable Park Guen-hye 's bid to become her country 's first woman president may provide an excuse -- as if any were needed -- for North Korean mischief-making .
The elections earlier this year , which many at first assumed were a sham , now appear to have produced changes to which Asia 's countries will need to collectively and individually respond .
What Asia most needs today is a well-conceived regional system , embedded in binding multilateral institutions .
But much more is needed .
Of course , no textbook can provide all the answers a finance minister needs in today 's post-crisis world , particularly to meet Japan 's daunting challenges .
Coming at a time when governments with even less debt than Japan need to show that they are putting their financial houses in order , Japan 's budget sends precisely the wrong signal to markets .
The country has laws on the books to handle the matter . They simply need to be enforced .
What is needed , and badly , is a nonpartisan body to find a sustainable way to pay for the country 's social security programs .
Although reconnaissance flights by Russia 's Air Force frequently occur in Japan 's northern skies , both countries understand the need for caution in their actions .
Whether Kim Jong-eun or Kim Kyong-hui intend to soldier on in desperate isolation , or to bring in economic change , they lack the revolutionary credentials and grip on power needed to do so .
Such a unified voice is needed , for six years of war and the biggest military operation in NATO 's history have failed to subdue the Afghan insurgency , leaving President Hamid Karzai 's increasingly corrupt government dependent on the continued presence of international forces .
Overall , there are at least 60 such operating restrictions -- known as `` caveats '' -- on European troops , preventing commanders from deploying military assets where they are most needed .
The US has argued that more troops are needed to dominate the terrain , lambasting EU governments for failing to step up their efforts as the US commits 3500 additional marines to the fray .
The mission needs a 10 % troop increase , more military and police trainers , and more military equipment , including helicopters .
The appointment of a new UN envoy should prove a more efficient way of coordinating Afghanistan 's international helpmates . And it is to be hoped that whoever is chosen may be able to foster the grand bargain between the US and EU that is so badly needed .
Otherwise , European governments will find it difficult to explain the need to step up efforts in the region , and the European Commission 's technical programs will continue to define the EU 's policy .
Moreover , in order to provide much-needed finance to local firms , Argentina needs some of the savings that have been sent abroad to return .
But an overarching collective commitment is needed to take advantage of this opportunity , and to achieve inclusive development .
To maintain the fixed exchange rate the Chinese central bank would need to offset this by increasing the money supply -- the opposite of what it set out to do in the first place .
Here , too , however , we need more precise knowledge of the properties of nuclear processes .
The door to partnership is open ; Russia need not break it down .
Even those with close historical ties to France , like Romania , are standing up to France , because Chirac and his colleagues do not offer them the type of `` European reflex '' they want and need .
This is hardly the type of leadership Europe needs to survive and prosper in the modern world .
The bad news is that all three politicians are lame ducks unlikely to undertake the reforms Europe so badly needs before their final goodbyes .
`` In Europe we need to have more flexible labor markets and more structural reforms . ''
In an anonymous leak to a major financial news service , an ECB official falsely maintained that unanimity was needed for a rate hike , implying a single dove could stop it .
More than anything , the pre-announcement controversy demonstrates that a renewed spirit of consensus and collegiality in the ECB 's Governing Council is sorely needed .
Indeed , even before the sudden downturn in the US economy , a growing number of members of the ECB 's Governing Council already had come to the conclusion that accelerating the pace of interest-rate increases was needed if its goal of monetary neutrality was to be achieved .
The reason is clear : Europe remains too dependent on the US for its defense needs .
Perhaps after 2008 , the politics in America will change in favor of an energy tax , but such a tax is needed now .
The decline will likely be sustained by the substantial US current account deficit , which found in Bernanke 's cuts the spark it needed to make its impact fully felt in foreign exchange markets .
By pumping in whatever liquidity the financial sector needs to alleviate the credit crunch , the ECB is effectively maintaining a deflationary bias for the financial sector , whereas it has announced an inflationary bias for the rest of the economy .
In the United States , it should be remembered , the need for a fiscal stimulus developed , so it seems , out of the blue .
None , in fact , was needed .
But the ECB was `` slow '' to cut rates not because of the need for consensus , but because it is a non-activist bank that cuts rates only when the inflation picture justifies it .
According to Mr. Duisenberg , there was not a single instance when an important monetary policy decision was delayed because of the need for consensus .
The Germans , in particular , need a time out to reflect upon the wisdom of their recent bullyboy tactics .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
So , when they took power in 1990 , they were honest enough to say that the `` spontaneous order '' advocated by their hero Friedrich von Hayek would not work because reform needed to be pushed from above .
For strong leadership is needed not only in dangerous times but in good times , because democracies rot from within .
Survival was all that mattered , and for this it needed money .
Besides , heroes are no longer needed here .
`` It would appear that , on the level of individual nations and of international relations , the free market is the most efficient instrument for utilizing resources and effectively responding to needs .
But this is true only for those needs which are ` solvent , ' insofar as they are endowed with purchasing power , and for those resources which are ` marketable , ' insofar as they are capable of obtaining a satisfactory price . ''
But the Pope added : '' -LRB- T -RRB- here are many human needs which find no place on the market . ''
When a firm makes a profit , this means that productive factors have been properly employed and corresponding human needs have been duly satisfied . ''
Eliminating the abuses that accompany capitalism and harnessing it for the benefit of society and human morals still needs to be tackled .
John Paul II had the courage to raise the fundamental questions that needed asking .
Despite their harsh rhetoric , both sides know that they need to give ground -- and not just figuratively .
Yet the strong link between the fate of the coalition -LRB- and that of the Fourth Republic -RRB- and a fickle electorate addicted to social benefits will block the serious reforms that are needed to put the economy on a sound footing in the long term .
In that case , life with the twins could become more interesting than Poland needs .
Stories of cooperation such as READ illustrate how old notions of assistance need to be re-examined and challenged .
We need to apply global experience , yet with customization for local circumstances .
Given the nationalist sentiments motivating the beef protesters , the strength of opposition forces , and widespread hostility to opening and privatizing the South Korean economy further , Lee , whose authoritarian style of management reminds many of the era of military rule , will now need to move forward carefully .
Between now and his inauguration on January 20 , he will need to hone his policies .
As a presidential candidate , Obama spoke of the need for `` sustained , direct , and aggressive diplomacy '' to deal with North Korea .
That being the case , Obama needs to build a strong team of experienced Korea hands to push the agenda forward .
Instead , they need to be part of a convincing overall plan that combines responsible state intervention with relief of the financial burdens of individual citizens , as well as savings in public budgets .
Rather , the new financial architecture that many are calling for , and which is urgently needed , must be supported by an ethical framework .
Further , no one has the right to use her or his possessions without concern for the needs of society and Earth .
All this shows that reflection on common ethical values , a global ethic , is needed more urgently now than ever before .
Iran remains several years away from mastering the technology needed to build nuclear weapons , which provides time to search for such diplomatic openings .
The Arab street has changed the calculus of fear not only in the countries that have witnessed major protests , but also in the rest of the Arab world , where rulers are on notice that discontent need not remain submerged forever .
It need not be inevitable .
Such an agreement must end all types of military and armed attacks as well as assassinations , and it needs to be monitored by a neutral third party -- namely , the quartet -LRB- the US , the UN , the EU , and Russia -RRB- that drew up the road map , which already contains a provision for foreign monitors .
The agreement needs to be followed by an effort to end the economic and administrative siege of Palestine , as well as serious peace talks with Israel aimed at ending the 39-year occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
At home , the new government needs to pay its civil servants , restore law and order , and end the chaos that has become the norm in the Palestinian territories .
Money , however , is not the only need .
The ceasefire understanding between Palestinian factions and Israel will need to be honored through the commitment of both sides and a parallel political process .
If resumption of political violence and property destruction is to be avoided , a new internal security policy will be needed .
In order to end lawlessness , the Palestinian security leadership will need to lift the protection given to armed individuals who have been using their weapons with impunity to injure , kill , and destroy property .
Indeed , law and order must be the top priority of the unity government , owing to the need to restore the Palestinian public 's faith in Palestinian leaders from all factions .
They argue that the positions acceptable in Taba -LRB- following the failure of Camp David II -RRB- must be the basis of any agreement , and that what needs to be negotiated now is the timetable for implementation .
Backed by a reasonable Arab peace plan , they will insist that there is already a worldwide consensus on restoring the 1967 borders -LRB- with mutual adjustments of equal size and quality -RRB- , the need for a fair agreement on dealing with refugees , and a formula to share Jerusalem .
Only such an understanding can permit a start to the groundwork needed for a political resolution that can permanently end both the siege of Gaza and the occupation of Palestinian lands .
Palestinians were so locked in their opposition to Zionism that they were unable to appreciate the Jews ' existential needs , just as they failed to appreciate the effects of indiscriminate acts of violence against Israeli civilians .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
In the aftermath of Israel 's assault on Gaza , Palestinians hoped that Israel would choose a leader who would focus on the need to end the suffering , lift the siege , and begin rebuilding .
The anger of northern Israel 's Arab citizens at the killing of their brethren across the border led to a boycott that cost Peres the few thousand votes he needed to win .
The fact that Israelis and Palestinians need to agree on a solution of the refugee issue neutralizes unwarranted Israeli fears about the demographic threat posed by the Palestinians ' right of return .
Demolition of Palestinian houses and Israeli provocations in East Jerusalem highlight the need to confront this issue without delay .
But instead of bashing or seeking to undermine Al Jazeera , politicians should encourage this bastion of free expression , recognizing that Arabs will need to endure a messy process on the way to democracy .
By focusing on the need to reach agreements on borders within a short time period , Palestinians are saying that they do not see any need to negotiate gradual steps , preferring to agree on the final settlement first and then work back on issues of implementation .
Clinton , who was embroiled in domestic problems , badly needed an international success , and assured Arafat that fingers would not be pointed at either party if the talks failed .
But if one party is more interested in a process than in the need for peace , something must be wrong .
So what is needed is not negotiations , but political will .
In the meantime , there is no need for a process that has no chance of accomplishing peace .
In Libya , however , the need was different .
Another type of help was needed , but deciding what form it should take was complicated .
Abbas conducts himself in a business-like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics .
He needs to make it clear to every armed Palestinian that there will be no tolerance for any unofficial group carrying arms or conducting military attacks from Palestinian territory .
In order to preserve national unity , Abbas will obviously need to use all his persuasive skills to convince radical groups -LRB- some in his own Fatah movement -RRB- to respect that approach .
The day-to-day lives -- and livelihoods -- of Palestinians need immediate improvement .
The real need is to encourage investment , primarily from Palestinians and Arabs . But this is unlikely without major legal and administrative reforms , and , more generally , good governance and ironclad application of the rule of law .
The decision by Hamas to join the political process by participating in the upcoming legislative elections shows that even this hardline Islamic movement has concluded that our conflict needs to be addressed by political rather than military means .
Sharon and you might have felt that unilateral action was needed in Gaza , but the withdrawal from Gaza could have produced many more benefits for both sides had it been done bilaterally .
After all , anyone who wants to be re-elected must give priority to the needs of their own people and not necessarily to the demands of the international community .
For the time being , and until this will is found , the world should give Hamas time to deal with the daily needs of Palestinians .
Once the possibility of serious negotiations appears , a Hamas that has improved the lives of ordinary Palestinians will be in a position to carry out the negotiations that will be needed for a historic compromise .
Olmert reportedly did not see the need .
On the most basic level , for example , the people of south Lebanon needed maps of where Israel had laid mines , but these were never provided .
They need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply can not and should not be solved by brute force .
God knows , change is still needed on that front .
Now , more than ever , it needs Anwar to reestablish its credibility .
And , to become prime minister , Anwar needs UMNO .
Strong leadership also is needed to protect the interests of the five states in which the opposition has now won control for the first time .
Thus , they will need strong advocacy at the federal level to ensure they receive their fair due .
He is not naive , and knows that patience , compromise , and a policy of small steps are often needed .
And Europe does need to develop structures and decision-making processes that limit conflicts of interest by offering compromise solutions .
EU leaders lament Ukraine 's political divisions and slow pace of reform , and the country 's leaders need to address these criticisms .
Estonia did not need to ponder long about the options it faced .
This is why our belief in collective security is so acute ; it is why we understand the need to be not only `` consumers '' of security but providers of it as well .
These issues of tax havens , looted funds , bribery , and corruption are at the nexus of the urgent need to foster openness and transparency in financial transactions , and to ensure accountability at the global level .
Those countries that have signed and ratified UNCAC now need to implement it .
To navigate it , we need strong political will around the world -- leadership over brinksmanship , cooperation over competition , and action over reaction .
In these circumstances , we need collective action for global recovery along four main policy lines : repair , reform , rebalancing , and rebuilding .
Advanced countries need credible medium-term plans to stabilize and reduce public debt .
I would also include the social dimension under the reform banner -- particularly the need to identify and nurture sources of growth capable of generating sufficient jobs .
With lower spending and higher savings in the advanced economies , key emerging markets must take up the slack and start providing the demand needed to power the global recovery .
Many countries , including those with low income levels , need to rebuild their economic defenses -- for example , by strengthening their budget positions -- to protect themselves against future storms .
But we need to act quickly -- and together .
But what still needs to be explained is the timing of Japan 's boom and bust over the last 15 years , as well as the reasons for the duration of the country 's ongoing slump .
The Japanese government also was happy ; having just restored fiscal balance after the oil-price shocks of the 1970 's , it was spared the need to run Keynesian-type deficits to deal with the post-1985 endaka fukyo .
As the examples of the recent Korean and Thai financial crises show , what is needed is political will that is equal to the task .
The great Eurasian civilizations were all dependent on agriculture and needed to create institutional means of tying labor , which was then scarce , to the land , which was abundant .
As a result , cities in those countries were flattened and people killed not only by the Nazis , but also by their Soviet ally , which invaded Poland and supplied the Wehrmacht with the material it needed for its war against the West .
These eye-popping statistics have sparked a widespread , sometimes rancorous debate about whether people are taking far more medication than is needed for problems that may not even be mental disorders .
Not only is the region important for meeting China 's growing energy needs , but the Chinese authorities also are concerned about separatist pressures among the Uighur population in Xinjiang province and the impact of ties with Uighurs in neighboring Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
America , India , Europe , and Japan will face increasing tension between their short-term military needs in the region and their long-term goal of promoting political reform in order to create more stable and reliable partners .
The government will need to explain to a skeptical Polish population and parliament why the deployment is in Poland 's national interest -- not just America 's interest -- and how it enhances Polish security .
The gas agreement , moreover , undermines Ukraine 's incentive to reform its inefficient and corrupt energy sector , and commits the country to buy more gas in subsequent years than it may need .
Because their currency pegs were adjustable -- and thus revocable -- the soaring interest rates and sustained market intervention needed to defend them merely fueled expectations of devaluation , which became self-fulfilling with a stampede on domestic bank deposits .
Bolivia needs leaders who can move the country beyond social wars that translate into stagnation .
To move forward , both sides need to be realistic about Bolivia 's past .
Radical new thinking is needed in fisheries management to overcome the ecological and evolutionary problems generated by current practice .
A recent series on neonatal issues in the British science journal Lancet estimated that between 41 % and 72 % of neonatal deaths could be prevented if simple interventions were provided effectively where they are needed most .
In other words , up to three million babies needlessly die each year .
Well known , low-cost , and low-tech interventions do not reach those most in need -- for example immunization against tetanus , exclusive breastfeeding , simple care for low-weight babies , and antibiotics for infection .
But the world needs to act now to generate the political will and financial resources needed to save the lives of up to three million babies who die each year simply because they are born without the basic care that is their right .
The so-called `` Sputnik shock '' convinced America and the West of the need for radical reform of science education , particularly recruitment , training , and retention of teachers .
Teachers need time to talk together .
But to restore the vitality of science , we need to look at the entire educational system : teachers from pre-school through high school , state and national standards , productive and educationally reinforcing assessments , teaching materials and educational technology , and progress in the neurosciences , cognitive psychology , developmental biology , and nutrition .
Additional changes to global governance will also be needed .
Advocates of a more open policy argue that populations are aging and workforces are diminishing , so greater immigration is needed to sustain high living standards .
But what is needed is a deeper and more global perspective than either side allows .
Thirty percent of its population of 230 million is below age 15 , so Indonesia 's economy needs to grow at 8 % simply to absorb the new workers .
· The volume of foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- in developing countries needs to be greatly increased and more evenly spread .
What is needed is someone of impeccable integrity and the capacity to inspire -- and especially to engage Europe 's young people .
Robinson or Lagarde could be the inspiring leaders that the EU needs to make this dream a reality .
At the very least , France and Germany are demanding that the Bush administration openly admit to its failure and the need for help .
The passing of authority in Iraq from the US-led coalition to an Iraqi government and the need for a much stronger UN role now offers the chance and imposes the need for everyone to stop posturing and get serious .
For their part , EU governments should provide the UN - on whose involvement in Iraq they have long insisted - with the protective force it needs to prepare nation-wide elections in Iraq later in the year , and ask others to join .
Hostility to GMOs is symbolic of broader opposition to the encroachment of market forces that are perceived to be creating a world in which money rules with nary a consideration for historical traditions , cultural identities , and social needs .
Europeans need to recognize that strength lies in unity , and that Europe 's integration can not be guaranteed without a common constitutional framework that promotes a common identity .
On the one hand , he needs to maximize his control of the economy and society in order to raise wages and pensions and to keep opponents down , while nourishing the long-tail of patronage that keeps him in power .
On the other hand , Moscow 's elite -- who fear that their assets may be expropriated by a future government -- wants to avoid international pariah status so that they can see out their sun-set years in the safety of the West if the need arises .
While EU leaders believe that peace and stability is built through interdependence , Russia 's leaders are intent on creating a situation in which the EU needs Russia more than Russia needs the EU , particularly in the energy sector .
The EU urgently needs a new approach .
To identify , prevent , and counteract the causes and consequences of work-related stress , we need to monitor job content , working conditions , terms of employment , social relations at work , health , well-being and productivity .
They need therefore to be evaluated in terms of exposures and reactions to stress , the incidence and prevalence of ill health , and the quality and quantity of goods or services .
Can multinational companies bring similar benefits to other needy regions , such as sub-Saharan Africa , where a legacy of colonialism , apartheid , and economic mismanagement create a fundamentally different business environment ?
But sub-Saharan Africa 's potential relationship with global corporations need not be so limited .
Development groups , governments , consumers , and small entrepreneurs need only work out initiatives that embody their common interests with global firms .
Europe 's Military Injustice LONDON -- The cost of sending troops and military hardware around the world to provide security when and where it is needed is causing major financial headaches across Europe .
They must recognize the need to create a sounder financial system for alliance operations .
Wen Jiabao wrote recently in Sichuan that `` more hardship will arouse the country , '' evidently believing that the Chinese may still need to suffer further in order to realize political progress .
Clearer rules for the consultation mechanism need to be elaborated , and arms-exporting EU member states should consult all other member governments that might have concerns , not only those that have previously issued or denied an export license .
To pursue its comparative advantage and prosper in a globalized world , a country needs a price system that reflects the relative abundance of its factor endowments .
In today 's competitive global marketplace , countries need to upgrade and diversify their industries continuously according to their changing endowments .
Ultimately , in today 's complex and interlinked world , even the most competitive economies need a helping hand as they climb the global ladder .
What is needed is a multifaceted approach that combines a sense of history with careful analysis of current forces such as the shift in the balance of global growth toward the emerging world .
As dynamic emerging economies evolve to take their place at the helm of the world economy , a rethink of the conventional approach to global economic governance is needed .
Reducing this tension over ownership of firms and assets is imperative , because the entry and expansion of small private companies will be increasingly important when China 's domestic markets and domestic innovation need to play a greater role .
China also needs to shift from its highly `` extensive '' -LRB- resource consuming -RRB- growth strategy to a more `` intensive '' development path .
Russia needs America and the West in order to realize its ambitious initiative to establish international centers of uranium enrichment , and it needs Western markets , which are the largest consumers of Russia 's gas and oil .
It damages the trust needed for stronger trade relations .
We need to use them .
If more physicians had routine access to these kits , they could tell on the spot whether a patient had influenza and eliminate the need to treat him or her as a possible SARS patient .
The first response can be described as realist : no matter who governs in America , concrete results need to be achieved .
While China 's rulers may fear losing control , they also need to recognize that the current system is causing intense discontent .
But , to optimize efficiency , utilities need to be rewarded for what they help consumers save .
All that is needed are the right financial incentives to induce utility companies to produce less electricity -LRB- and still be more profitable -RRB- and consumers to reduce their use -LRB- and gain savings without sacrificing comfort -RRB- .
We need to ask ourselves if this should be our first priority .
Of course , in the best of all worlds , we would not need to choose our priorities .
We need to stop our obsession with global warming and start dealing with more pressing and tractable problems first .
The World Bank recommends decentralizing school administration and decision-making so that schools are more responsive to local needs .
The biggest challenge is that people do not always get the healthcare they need .
In other cases , people do n't realize they need care , or do n't follow a doctor 's directions when they do .
Similarly , mistaken beliefs are often a problem : for example , diabetes is referred to colloquially as `` sugar , '' and diabetics can erroneously believe that curbing sugar intake is the only thing they need to do .
Others simply do without needed care .
We all need to hear both sides of the story .
So policymakers need to provide them with an incentive not to .
A lot more research needs to be done to establish the true costs and benefits of protecting forest ecosystems and biodiversity .
Paving the Road to Growth The extreme poor in Latin America 's rural communities live five kilometers or more on average from the nearest paved road -- almost twice as far as non-poor rural households , resulting in difficult and very costly access to markets and needed services .
On average , countries in Latin America and the Caribbean spend less than 2 % of their GDP on infrastructure , while 3 % to 6 % is needed to sustain rapid growth and keep pace with countries like China or Korea .
The third solution we recommend is very cheap , and has the most benefits related to costs : Latin American countries need to make it cheaper and easier to move goods across national borders . This means change both at borders and within countries .
Merchandise need n't pass through the capital , as it does in most Latin American and Caribbean countries , with the associated cost increases .
Above all , local companies need to be supported when they make moves to become more efficient , innovative , and competitive .
The real challenge is to establish how Latin America can generate the political consensus needed to adopt the best policies to remove its infrastructure logjams .
That needs to change .
Poverty rates in the region have fallen slightly in the last two decades , but to reduce the drastic levels of inequality , there needs to be a serious commitment to policies that encourage the poor to acquire the means to escape poverty in the future .
If our goal is to fight malnutrition , policies like getting nutrients to those who need them are 5,000 times more effective at saving lives than spending billions of dollars cutting carbon emissions .
But not talking about priorities does not make the need to prioritize go away .
We need to ask if we can do more for the world by investing differently .
These are not space-age technologies , but staple goods that the world needs .
Increases in civil service salaries are not a sufficient policy response ; structural reforms also are needed .
So we need to start talking about the options -- raising the retirement age , increasing immigration from developing nations , and reforming labor markets .
We could combat the problem relatively cheaply and efficiently by getting improved cooking devices -LRB- such as cookers with a flue -RRB- and clean fuel to those who need them , and by encouraging fuel drying , stove and chimney maintenance , and the use of pot lids to conserve heat .
It would let each country focus on its own vision of future energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , conservation , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
So we need to reduce by roughly ten-fold the cost of cutting emissions .
Of course , in the best of all worlds , we would not need to prioritize .
This does not mean losing sight of the need to tackle climate change .
It would let each country focus on its own future vision of energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
We urgently need balance if we are to make sensible choices .
Many green pundits have , however , started saying that the financial crisis only makes the need for action on climate change greater .
If they were , we would n't need to subsidize them .
We need to make emission cuts much cheaper so that countries like China and India can afford to help the environment .
This means that we need to invest much more in research and development aimed at developing low-carbon energy .
Yet , at the same time , the Chinese and Indian challenge could be the impetus we need to change direction , end our obsession with reducing emissions , and focus instead on research and development , which would be smarter and cheaper -- and would actually make a difference .
We need to accept that much of the world 's cheap coal will be burned -- but we should focus on capturing the CO2 .
But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can .
Now , the discussion needs to shift from the academic sphere to political life .
An army of pundits tells us that we need to cut emissions , and cut them immediately and drastically .
He argues that we need `` more people chaining themselves to coal plants , '' a point repeated by Gore .
Now we need to turn to climate economists to enlighten us about the benefits , costs , and possible outcomes from different responses to this challenge .
Marine cloud whitening would not lead to permanent atmospheric changes , and could be used only when needed .
If we are actually serious about grand promises to keep global temperature rises below 2ºC , we obviously need to find ways of making this cheaper .
To arrive at an informed answer , we need to work out how the planet will look in 2100 if we invest different amounts in adaptation and carbon cuts .
We need to take into account the increase in emissions that adaptation will cause .
Here , more needs to be done , above and beyond the adaptation that will happen naturally .
We need many , many times more non-carbon-based energy than is currently produced .
Yet the needed technology will not be ready in terms of scalability or stability .
In many cases , there is still a need for the most basic research and development .
Policymakers should abandon fraught carbon-reduction negotiations , and instead make agreements to invest in research and development to get this technology to the level where it needs to be .
The Climate Change Debate 's Willpower Fallacy COPENHAGEN -- There is a dangerous misperception that willpower and political agreement are the only missing ingredients needed to combat global warming .
Together , wind and solar energy supply a tiny fraction -- less than 0.6 % -- of the world 's entire energy needs .
First , direct-current lines need to be constructed to carry solar and wind energy from the areas of highest sunshine and wind speeds to the areas where most people live .
Second , storage needs to be invented so that when the sun does n't shine , and the wind does n't blow , the world still gets power .
As the Copenhagen Consensus , as well as the World Bank recently advocated , R&D investments on the order of $ 100 billion a year will be needed if wind and other alternative technologies are to become truly viable .
With such a poor track record , there is a need for soul-searching and openness to other approaches .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
If politicians change course and agree this December to invest significantly more in research and development , we would have a much greater chance of getting this technology to the level where it needs to be .
If we want real action , we need to pick smarter solutions that will cost less and do more .
He has more immediate concerns : `` The first thing I need is food , and then a job . ''
Conditions are cramped and unhygienic . `` We need everything , '' Desi says .
But we need to pay as much attention to the people living in the mountain 's shadow .
As the report notes , `` the all-inclusive ` Kyoto ' type of climate policy ... needs to be broken up into separate issues again , each addressed on its merits and each in its own ways . ''
At the same time , the group adds , we must recognize that we wo n't make any real progress in cutting CO2 emissions until we can provide developing economies with affordable alternatives to the fossil fuels on which they currently depend . `` In short , '' the report notes , `` we need to ignite ... an energy technology revolution . ''
The Hartwell group argues that mass improvements are needed across many technologies , requiring the determined participation of governments .
Like it or not , global warming is real , it is man-made , and we need to do something about it .
You would have distilled from these agonized noises that the report concluded that global warming is worse than we had imagined , and that we need to take swift and strong action right now .
One of England 's foremost climatologists , Mike Hulme , director of the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research , points out that green militancy and megaphone journalism use `` catastrophe and chaos as unguided weapons with which forlornly to threaten society into behavioral change . '' In his words , `` we need to take a deep breath and pause . ''
The `` bad bank '' that was established for this purpose , Securum , needed an enormous injection of capital from the owner , the Swedish government .
Once Europe 's own banks became infected , euroskeptic British leadership was needed to overcome French and German dithering .
The weak and diluted EU Takeover Directive , adopted after more than a decade of debate , fails to facilitate the cross-border mergers within Europe that are needed to build world champions .
Europe needs to curb subsidies for old and dying industries , and to invest the money saved in future-oriented sectors .
The last thing Europe needs is to reinforce unnecessary centralization .
Nor do we need cosmetic efforts to pursue EU-wide policies to combat the current crisis , when it is obvious that we have failed to act together .
Consolidation is giving way to friction , with more energy needed to overcome the EU 's internal problems .
The global economic crisis has aggravated this ambiguity , while also markedly reducing the flow of resources that these needy countries receive .
The obstacles hindering its success included Russia 's inability or refusal to transform itself in line with the European model , as well as Europe 's lack of the ambition and imagination needed to launch a new project for the genuine unification of the whole of Europe .
Street-fighting will need to be done by those targeted by air bombardment : Saddam 's elite troops .
Khaled Mashal , Hamas 's overall leader , who lives under Syrian protection in Damascus , traveled to Tehran , where he received some $ 50 million in badly needed cash .
Hezbollah is under order by the UN Security Council to disarm and disband its militia , but it claimed that even after Israel 's full withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 , it needed its weapons to continue to liberate `` Lebanese territory . '' That refers to a tiny fragment of land , the so-called Sheba farms , declared by UN inspectors to be in Israel , but which Hezbollah claims as part of Lebanon .
But the possibility of attack was of course anticipated , and military planners determined that the only possible response was to counterattack as heavily and for as long as might be needed , until Palestinian attacks would stop , whether from exhaustion or agreement .
Hamas 's control of the Palestinian Authority does not diminish or increase the need for Israeli military action , but it does increase its political benefits , because the fighting and destruction tells Gaza 's population that their rulers are endangering their physical survival .
The only open question in both places is how much damage Israel will need to inflict to obtain new cease-fires .
Liberty today needs the same type of stalwart defense .
China 's economy needs world markets as much as world markets need China , if not more .
I have also seen the need for ordinary Africans to embrace a set of values , like service for the common good , and commitment , persistence , and patience until a goal is realized .
We also need Africans who love Africa so much that they want to protect their countries -- their land -- from environmentally destructive processes .
Without skills , people find themselves locked out of productive , rewarding economic activities , leaving them unable to meet their needs for housing , healthcare and nutrition .
Africa needs to prepare for the opportunities and challenges to come by deliberately working for peace and security .
In Africa , we need to manage our resources sustainably , accountably , and responsibly .
Since then , Microsoft has confirmed that its staff removed the blog from an MSN Internet server , citing the need to respect Chinese law when doing business in China .
It took more than a year for Europe to do what everyone knew needed to be done to contain the Greek crisis , and it still may not be enough . For the approved measures do not provide the transparent and long-term commitment to restoring Greek finances that markets want to see .
To the extent that European issues ca n't still be fully governed by European politics , national politics need to be made more European .
We can feel victimized and criticize the oppressors , but to stop them we need to look at ourselves .
So what do we need to do ?
And so , as Muslims were intellectually regressing , Europeans began their renaissance , developing improved ways of meeting their needs , including the manufacture of weapons that eventually allowed them to dominate the world .
Second , the electorate grasped the importance of re-electing a modest but wise and determined leader who understood the direction India needed to take . Singh will open up India 's economy even more than he has so far .
Hence , the West need not bear any responsibility for the outcome .
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
No one needs diplomatic immunity to talk to their friends .
They need it to talk to their adversaries .
Climate Change : Asia needs to build up innovative markets that enable technology transfer .
Financial Regulation : Asian countries need to take more leadership in regulating financial markets .
Moreover , if Japan needs allies to balance the rise of China , it could easily turn not only to the US , but also to Russia and India .
Fewer still have addressed the need for vertical coordination between national and city governments .
But such innovation does not always begin at home , which is why city governments need to know about potentially applicable ideas and lessons from other cities and countries .
There is also an urgent need to address the fact that public health and medical education in emerging markets is rarely integrated .
According to Finance Minister Aleksei Kudrin , huge amounts of money are needed to resolve the Chechen problem .
What Russia needs is a political response to terror that takes into account its international dimension .
Russia 's security forces need to learn to be pro-active , because the terrorists consistently seek to perfect their deadly methods .
If , during this dialogue , a consensus is reached on the need to elect a new president , so much the better .
This can only be reversed by violence , which is unlikely , so strong is the consensus that Lebanon needs a new president , and so ingrained is the rejection of force by all Lebanese .
That is why I offer a program that addresses such key issues as the effective representation of women in government , the need to urgently address environmental problems , to strengthen rule of law , transparency , and accountability , and to move toward universal suffrage in the election of top executive positions .
The international consensus about the urgent need to pacify and rebuild Liberia - with UN leadership guided by a united Security Council - is in line with global responses to peace accords in many other national and regional conflicts , from East Timor , Cambodia , and Mozambique to Liberia 's neighbors Sierra Leone and Cote d'Ivoire .
But despite global agreement on the need to seize these moments , we too often find ourselves scrambling after the fact , in ad hoc fashion , to convene willing donors and organize teams of experts and logisticians to deliver urgently needed aid .
Before the next Liberia comes along , we the world needs to find a way to provide resources for peacemaking much , much sooner .
More is needed than a handful of combatants reintegrated , a school or two re-built , and an under-funded young government lauded abroad but unable to deliver jobs or law and order to its war-scarred people at home .
Liberia and Iraq both demonstrate the need for this kind of freestanding capacity , as 21st century geopolitics is likely to continue to be more preoccupied with nation-building intervention in the aftermath of conflict than with wars between states .
Until that money is available , the UN and its many multilateral partners will remain collectively unprepared to aid these post-conflict societies at their moment of greatest political opportunity and economic need .
Before long , the colonies were exporting wood to the many nations that no longer had the timber they needed for ships , casks , shingles , and other construction materials .
To keep the peace in both regions , a continuing US military presence of some kind will be needed .
Two of them offset each other , but the third threatens what America needs most in the coming years : economic growth .
This is too small a pool of money from which to achieve deficit reduction on the scale that the US will need in the years ahead .
Yet the need for something drastically different and higher than the framed daily routine of an engineer and a citizen of the socialist paradise did not diminish .
Everywhere , people face the contradiction between centrifugal , cosmopolitan modernity and the centripetal need -LRB- or at least nostalgia -RRB- for belonging .
`` To enjoy this city you need a good apartment and a certain salary . ''
I needed that hope , for what I saw in Eastern Europe had depressed me as much as what I was seeing in the United States , my adopted homeland .
Of course , art and culture can offer a respite from the oversimplifications of our age -- a respite that we need more than ever if we are to reckon with the destiny behind and before us .
But we also need modesty about ourselves and our societies .
Nonetheless , India does need new laws -- direct and enforceable -- that clamp down on the cultural practices that underpin destructive traditions .
If more persuasion was needed , we could offer rewards for cooperation - anything from cigarettes to political asylum .
Unmanaged climate change would so transform the planet that by the end of this century hundreds of millions of people would need to move , probably leading to severe and extended conflict .
The Group 's report showed that a modest price on emissions , in the range of $ 20-25 per ton of carbon dioxide , would push incentives in the right direction , raise substantial public revenue , and foster private investment crucial to the new industrial revolution needed to make the low-carbon economy a reality .
As the 9-11 terrorist attacks on the US brutally reminded us , a lethal threat need not come from equivalent military hardware .
The events in France also point to the need , at the European level , to reinforce policies against discrimination and that promote social equality .
We believe that a concerted effort to reform football -LRB- soccer -RRB- refereeing is urgently needed .
Second , we need to make use of the perfectly functioning electronic chip already inside the ball to settle decisively whether a ball has crossed the field 's boundaries or its all-important goal lines .
Lastly , the culture of secrecy and non-accountability that permeates soccer 's major governing bodies such as FIFA , UEFA and the various country federations needs to be changed .
They must not be permitted to decide games of utmost importance in an arbitrary manner that need never be explained to anyone .
Patient depositors no longer need to worry about others withdrawing their funds because it has no effect on them .
Given that the elections to the Constituent Assembly needed to ensure their representation , a complex system of quotas was devised .
The EU Commission 's insistence on the need to target `` competitiveness '' means that it is proposing a supply-side solution for a demand-side problem .
Fortunately , a growing arsenal of solutions is available through local innovations that are increasingly well adapted to Africa 's unique needs .
New data sources about relative impacts are becoming available , and are desperately needed .
Japan 's political system requires the same sort of structural reform that its economy has long needed .
The maverick Koizumi had the personal attractiveness and ideological appeal needed to galvanize a majority behind his plans for a `` fair '' distribution of the pain of reform .
The LDP 's need for three different prime ministers in the space of little more than a year made plain that the party 's power nucleus had melted down .
Instead , Hatoyama has simply stressed Japan 's need to be on an equal footing in alliance management with the US .
Nor does it hold the two-thirds majority in the lower house needed to override upper-house resolutions .
Because the DPJ has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes , his government will be unable to pass budget and\/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year , March 31 , 2011 .
Second , we could opt to expose our information to a form of digital `` rusting , '' so that it slowly erodes -LRB- and we would need to take proactive steps should we ever wish to recover some of it -RRB- .
Yet it is not just how information is stored and retrieved that needs to change , but how we think about information as well .
As the number of products using nanotechnology continues to grow , we need new scientific information on the risks that they might present .
Experts in government , industry , academia , and elsewhere agree that a long list of questions needs to be addressed if we are to develop nanotechnology as safely as possible .
They will be answered only by matching research efforts and funding levels to the information needed to steer toward a safe future for nanotechnology applications .
We must wake up to the need for future nanotechnology applications to be based on a sound understanding of the possible impact .
Speedy action is needed to restore the sense of dignity of Coastal and Muslim Kenyans before Kenyan Islam is radicalized into a Black Intifada .
Even speedier action is needed to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , both for its own sake , and because its repercussions destabilize other parts of the world .
Of course , Africa needs unity .
So unity is needed to rebuild Africa .
An entirely new financial culture needs to be implemented to eliminate corruption , and this will require that Africans monitor other Africans .
Here the international community will have to help , for just as Southeast Asia 's economies needed some protection for their infant industries , so Africa 's may also need a brief respite from the whip of the global market during the first stage of building the AU .
A program for African renewal along the lines outlined above offers the best hope for creating stability , new jobs , and establishing democracy in a continent that desperately needs all three .
France has a veto within the boards of directors of the Franc Zone 's two central banks , while two French commercial banks , BNP-Paribas and Société Générale , exercise a quasi-monopoly on lending programs , mainly centered on short-term trade financing and the needs of governments , public and private companies , and the elite .
There is thus a real need in the Franc Zone for a financing institution that would convert migrant remittances into productive investments , thereby generating jobs and wealth , and that would broaden access to banking services , mortgages , insurance products , pension plans , and technical assistance .
Finally , Baker was appealing to America 's traditional allies in Europe and the Middle East , who need American friendship in many areas .
Still , despite all these costly measures paid for by Africans , all the post-evaluation reports on completed projects indicated that the overwhelming majority of projects were unable to generate the revenues needed to service the debts that financed them .
African intellectuals , artists , and civil rights activists did not feel the need to express solidarity with fellow Africans and to defend the rights of the downtrodden .
Capital flight provides creditors with the resources they need to finance additional loans to the countries from which these resources originated in the first place - a scheme known as `` round-tipping '' or `` back-to-back '' loans .
As for sub-Saharan Africa , the `` Washington Consensus '' - economic liberalization , deregulation of capital movements , suppression of subsidies , and privatization - runs against the very policies needed to promote political improvements , a stable macroeconomic environment , enlarged financial markets , and lower debt overhang .
Common sense points to the need for the OECD countries , the IMF , and the World Bank to sever their dubious complicity with sub-Saharan African leaders and support policies that are in the long-term interest of the West and the world .
It need not be this way .
But the last thing Africa needs is to be a battleground in an economic and political war .
The African Union needs thorough rethinking .
But a sector-by-sector approach could mitigate these handicaps , and , given the pressing need to address demand for energy and climate change , it might be strategically advisable to start with the energy sector .
Harnessing the hydroelectric power of the Congo Basin alone would be enough to meet all of Africa 's energy needs , or to light the entire continent of South America . Moreover , establishing an African grid would enable power from the Democratic Republic of Congo to be delivered to southern European countries such as Spain , Portugal , and Italy .
As long ago as 1975 , Gafaar al-Nimeiry , Sudan 's military head of state , stated with great prescience what Sudan and Africa needed to do to achieve peace and stability . `` Unity based on diversity has become the essence and the raison d'être of the political and national entity of many an emerging African country today .
As Chavalit Yongchaiyudh understands , the southern Thai conflict is a political problem in need of a political solution -- just like Afghanistan and other more familiar wars .
In order to maintain strong economic growth in America , we need a strong , growing Asia , just as Asia 's success depends on a thriving US .
Lending large sums before assessing root causes and determining appropriate policy responses can undermine the IFIs ' credibility and reduce the capital available to assist other countries in need .
When resources are needed , however , the IFIs are a logical place to turn , and they must show flexibility and adaptability to help their member countries .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
A modern single market should reflect modern needs , and we should concentrate our efforts where they can have most effect .
To cope with rapid change , we need to be flexible when it comes to regulation .
We need to accept that not everything can be run from the center , which means more trust and more partnership , but also more willingness to shoulder responsibility further down the line .
Rather than restoring the trust and confidence in capital markets needed for recovery , those European Union members and banking federations that submitted `` wrecking amendments '' to the due diligence and securitization proposals are reinforcing the suspicion that is now embedded within them .
We need healthy financial markets , without which we will not recover .
We need to ensure transparency and adequate risk management , measures on which are part of my proposal on capital requirements .
We need adequate oversight and crisis management , which is why I am submitting a paper on early intervention and look forward to the analysis of the High Level Group of experts working under Jacques de Larosière , which is due imminently .
Finally , we need international cooperation in bad and good times alike .
We need reform of the international financial institutions and adequate monitoring and surveillance mechanisms .
Much tougher capital requirements for trading-book exposures are therefore needed and will be brought forward as soon as possible .
I am convinced that we need an overall cap on leverage on banks ' balance sheets , regardless of risk asset weightings or value at risk measurements .
The fact that equity-to-asset ratios are currently averaging out at about 3 % tells you everything that you need to know about the inadequacy of the current pro-cyclical capital requirement framework .
In the current climate , it is impossible to measure the valuation of many financial assets to an accuracy of 3 % , and the excessive leverage that has been a feature of many banks ' balance sheets through this crisis needs to be put right -- and kept right for the future .
We need to strike a balance between regulation to correct the failings that we have witnessed and the need to preserve dynamic and innovative banks and markets .
What we do not need are forests of reports going to supervisors who appear to devote ample resources to ensuring they arrive on time but fewer on interpreting their content and drawing the relevant conclusions .
Von Braun predicted that the US would need to launch 364 space shuttles in less than one year to prepare for the first lunar voyage .
Von Braun endorsed an automated telescope in space , but thought that astronauts would need to visit the instrument to change the film .
Sensors that convert light waves into electronic signals eliminated the need for film on space telescopes , while computer chip technology -LRB- integrated circuits -RRB- allowed communication satellites to be operated without periodic human repair .
No military force has yet perceived the need to station soldiers on its various reconnaissance , communication , or navigation satellites .
This suggests that physiological processes underlying depression - the ones that may also lead to structural changes in the brain - are not being completely arrested , and thus that a new generation of anti-depressant medications is urgently needed .
The financial press and many influential economists argue that a major depreciation of the dollar is needed to correct America 's external deficit .
To reduce the risks of unwieldiness , the ECB needs to reform its Governing Council now .
To find out , an identical analysis of its policy deliberations would be needed , but the absence of recorded and published votes makes this impossible .
In the long run , the anti-depressant crisis thus may prove to be a blessing in disguise , but only if it brings about the transparency and intellectual honesty needed to make the medical profession ultimately accountable to the people it claims to serve .
The Russian federation remains a collection of multinational states in need of some unifying idea of statehood and nationality to keep them together .
The US needs to change its economic-policy course .
The EU urgently needs to democratize its procedures and reorganize its institutions to ensure that this year 's enlargement does not lead to bureaucratic deadlock .
If a political compromise is needed , `` competition '' should be removed as a fundamental Union objective .
The proceeds of the tax could be used in part to fund the much needed expansion of France 's underdeveloped public job placement services .
By that time , we had already become aware that interests in organ commerce were constantly intensifying , and that those in need of organs or money were increasingly likely to turn to the black market or seek a legal loophole that would allow them to conceal the commercial transaction behind some legitimate gesture .
This material incentive is in clear breach of the principle that organs should be distributed according to need only .
Of the half-dozen candidates to become `` Europe 's President , '' only Tony Blair needs no introduction anywhere .
Indeed , Europe has much to offer the Arab world as it emerges from its political and economic stagnation , but it needs to do so loudly and clearly under the banner of EU leadership .
It would have been a good idea , for example , to send EEAS observers to selected countries to assess their political mood and economic needs .
Emphasizing China 's meteoric rise means less understanding in the rest of the world of the need to sustain rapid economic development in order to satisfy the expectations of its 1.3 billion inhabitants .
There are now no EU countries where Euroskeptics are in the majority , and the widespread impression that citizens in Western and Eastern Europe alike are turning their backs on the EU is wrong . The reality is that even though voters may find the EU remote , most appreciate the need for Europe to unite in a world where China , India , and other fast-developing countries are set to challenge it .
This reflects not only worries about energy and shared security concerns , but also the need to head off any looming crisis in the Middle East that could plunge large parts of the world into turmoil , if not armed conflict .
For its part , Europe needs to mount a charm offensive to persuade Putin and Medvedev that Russia 's real interest is in improving bilateral relations .
Russia needs to collaborate on energy in ways that bring genuine security .
In the Middle East , it needs to persuade Iran to hold in check the military elements of the nuclear program that Russia has made possible .
What 's needed is a more positive frame of mind , and specific ideas about what to do .
The other four posts will probably be decided as part of a package deal , owing to the need to achieve some sort of balance .
Europe badly needs immigrants , yet is not culturally prepared to welcome them . The coming decades will therefore see substantially greater social change in Europe than elsewhere , although the nature of that change is far from clear .
But it is just one aspect of Europe 's urgent need to import people from Africa and Asia .
This is not , needless to say , because Europeans crave the rigors of America 's less cosseted social conditions , but because it 's the only way that European governments will be able to stay afloat financially .
Economic stagnation on this scale has alarming implications , because it means less and less tax revenues to fund all the reform projects and infrastructural investments Europe badly needs to regain its productivity and high-tech competitive edge .
Barroso needs to respond to all these doubts .
If he is to reassure EU national leaders that they should re-appoint him , then he needs to signal that his second term can hold out fresh promise .
Some sort of plan is needed .
Back then , he did not need one to be appointed . This time , he must produce one if he is to save his skin .
The crisis has also underscored a longer-term need for a more concerted EU approach to industrial policy .
Most importantly , the political determination needed to begin long overdue social-welfare and labor-market reforms is weak in both countries .
Instead of forging a `` third way '' for Europe 's left with British Prime Minister Tony Blair , Chancellor Gerhard Schröder needs Blair to plead his case with President George W. Bush , who feels personally betrayed by the Chancellor 's conduct in the run-up to the war .
In postcommunist Eastern Europe , Germany is no longer perceived as an absolutely dependable advocate of the region 's needs .
American and European leaders are talking about the need to promote reform in the `` Greater Middle East . ''
In practical terms , the West must increase its direct support for local NGOs and campaigners -LRB- although in countries like Egypt it will first need to get the Government to change the law so that they can receive foreign funding -RRB- .
Second , the US and its European allies need to help create the external security environment and regional context in which democratic change can occur .
Meanwhile , NATO can provide the peacekeeping capabilities needed to help rebuild Afghanistan and Iraq .
America needs to create a Department of Democracy Promotion headed by a Cabinet-level official .
He needs to be .
This leadership will be needed , because , regardless of who wins the US presidential election , the next American administration is bound to ask for greater EU participation in addressing international conflicts .
First , a credible policy agenda needs firm targets with clear deadlines .
Second , targets need to be not only specific , but also binding . Sanctions for non-compliance must be enforced -- without political meddling .
Sun Tzu , the great Chinese philosopher of war , once wrote , `` If you know the enemy and know yourself , you need not fear the result of a hundred battles . ''
At a time when deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan are straining the defense budget and much of the military 's existing equipment needs repair or replacement , questions arise as to whether such programs are a good investment .
By taking an essentially passive position , this approach might merely prolong the Age of Terrorism needlessly .
Because China has been competing with India for access to Burma 's natural resources , India also needs to be actively included in efforts to pressure the Burmese regime , a process that the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- might effectively coordinate .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
If the world is going to shift in the direction of a new and more globally democratic system , other nations will need to meaningfully step forward to assume new responsibilities .
Unlike Europe , which largely put its historical ghosts to bed after 1945 , Asian countries remain mired in nineteenth-century-style nationalisms that weakens collaboration and makes the region more dangerous than it needs to be .
The best way to help make Afghanistan 's government more accountable to its people over the long term is by working to strengthen Afghan democracy , but this level of accountability is still far off -- and Afghanistan desperately needs better governance now .
These industries have learned that by focusing the debate on uncertainties in the science -LRB- and the need for more research -RRB- , it is possible to avoid a debate on public policy .
At this crucial moment , we call on Europe to open itself toward Ukraine , a great European country whose needs and aspirations can not be forgotten in the process of constructing the new Europe .
To complete the process of democratic transformation , Ukraine needs a declaration by Europe affirming Ukraine 's European and Euro-Atlantic prospects .
The example of Poland and that of the other countries of Central Europe shows that the clear prospect of EU membership may be one of the engines of effective reforms and may significantly enhance the ability of local leaders to persuade their people to accept the need for reforms that are sometimes painful .
But this should not make us lose sight of other challenges . One of the most important is the fate of Ukraine , and the need to strengthen liberty and democracy there .
This is why international action to address both global poverty and global inequality is needed .
But it should have been disbursed directly in cash to the most needy Russians : pensioners whose earnings plummeted due to inflation and economic contraction .
As usual , the people who suffer are those who most need the world 's attention .
The needs are basic : promoting breastfeeding , food supplies for young children , and medical attention for mothers .
But not all those who need help are coming to get it , so Save the Children funds outreach workers to encourage families to use the services .
But Gaza 's people and their needs remain in what British Prime Minister David Cameron last year called an `` open prison . ''
Surely there is room across divides of party and nation to address these pressing humanitarian needs , which otherwise would only fuel future political trouble .
What they need is a chance to shape their own futures .
Secretary-General Annan has proven once again -LRB- as though we needed further evidence -RRB- that talk is cheap .
Examples include a five-year-long moratorium on approvals of GM plants throughout Europe , and the rejection of badly needed food aid by several African countries -- only because it contains the same GM varieties of grain consumed routinely in North America .
This regulatory regime will deny to less-developed countries precisely the kind of technology that they need .
Countless people will needlessly suffer and die as a result of the arbitrary , unscientific restrictions now imposed on our ability to help them to help themselves .
It saved countless lives and reduced the need for costly -LRB- and often unavailable -RRB- hospital stays and intravenous rehydration .
'' -LRB- M -RRB- ost lack the funds , equipment , and qualified personnel needed to provide basic care for cancer patients .
The bottom line is that in a world of limited health-care resources , we need to make hard decisions that will deliver high-impact outcomes for the most people at the least cost .
The results need to be confirmed and complemented with further analyses . ''
To be sure , good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of H5N1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected , so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures , including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain .
That innovation is `` Golden Rice , '' a collection of new rice varieties that is bio-fortified , or enriched , by genes that express beta-carotene , the precursor of vitamin A , which is converted in the body , as needed , to the active form .
This is good news , but what is really needed is a multi-faceted , aggressive reform of the regulatory process so that all new genetic constructions will have a chance to succeed .
Achieving this goal could offer scientists unprecedented opportunities for innovation , and better enable them to craft bespoke microorganisms and plants that produce pharmaceuticals , clean up toxic wastes , and obtain -LRB- or `` fix '' -RRB- nitrogen from the air -LRB- obviating the need for chemical fertilizers -RRB- .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
Brazil also needs budgetary space to accommodate needed investment in social infrastructure , especially sanitation and basic health-care facilities , in order to reduce the incidence of infectious diseases .
It also needs to fund well-targeted programs to reduce poverty further and ensure universal access to basic education ; to improve secondary education , with a view to improving the technical skills of the labor force ; and to support efficient research and innovation .
So , what fiscal reforms are needed to meet these objectives ?
On the expenditure side , Brazil needs a new round of pension reform -- clearly a priority , given the rapid aging of the population .
Reforms will need to include both increases in the retirement age and changes in benefits , especially the de-linking of the minimum pension from the minimum wage .
In addition , a range of civil-service reforms are needed to improve flexibility and increase productivity , while health and education programs require greater cost effectiveness .
More high-quality trials are needed .
Do multinational companies , international non-governmental organizations , and multilateral lenders really understand local needs ?
For the answer to how to develop an economy , we need look no further than those economies that have developed : begin with a great deal of indigenous initiative , support it with concerted state intervention , and reinforce it with the appropriate importation of external help .
Ghana certainly needs to develop economically , because material wealth is required to improve health , provide education , and sustain democracy .
In reaching across this new frontier , the EU will need the same magnanimity and vision that it showed in bringing the new member states into the fold .
A `` Fortress Europe '' will not offer the incentives they need to truly reform and thus take their place as full partners in the new , expanded Europe .
What is needed is precisely the opposite : an increase in the cost of child quantity .
As a result , the UMNO finds itself squeezed between an Islamic lobby that presses for greater `` Talibanization '' of the country and the rising voices of international critics , who can not be ignored , because the party needs both radical supporters and foreign investors to stay in power .
The global challenges that we face today are proof that we need a world of problem solvers .
We need a world of people who are productive , resilient , creative , and versatile enough with technology and culture to find solutions to the many challenges we face .
It emphasizes the need to invest early , nurturing young children to ensure that they arrive at school healthy and ready to learn ; to invest smartly , transforming schools with good teachers , good materials , and good management ; and to invest for all , laying the foundation for just and equitable societies .
We need well-designed systems of finance , student assessment , professional development and management , quality assurance , and monitoring and evaluation .
We need more robust and transparent relationships between central and local governments , state and private education providers , and households and communities .
And we need stronger links between schools and employers to ensure that graduates acquire skills that are relevant to a changing job market .
In the opinion of Royal 's many opponents among Socialist leaders and militants , the dominance of the media in the political process is leading to mediocrity : the qualities required to be elected are becoming nearly incompatible with those needed to govern .
Europe and Russia no longer see themselves as secondary players , because the US , not to mention Israel , needs them .
For that , they need access to energy , but they are not about to engage in military or even diplomatic adventures .
His votes are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between Left and Right , for he can not commit himself to clearly support one candidate over the other .
Can the right amount of confidence be instilled in countries or groups that badly need it ?
America needs allies , and is not preoccupied by their potential independent strength .
Where will the new troops that are needed come from ?
Those divisions are now history , and American reservations about a European security pillar can not trump America 's pressing needs for allied support .
If a European pillar within NATO is needed to strengthen the Alliance , why not accept it ?
The world needs a more modest and confident America .
You do not need to go to Davos for this , but in the Swiss mountains these ideas acquire an aura of legitimacy -- call it the `` I was told in Davos '' imprimatur -- which explains why political and economic analysts and commentators keep coming back , despite the Forum 's combination of pomposity and intellectual vacuity .
Caught between their desperate need for finance and markets and their need to respond to their citizens ' sentiments , they oscillate between condemnation and reassurance of China , struggling to find a coherent path that defends the West 's principles without damaging its economic interests .
At home for example , the badly needed reform of the army has been accompanied by unnecessary malignity , as if a former interior minister imbued with a `` police culture '' was utterly incapable of understanding the `` army culture '' and its sense of honor .
In the same vein , there is a mismatch in Sarkozy 's approach to Europe between the message and the messenger , between careful diplomacy needed to create a new consensus within the European Commission and with countries like Ireland , and president 's rather authoritarian style .
He wanted to demonstrate to his Western partners that Georgia needed NATO protection from Russia , and that accession was therefore urgent .
The Kremlin did not need such a display of unrestrained force and brutality to prove its case .
If Russia is becoming what revolutionary France was under Napoleon , or reverting to Soviet form -- shorn of a totalitarian ideology but with an appetite for conquest and re-conquest -- what is needed is not the `` league of democracies '' advocated by some conservatives in America .
What is needed , instead , is a `` stability league '' that includes prominent actors like China , India , and other countries that are more interested in economic growth than in `` rocking the boat '' of the international system .
For them , the US is above all the strategic counterweight needed to balance China .
But now I do not need your symbolic votes ; I need your concrete support . I need the further engagement of your troops in Afghanistan ! ''
The EU desperately needs a strategic and diplomatic partner that can significantly reinforce its clout in the Middle East .
Europe also needs the dynamism of a youthful Turkey .
Above all , it needs the message of reconciliation sent to Islam that Turkey 's entrance into the Union would represent .
Europe is being cautious in the name of avoiding debt and defending the euro , whereas the US has moved on many fronts in order not to waste an ideal opportunity to implement badly needed structural reforms .
He gave me approximately the same answer when I referred to the need to change Israel 's electoral system based on proportional representation , which produces weak majorities at best and near-paralysis at worst . `` So what if the system is blocked ; to reform it would not make any difference ! ''
Israel needs allies , because its ultimate security depends on its legitimacy nearly as much as on its deterrence capability .
But what is needed to reduce the deficit of hope that plagues Europe today ?
The Northern industrial world was not yet ready to recognize the new weight of the emerging powers and the need to strike a new balance between North and South , East and West .
Above all , the EU needs political will and direction . Only Germany and France , acting together , can convey to Europe 's citizens and to the world the sense that the EU is at long last waking up to today 's global realities .
What the Balkans needs nowadays are not historians or political scientists , but psychoanalysts who can help them transcend their past for the sake of the present and the future .
But how can China become capable of implementing the `` rule of law '' which it so badly needs , let us not even speak of democracy , if it continues to systematically lie to its people about the recent past ?
Why , Indian officials seemed to wonder , change what works , and at a time when the US needs India more than ever ?
For example , if Pakistan is to dedicate all of its forces to the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban , India must convince the Pakistani Army that it need not fear a stab in the back .
It all looks as if the need to integrate communities within nations , to reconcile them with their past in order to unite them around a common identity and therefore a common project for the future , has replaced Europe 's now-completed mission of reconciling old enemies like Germany and France .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re-legitimate Sarkozy in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next year 's presidential election .
Russia and China today are united not only by their energy deals , but also by both countries ' conviction that their time has come , and that the outside world needs them more than they need the outside world , particularly the US .
The US needs allies now more than ever , for the world is reverting to its pre-war multi-polar state .
These are impressive figures , and the expense is trivial compared to the anti-retroviral drugs needed to treat AIDS , which cost more than $ 200 annually and must be taken every day , not every year .
Syria 's side of the bargain will invariably need to be an end to its support for Hezbollah in Lebanon , for which it will likely seek the return of the Golan Heights .
The IMF forecasts that the Hariri government should be able to tap capital markets to cover its financial needs for 2010 .
The `` emergency post-conflict assistance '' -LRB- under $ 100 million -RRB- provided by the IMF after the 2006 fighting with Israel fell well short of the amount needed to rebuild .
In order to get further assistance , Lebanon urgently needs to strengthen its ties with the US , as well as those that it has been developing within the framework of EU Mediterranean Cooperation .
Given the staggering amount of programming needed to fill the time slots , content monitoring must be implemented with maximum efficiency .
Perhaps realizing that an entertained and distracted populace is less likely to complain about public policy , the Party has allowed entertainment programming to follow the Western model , lessening the need for micro-managed censorship .
The lack of explicit guidelines also keeps content more conservative than it need be , because producers tend to err on the safe side .
Many officials -LRB- and the analysts and advisers who support them -RRB- assumed that this magic number represents the minimum rate needed to provide jobs to workers and managers and absorb the more than six million new graduates who spill out of China 's campuses each year in search of employment .
If restaurants and food manufacturers will not voluntarily eliminate trans fats -LRB- as has largely been done in the Netherlands -RRB- , several points validate the need for , and the importance , of legislative measures to reduce the consumption of trans fats :
Somewhere in the system , accountability for stability and sustainability in terms of asset valuation , leverage , and balance sheets will need to be assigned and taken seriously .
As a result , the world 's international economic institutions will need to be strengthened in terms of governance and resources so that they can act as circuit-breakers in the event of future financial and economic turbulence .
On the contrary , as the possible outcomes become clearer , we will almost certainly face the need for serious and costly reductions in energy use , at least among the advanced countries , as well as costly technological advances designed to make energy use more efficient in both the advanced and developing world .
This needs to be done on a sustained basis following the withdrawal of extraordinary fiscal stimulus .
All of this highlights the need for new benchmarks for performance and compensation that factor in vulnerability to periodic systemic risk , with special attention to debt and liquidity .
Such an achievement would offer the world a needed alternative to the increasingly questionable model of economic globalization .
The West is often afraid that democracy will give Islamists the opening they need to gain control -- a fear that Arab regimes exploit to justify maintaining closed political systems .
These countries ' people need to start gradual , sustained , and serious political reform now .
On numerous occasions , he has argued that his country needs to rethink its traditional strict separation of state and religion , called laïcité .
The president of Germany 's Constitutional Court openly speculates that , if more Europe is needed for technocratic reasons , it might be time for the people to vote on a new constitution .
According to calculations by Morgan Stanley , with relatively low long-term interest rates , Greece needs a primary surplus of at least 2.4 % of GDP each year just to stabilize its national debt at 118 % of GDP .
In other words , capitalism creates a rational awareness of their needs and interests .
The successors to those dictators , however , found this turn of events to be an unwanted complication in their political `` thaws '' ; more sophisticated mechanisms to induce fear among their peoples were needed , and there are few deterrents to dissident activity more potent than the threat of removal to an institution for the criminally insane .
But while the ethical basis of Neo-Confucianism was crucial , the Chinese also understood the need for a morally motivated bureaucracy , and thus perfected in the seventh century the world 's first examination system for selecting bureaucrats , with the Confucian canon as the syllabus .
He appeared to have abandoned an active role in politics after his post was abolished in 1989 . But now he has ostensibly resurfaced , like a Persian Cincinnatus , to help Iran in its hour of need .
His economic failures have highlighted the need for a more moderate and capable president .
Humanitarian aid is being delivered , but a distribution system safe from the predations of Afghanistan 's warlords needs to be built .
Major infrastructure investments will also be needed if the economy is to be revived .
Housing , particularly for returning refugees , will need to be constructed fast .
Cities such as Kabul , Mazar , Herat and others will need to be rebuilt as centers of economic and cultural life .
The educational system needs to be rebuilt almost from scratch , and with so many women anxious to return to teaching , a revived educational system will also help Afghanistan 's democratic politicians gain a powerful lobby of workers .
A decentralized system will respond better to local needs and avoid an over-bureaucratic public sector .
Macroeconomic policy harmonization is needed to ensure that changes in one SADC member country do not adversely affect economic activity elsewhere .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
The gap between Europe 's security needs and its military capacities is widening , and most European leaders lack the will to do what is necessary to close it .
Today , Europe needs improved capacity to combat terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , deal with failed or failing states , contend with regional conflicts , and respond to humanitarian crises .
The fragmented nature of European defense procurement , the Byzantine rules of the European defense trade , and industrial capabilities shaped by the Cold War legacy all sap Europe 's ability to meet its military needs .
But these trade-offs must be made if Europe 's military is to meet the Continent 's security needs .
While NATO and the EU have improved their working relations , more steps need to be taken to eliminate mistrust , unhealthy competition , and information-sharing blockages .
Specialization of military capabilities and industrial efforts by certain member states shows some promise , but needs to be coordinated to avoid redundancy and ensure interoperability .
Nuclear disarmament is therefore still urgently needed , and prominent politicians in the US and Germany have produced the US-led Global Zero initiative and created the International Commission on Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament -LRB- ICNND -RRB- , sponsored by Australia and Japan and co-chaired by former Foreign Ministers Yoriko Kawaguchi and Gareth Evans .
First , unlike hybrid tribunals in East Timor , Kosovo , and Sierra Leone , international judges are a minority . -LRB- A `` super-majority '' voting mechanism will ensure that the vote of at least one international judge is needed to reach a judgment . -RRB-
Civic groups and the court will need to develop creative outreach strategies to target the predominantly rural population to ensure that all Cambodians have the opportunity to understand these proceedings .
To restore calm before a recount can be held , confidence-building measures are needed .
In announcing that it would stop accepting donations for the victims of the tsunami after collecting ¤ 40 million for that purpose , Médecins Sans Frontières noted its urgent need for funds for such man-made catastrophes as Darfur in Sudan and for the Democratic Republic of Congo .
These are highly complex cases , frequently involving not only novel issues under international law , but also thousands of witnesses -- often traumatized by their suffering -- dispersed to many lands , the constant need for high-quality simultaneous translations , and disruptive tactics by some defendants .
Most important , of course , is the need to prevent the suffering caused by the crimes that lead to international prosecutions ; and when those crimes can not be prevented , we must provide some comfort and redress to the victims and their families by doing justice .
The treaty establishing the ICC empowers the Security Council to delay a prosecution if this is needed to bring about a peace settlement .
Given that security issues will likely prevent most of this energy from being transported eastward to meet China 's domestic needs , Chinese energy concerns will need to become players in international energy markets -- which means shipping Chinese-developed oil and gas in Iraq and Iran westward for sale .
Ukraine 's industries need to modernize , not become more addicted to cheap gas , and gas transit will become almost as monopolistic as gas supply -- a dismal prospect , given past cut-offs of gas supplies between Russia and Europe .
If I think I need more vitamins , I prefer to take a multivitamin supplement .
If I need a hundred or so calories in a hurry , I prefer a banana , a handful of nuts , or , for that matter , a delicious candy bar .
`` Frankly , '' he said , `` we need a lot less of the passive tolerance of recent years and a much more active , muscular liberalism . ''
But can China be persuaded to wield its influence constructively , rather than maintaining its pretense of neutrality when its assistance is badly needed ?
This means that the pro-Kremlin bloc probably attained the two-thirds majority needed to change the constitution , which would allow it to grant Putin a third four-year term , although Putin himself ruled this out last June .
But Russia needs the revenue at least as much as Europe needs the energy .
`` Putinism '' is predicated on the need for an enemy , and that enemy , at least since 2003 , is the West .
In that case , the West will need to be ever more vigilant .
To understand the dynamics of conflict in Burundi , we need to examine three root causes .
Burundi 's donors need to join hands with African leaders to make certain that the agreements are implemented .
It must be distributed to the needy rather than favoring the elite - a tendency established in the past .
Burundi will need even deeper pockets from its donors to transform today 's political overtures into sustainable peace .
This idea is so novel that it needs further elaboration .
The trick will be to induce the brain to produce and deliver to the correct destination any kind of neuron that might be needed , so that regardless of cell class , new cells of the required kind can replace others of the same type that have died .
Although we will need more such informal learning environments in the future , politicians and the public have hardly noticed .
But the need for some kind of continuous learning has become even more obvious today , in a world driven by the forces of globalization .
Talent is now recognized as a scarce commodity that needs to be nurtured for a worldwide market of skills and competencies .
Just as formal schooling needs to become better integrated with the informal learning environments to which our children are exposed in multiple ways , formal and informal learning must mesh in a life-long process .
European universities , recognizing the reputational gains associated with ERC grants , have started to compete for them , leading to greater awareness of the need to nurture the talented younger researchers in their midst .
After stalling for two and a half years , the day before the draft constitution was due to expire , the government hastily pushed through Parliament an alternate draft that preserved strong presidential powers , weakened the bill of rights , and rigged the electoral percentages needed to win the presidency .
A global deal on climate change is urgently needed .
Developing countries need substantial help and support from rich nations in order to implement their plans for low-carbon economic growth , and to adapt to the effects of climate change that are now inevitable over the next few decades .
Joint action on nuclear-threat reduction must be a critical element in moving the Euro-Atlantic nations toward a level of stability and strength and allow them to exercise badly needed global leadership .
Fonkoze was back in operation only days after the earthquake . Remittances transferred through Fonkoze are free , giving recipient families in Haiti vital resources to meet short-term needs while also encouraging long-term development .
Much-needed capital investment can enable smallholder farmers to provide the private sector with a sustainable supply of high-quality agricultural produce .
They also need roads and transportation to get their products to market , and technology to receive and share the latest market information on prices .
Above all , they need a long-term commitment to agriculture from their own governments , the international community , and the private sector , backed up by greater investment .
That is why Haiti needs the private sector now more than ever -- to help rebuild both the country and the livelihoods of poor rural people .
Higher food prices meant that poor people , already struggling to meet basic human needs , were pushed deeper into poverty .
In order to lift people out of poverty and ensure food security , a sustained effort is needed to develop Africa 's agriculture and the associated infrastructure -- notably roads , telecommunication , and energy -- needed to unleash agricultural potential .
More broadly , African countries need to put their political and economic houses in order .
At the International Fund for Agricultural Development -LRB- IFAD -RRB- , we believe that farming , regardless of size or scale , must be seen as a business , and smallholder farmers as small-scale business owners rather than poor people who need handouts .
There is growing recognition that these smallholder farmers and their rural communities are a major part of the solution to food insecurity and poverty -- but only if they have what they need to do their jobs .
Each link in the value chain , from the smallholder to the local trade agents and agro-processors to regional and national markets , needs to be strengthened .
We need to link food producers with the people who need their product through viable and well maintained infrastructure .
In addition , we need to provide them with research and technology to ensure that they can grow the best-quality produce , and storage capabilities so that they can sell at peak prices .
If smallholder farmers have the basic infrastructure they need to get their goods to market , they will not only be able to feed themselves and their communities , but will contribute to wider food security .
We just need to put the pavement down so that farmers like those I saw in Zambia can more easily make their way on the road to food security .
But if Europe fails to respond , Obama will look elsewhere for the partners he needs , unconstrained by anxious European invocations of `` special relationships '' or `` the Atlantic community of values . ''
In the same spirit , Europeans resolutely refuse to accept that the US might legitimately have different geopolitical interests -- so that when US policies diverge from their own , Europeans assume that the Americans simply got it wrong , and that they clearly need Europe 's wise advice to set them straight .
Such neediness would be easier to bear if it were accompanied by a greater readiness to take real action .
Post-American Europeans need to shake off their habitual deference and complacency towards the US -- or reconcile themselves to deserved American indifference .
This version of feminism -- the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home , prize family above all , and view rights in the context of community and spirituality -- seems like a much-needed corrective to some of Western feminism 's shortcomings .
Gurian argues that men 's brains can actually feel invaded and overwhelmed by too much verbal processing of emotion , so that men 's need to zone out or do something mechanical rather than emote is often not a rejection of their spouses , but a neural need .
Second , perhaps he needs to be able to try the Guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting , or even keep them from trial forever : lawyers claim that torture , including sexual torture , was so endemic in the CIA and the military that Obama could be holding scores , if not hundreds , of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes .
This provoked a small firestorm of distortion in the West : `` Wolf Wants to Institutionalize the Burka , '' etc. . It was depressing to see a simple appeal for Westerners to listen to Muslim women deliberately distorted into a representation of all Muslim women as meek , will-less beings in need of rescue .
In practice , however , a successful vision often arises from the needs of the group , which are then formulated and articulated by the leader .
To choose goals and articulate them in a vision , they need not only to solicit input from their followers , but also to understand the context of their choices .
Sometimes leaders need to stretch the boundaries of realism to inspire their followers and call forth extra effort , as Winston Churchill did in Great Britain in 1940 .
It is a serious charge , because the world needs a broader strategy against terrorism .
That need not be the case .
America does n't need permanent allies and institutions , they say , because a coalition of the willing will suffice .
But this will take time and patience - and it will need to be accompanied by policy changes on Iraq , Palestine-Israel , and the regional economy .
Rising anti-Americanism around the world threatens to deprive the US of the soft or attractive power that it needs to succeed in the struggle against terrorism .
Unfortunately , the funds needed to implement these initiatives have not flowed as rapidly as the rhetoric .
As Bush 's budget request to Congress puts it , `` Rarely has the need for a sustained effort to ensure foreign understanding for our country and society been so clearly evident . ''
At a minimum , Bush will need to pursue policies -- in a more consultative manner -- that seek a political solution in Iraq and progress in the Israel-Palestine peace process .
There is no need for the US and China to go to war .
Unchecked , however , these conflicting views could have dangerous effects by limiting the cooperation that is needed to address common vulnerabilities .
To kill so many people , deviants like Hitler or Stalin needed a totalitarian government .
One need not accept all the rhetoric or policies of George W. Bush to recognize that he is correct on a central point . Business as usual will not be enough .
By contrast , on more recent visits to India , I have found my hosts referring to the need to learn from China .
Here the US needs the help of Europeans , and it makes no sense to call this world uni-polar , either .
Turning backward and inward to the original six EU members is unlikely to meet such concerns , and augurs poorly for the liberalization of labor markets that Europe 's economies need to get moving .
Only one remains at all credible : the need to transform the Middle East through democratization and thereby undercut support for terrorists .
Even before the floodwaters of Katrina recede , Bush will need to focus on his Iraq conundrum , because long after Katrina has been forgotten , history will judge his presidency by how he resolves it .
In the end , the next decade will be marked by a delicate balance in which Europe remains dependent on Russian gas , but Russia 's need for export revenues will also make it dependent on Europe .
The world needs a multi-faceted strategy that de-legitimizes attacks on civilians as a method of conflict ; discourages states from providing resources or safe harbor to those who use such methods ; hardens our targets at home ; denies terrorists easy access to weapons of mass destruction ; and reduces incentives to use terrorism .
We need hard power to deal with such cases .
If Iran were interested solely in peaceful uses , the Russian offer or some other plan -LRB- such as placing stocks of low enriched uranium in Iran -RRB- could meet their needs .
Military force , intelligence , and international police cooperation needs to be used against hardcore terrorists affiliated with or inspired by al-Qaeda , but soft power is essential to attracting the mainstream and drying up support for the extremists .
Muslims , including Islamists , have a diversity of views , so we need to be wary of strategies that help our enemies by uniting disparate forces behind one banner .
The new relationship with Russia needs careful management , and rapid extension of membership to former Soviet republics like Ukraine and Georgia could prove difficult .
In military terms , European countries need to spend more on secure communications , airlift capabilities , special operations , and dealing with chemical and biological battlefields in order to be able to fight the war on terrorism effectively .
The West needs Russian cooperation in dealing with issues like nuclear proliferation in Iran and North Korea , the control of nuclear materials and weapons , combating the current wave of radical Islamist terrorism , and energy production and security .
These are precisely the people needed to help foster a vibrant middle class -- the bedrock of a stable democratic market economy .
Americans will need to find ways to assert their narrative of democracy , freedom , and rights in a manner that respects diversity and the views of others .
But while Royal has been careful to placate her socialist base , she has also talked about the need for market reforms in the French economy , and taken some foreign policy positions on Iran and Turkey that are closer to the American view than are Sarkozy 's .
Development will take a long time , and the international community needs to explore better ways to make sure that help actually reaches the poor , but both prudence and a concern for soft power suggest that the US should take the lead .
None of the proposals suggested thus far is perfect , and many of the details need to be worked out .
In principle , the Taiwan issue need not lead to conflict .
There is no need for the US and China to go to war in this century .
But the next president will need to recognize that the nature of leadership also is changing .
Almost every leader needs a certain degree of soft power .
But even tyrants and despots such as Hitler need a degree of soft power , at least within their inner circle .
Whoever the next president will be , he or she will need to learn that lesson .
Organizations need both , but leaders are more important .
Leaders need enough managerial skill to assure that systems are in place to provide the information required for good decisions as well as effective implementation .
Leaders of social movements also need to manage the inward and outward flows of information .
But the triangle is not equilateral , because the US is allied with Japan , and China need not become a threat to either country if they maintain that alliance .
But , as the United States discovered in Iraq , hearts and minds also matter , and smart warriors need the soft power of attraction as well as the hard power of coercion .
My hosts replied that they needed to keep up with China .
The poor performance of Wall Street and America regulators has cost America a good deal in terms of the soft power of its economic model 's attractiveness , but the blow need not be fatal if , in contrast to Japan in the 1990 's , the US manages to absorb the losses and limit the damage .
For example , international financial stability is vital to American prosperity , but the US needs the cooperation of others to ensure it .
He will need to stimulate the economy and avoid protectionist pressures at home , while also taking the lead in restructuring the global financial system .
Obama 's election has done much to restore American `` soft '' power , but he will need to follow up with policies that combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy of the sort that won the Cold War .
We need less Wilsonian rhetoric about making the world safe for democracy , unless combined with John F. Kennedy 's calls to `` make the world safe for diversity . ''
Fast and resolute mitigating action is needed to avoid national disaster . ''
In addition , a successful leader needs the hard-power skills of organizational and Machiavellian political capacity .
Obama will need to use both his emotional and contextual intelligence if he is to restore American leadership .
As leaders increasingly need to understand the relationship of networks to power , they will have to adapt strategies and create teams that benefit from both strong and weak ties .
International financial stability is vital to prosperity , but the US needs the cooperation of others to ensure it .
Citizens who express concern about leadership need to learn not only how to judge it , but how to practice it themselves .
Since they lack the legitimate authority of elected or high-level appointed officials , bureaucratic entrepreneurs must remain cognizant of the need to balance initiative with loyalty .
Leadership is broadly distributed throughout healthy democracies , and all citizens need to learn more about what makes good and bad leaders .
They must also better understand the nature of the contextual intelligence they will need to educate their hunches and sustain strategies of smart power .
In addition to communicating with distant audiences , leaders need the ability to communicate one-on-one or in small groups .
Governments need to correct daily misrepresentations of their policies , as well as to try to convey a longer-term strategic message .
America 's standing plummeted in Islamic countries , whose support is needed to help track the flow of terrorists , tainted money , and dangerous weapons .
If China responds to entreaties to revalue the yuan , it may need to look tough on other issues to appease nationalist sentiment .
For example , after the 2008 financial crisis , while the US pressed China to let its currency appreciate , officials at China 's central bank began arguing that America needed to increase its savings , reduce its deficits , and move toward supplementing the dollar 's role as a reserve currency with IMF-issued special drawing rights .
The G-20 is focusing on the need to `` re-balance '' financial flows , altering the old pattern of US deficits matching Chinese surpluses .
The need to communicate effectively , together with market forces , produces a powerful incentive to master English and accept a degree of assimilation .
The political institutions needed for an effective market economy are largely missing , and corruption is rampant .
`` An innovative economy needs open markets , venture capital , free thinking entrepreneurs , fast bankruptcy courts and solid protection of intellectual property , '' she argues .
There is a huge dependency on oil , a need for capital , a need for serious reforms , while the social burden is very strong .
But China 's export-led development model will need to be adjusted as global trade and financial balances become more contentious .
But China 's leaders will have to contend with other countries ' reactions , as well as with the constraints implied by the need for external markets and resources in order to meet their economic-growth objectives .
The European Central Bank has provided a monetary lifeline that has provided much needed liquidity within the financial system and helped the government to stem the crisis of confidence created by the banking collapse .
Consigning such measures to `` last resort '' status would reduce the available options precisely when countries need as many tools as possible to prevent and mitigate crises .
With slowing world economic growth , US financing needs could cause a drop in investors ' confidence in the future of US-based assets , precipitating a sharp dollar depreciation .
Of course , no single government can bear all the costs of the policies needed to correct today 's global imbalances .
To be credible as a mediator of this mechanism , the IMF itself would need reform , including a substantial change of voting power to bring the influence of developing countries in line with the weight they carry nowadays in the global economy .
NEW YORK -- For those of us who have long claimed that the world 's international financial architecture needed deep reform , the call for a `` Bretton Woods II '' is welcome .
The Bank for International Settlements and the Basel Committee are better placed , but a fundamental reform is needed to broaden their membership and to avoid a major problem of the Basel Committee : its lack of representation of developing countries .
The first is the need for a truly global reserve currency , perhaps based on the IMF Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- .
The second issue is the need to place the IMF , not the G-7 -- or any other `` G '' -- at the center of global macroeconomic policy coordination .
China needs a major internal restructuring from exports and investments , its two engines of growth in past decades , to personal and government consumption -LRB- education , health , and social protection in the latter case -RRB- .
This type of correction would also allow emerging markets to pursue more restrictive monetary policies , which they now need , given their greater macroeconomic strength .
Moreover , reducing the need for countries to set aside funds for reserves would also facilitate some reduction of global imbalances .
The question today is whether , with the moment of crisis passing and countries ' circumstances and perspectives diverging , the G-20 can demonstrate the leadership the world needs in addressing its ongoing critical problems .
In other words , the new IMF framework is welcome , but countries will need the freedom to manage their capital account more than ever in the years ahead .
Gaza cries out for bone specialists , but the training I need is available only abroad .
I wasted no time in asking the Israeli authorities for permission to travel to Europe . But I was told that only patients in need of emergency medical evacuation would be allowed out -- not students .
The local hospitals lack the equipment needed to perform many important procedures , like radiation treatments for cancer patients and heart surgery .
The far-North , some of whose leaders responded , like MASSOB , to Obasanjo 's ascendancy in 1999 by embracing Islamic Sharia law , also needs to be watched carefully .
Officials also argue that Nigeria 's large population relative to other OPEC members , and the urgent need to earn foreign exchange to invest in infrastructure and social services , necessitates preferential treatment .
Any significant move to tackle the PDP machine will likely need to come from the Senate and its president , Ken Nnamani , who played a key role in thwarting Obasanjo 's quest for a third term .
While the strategic interests of Russia and China across Central Asia need not be affected in a negative way by the US foray into the region , Uzbekistan 's neighbors will certainly feel that their future security and the regional balance of power might well be compromised by the almost inevitable increase in Uzbek military capacity , a predictable byproduct of cooperation with the US .
There is no effective training for health-care and social-welfare professionals that covers the special health needs of people with intellectual disabilities , and no monitoring of health systems .
People with intellectual disabilities are under-researched , their physical and mental health problems unarticulated and unidentified -- and thus their special needs left unaddressed .
There is money floating around the system that needs to be redirected to community alternatives .
Political will is also cost-free , and governments need to introduce management and financial incentives for modernizing services and shifting their focus from institutions to families and community-based care .
Inclusion through support for families and community-based care will ensure that service delivery meets human needs and complies with the rule of law .
Africa needs substantial investments to correct these shortfalls : $ 75 billion to close its 135-gigawatt power deficit by 2015 , and $ 37 billion to improve transport infrastructure .
If they volunteered to act collectively at these forums , Europe would free up much-needed space for other important countries at the top table of world economic discussions , which would foster greater respect for global policymakers .
Clearly , therefore , we need to devise a system of membership for key international organizations that ensures that their structures are relevant but that is also flexible enough to allow members to come and go .
Economic growth during the Putin years , combined with the defeat of Georgia -- which was regarded in Russia as the beginning of a great political comeback -- provided the confidence needed to embrace efforts to re-model the transatlantic security architecture .
These existing institutions might need to be reinvigorated and fortified , but there is no need for more of them .
Given that agriculture uses 70 % of the world 's reliable water supply -LRB- and the potential impact of climate change on water reliability -RRB- , a comprehensive approach to climate security will need to embrace better water policies , better integrated land management , and agricultural market reform .
What this suggests is that we need new global rules of the road for total resource productivity .
Of course , Europe needs to sweeten the Kosovo deal for Serbia .
A new generation was also needed .
But Europe must nonetheless recognize the need to distinguish clearly between partners , competitors , and opponents , and to formulate a more sophisticated and articulated policy towards Russia , in particular .
Everyone in Europe and the world needs a unified , robust Europe .
He needs to strike a new bargain with Belarusians , and he knows it : economic modernization with political `` stability . ''
The West needs to cultivate relations with these people and invest in the economy , while rejecting the brutality of the regime , which may become easier if privatization moves ahead .
The bottom line is this : Belarus 's ordinary people and victims of repression need help today .
Then , crisis erupted in May , when the country ran low on foreign-currency reserves and traders could not purchase the dollars they needed .
Although there is no need immediately to announce a specific exchange rate for the zloty at euro entry , such a program must include among its focal points a formula for determining the rate .
Unlike their counterparts in the US , Central American producers lack access to the capital and technology needed for them to expand and innovate .
The driving force behind this scheme is the need for political instruments to reflect current power realities .
Only education remains as a future investment sector , given its impact on productivity , but the rest of the much-needed social sector interventions have been abandoned in favor of investment in infrastructure , the environment , regional integration , and finance .
Why does it want to deny governments ' access to much-needed funds for social development ?
Other measures are needed to reduce poverty in rural areas , such as land reform and rights , agricultural extension services , expanding access to health and non-contributory social pensions , just to mention some .
Unless the ADB 's member governments reverse its current policies , they , too , will be blamed for ignoring the urgent needs of the poor .
It requires that aid to poor countries be sustained ; that governments focus on expansionary macroeconomic policies that support employment and broad-based economic activities ; that new schemes be introduced to extend health services and social protection for the poor ; and that investments in education , water supply , sanitation , agriculture , and food security receive the support they need .
One need only recall the recent case of Wen Ho Lee , the Los Alamos National Laboratory scientist who was unjustly accused of spying , to be reminded of how yin and yang are America 's feelings about minority members in sensitive positions .
It is intellectually and politically unsettling to realize that , if the West can not quickly straighten out its systems of government , only politically un-reformed states like China will be able to make the decisions that a nation needs to survive in today 's high-speed , high-tech , increasingly globalized world .
They have , however , helped support China 's economy by allowing Americans to run up consumer debt by buying more Chinese goods than they rightfully need .
Until the euro weakened recently , Chinese bankers had been buying more euro-denominated assets , no doubt recognizing that , despite the frailty of the eurozone economy , Chinese exporters also need European consumers to keep buying their goods .
If American officials do not begin to recognize the realities of today 's globalized world , the US may unwittingly -LRB- and self-destructively -RRB- find itself cut off from the kinds of new foreign investment flows that are sorely needed to revitalize its manufacturing and infrastructure sectors .
Two-thirds of its population is under the age of 30 , and unemployment is high ; it needs to attract foreign investment for its oil and gas industry , and to finance road construction and other infrastructure projects .
Iran 's neighbors need to convince Iran 's rulers that Iranians , too , can participate in the region 's growth , and even become regional leaders .
At the same time , the Iraqi Kurds also appear to appreciate how much they need a friendly Turkey .
In response , Israelis quickly developed their own `` End of History '' thesis , suggesting that soon Zionism would be a thing of the past , primarily because there would no longer be a need for any ideology to support what would be a normal modern state , at peace with its neighbors and with its past traumas .
Perhaps the country needs exactly this just now : an atypical Israeli at the steering wheel .
All three major leaders now agree on the need to revise the ramshackle political system .
Indeed , there can no longer be any debate about the need to act , because the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -LRB- IPCC -RRB- , of which I am chairman , has established climate change as an unequivocal reality beyond scientific doubt .
The need for international action , therefore , stems from two important observations arising out of the IPCC 's work .
Natural selection as a theory becomes a proposition in play , needing much more work .
Recent public opinion surveys indicate why Toledo needs such assistance : many Peruvians believe that his government is as corrupt as Fujimori 's .
But protectionism need not be the only alternative to fear of global competition .
Entrepreneurs need to face competition in order to develop , whereas individuals who are laid off may have difficulties getting back into productive work .
Politicians are blamed because they did not tighten fiscal policies when needed in order to prevent property bubbles , rein in external deficits , and avert economic overheating .
To ask politicians in a democracy with big surpluses to raise taxes or cut benefits or public investment by the enormous magnitude needed to stave off disaster strikes is to be out of touch with reality .
Every economy needs someone who can ensure that the proverbial punch bowl is taken away when the party gets out of hand .
At the same time , we need to promote the progress of other regimes in the region toward inclusive democracy .
This link between security , democracy , and human development has since been broken and needs to be restored through investment in good governance , regional development , and education .
Developing countries need to grow , but nowadays it is easier to acquire capacity and grow through FDI than it is to develop domestic mass consumption markets .
Consequently , policy interventions that address market failures -- as well as widespread information imperfections and the non-existence of many needed markets -- can make everyone better off .
However , in the Fed 's defense , low interest rates were needed to maintain the expansion .
Policy must also chart a stable long-term course , which implies the need to reconsider the paradigm of the past 25 years .
But the scale of the price spike exceeds normal demand and supply factors , pointing to the role of speculation -- and underscoring the need for policy action to clean up the oil market .
That is welcome , but far more is needed -- and quickly .
The coordinated rate cut now undertaken by the world 's major central banks begins the process of policy catch-up , but further cuts are needed .
The automakers are also the backbone of American manufacturing , driving advances in manufacturing technology that will be needed if America is to be a world leader in the coming `` green '' transportation revolution .
This design was crafted not only from enlightened principle but from necessity : America needed to persuade people to cross the ocean and endure the hardships of the frontier and , later , industrialization .
To get out of it , greater entry into the economy and politics is needed , but also less demand for quick-fix assimilation .
Careful studies need to be done to determine available energy , land , mineral , and biological resources before projects proceed .
Finally , China needs a new energy strategy .
Above all , a system needs to be established to monitor officials ' performance in environmental as well as in economic terms .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
We need to look at individuals within an individual country to understand the true power of `` Islamic values '' in shaping a society .
To do so , we need a country with deep religious cleavages between Islam and Christianity and , unlike America 's `` melting pot , '' limited mixing among social groups .
If properly managed , migration can enhance Europe 's cultural wealth and meet its labor-market needs , as fertility rates in the EU fall and its population ages .
Immigrants come to Europe in large measure because Europe needs them .
We need to highlight , not hide , different views , and see our parties less as `` war headquarters '' and more as bio-diverse think tanks or workshops .
Our societies and citizens need more freedom if we are to build a more peaceful , prosperous , and secure world .
There are different perspectives on how Europe 's security architecture should be designed , but we all agree on the urgent need to tackle this critical challenge through constructive dialogue .
People living in these areas need peace and stability , not a fragile status quo that could suddenly shatter and turn violent .
Finally , the need to move ahead with European unification in order to legitimize the inevitable infringement of over-indebted countries ' sovereignty might eventually infringe upon German sovereignty as well .
Investors need to be reassured that debt-service costs are under control , and that debt volumes and deficit limits are firmly monitored in order to minimize default risks and strengthen banks ' ability to lay the groundwork for sustainable growth .
In the longer term , radical reforms in capital , product , and labor markets will also be needed , complemented by a stronger and more cohesive investment strategy at the European level , aimed at boosting competitiveness and restoring growth prospects .
They now need to find new ways of coexisting and cultivating civic amity .
Supplied with raw materials , assemblers could be programmed to build whatever we need , including more assemblers .
He might argue that he has to be . There are so many issues , from health-care reform to the Middle East , that need his attention .
Barack Obama is a star . The world needs one .
But it needs one who continues to shine brightly for several years to come .
First , your own eyes and your reason would surely tell you before long that the communist idyll -- the withering away of the state and the triumph over need -- would never come .
But surely the way a society cares for its sick and needy and elderly is sufficiently important to deserve serious and thoughtful argument based on what we really can see with our own eyes rather than on uninformed partisan prejudice .
He will need all his skills to address the bewildering range of global tasks that he has taken on since being shoehorned out of office by his dour successor , Gordon Brown .
Since then , Blair has become an adviser to banks -LRB- which need all the advice they can get these days -RRB- , is touring the world to promote a sensible policy on global warming and climate change , has created a foundation to help bridge the divide between different faiths , and will lecture on religion at Yale .
They need to be pushed and shoved into a successful negotiation .
A Palestinian state will need to be built from the bottom up .
We need to talk more about the quality of growth . French President Nicolas Sarkozy has raised this issue , and he is right to do so .
The story of how we became who we are needs to accommodate our sense of tribal solidarity and accomplishment .
The EU needs common defense procurement and harmonization to acquire the helicopters , transport aircraft , battlefield communications equipment , and surveillance drones that are necessary for twenty-first-century operations .
Lady Ashton will need to be firm in dealing with Russia and with member states who subordinate Europe to the commercial interests of their national energy companies .
Obama may have come to understand that when you are the leader of the world 's only superpower , you need to be feared just a little if you are to be respected .
Obama clearly recognizes that the NPT needs to be strengthened in order to prevent countries from turning their civil nuclear-power capacity into weapons .
What is interesting is that Indian businesspeople no longer dwell on what India 's government needs to do .
India needs better and much more education , as its young population grows .
Thus , more votes are needed to elect a Conservative than a Labor MP .
How can we ensure that technology meets the needs of the poor and does not simply increase the divide between laptop-owning , Blackberry-using Westerners like me and the poor in India or China ?
To illustrate his argument , Benedict noted that the international financial crash , partly a consequence of insatiable greed , had provoked debate about the need for an ethical basis for economic behavior .
We need the sort of courage that was the hallmark of Margaret Thatcher . We need Bill Clinton 's extraordinary ability to spin a political narrative that enabled voters to identify their own interests with his goals .
We require Helmut Kohl 's understanding of the need to identify the big decisions in politics , and to get those decisions right .
We need leaders with sufficient mastery of detail , like China 's last premier Zhu Rongji , who can not only tell us how they will get us from A to Z , but can actually lead us from A to B.
The rest of the world needs a strong , self-confident , and decisive America .
In these circumstances , we badly need strong and wise leadership .
Japan , Vietnam , and even Singapore have reacted with consternation , highlighting the need for America to remain the principal guarantor of stability in Asia .
Maybe this behavior is attributable to the imminent leadership change , with an aggressive faction in the Communist Party Politburo and Central Committee needing to be mollified .
At the same time , the West needs to develop together a negotiating position on carbon emissions and climate change that will engage China and India .
Finally , even after Bush -- who became so unpopular in Europe -LRB- not always fairly -RRB- -- the European Union will find it hard to become the partner in tackling global problems that America needs and seeks .
This lesson needs to be learned fast .
But if the Mediterranean Union is to achieve more than was managed in its first manifestation , a number of things will need to happen .
America needs to rein in its household and fiscal spending , so that it can cut the amount of money that it borrows and owes .
As for foreign policy , it is Obama who has rightly said that America needs to switch the focus of its military operations from Iraq to Afghanistan .
What does the world want -- and , perhaps more importantly , what does it need -- from a new American President ?
Yet the world still needs American leadership .
With America turning away from its global role of borrower of last resort , the rest of us will need to sharpen our competitive edge to sell in other markets .
The United Nations is far from perfect . It needs reform -- as do the bodies that provide global economic governance .
If we are to accept scientific facts , we need to construct morality on a new foundation , one without souls .
Consumers need to have confidence in the safety of the products they purchase , whether produced at home or abroad .
Foreign participation in the financial sector brings expertise needed to provide more efficient savings instruments , risk management , and allocation of capital .
But to use that expertise -- the most valuable asset a globally competitive financial institution has -- investors need to control the operations of firms in which they have a stake .
Moreover , because this type of aquaculture is based predominantly in developing countries -LRB- mainly in China , but also in countries such as the Philippines and Bangladesh -RRB- , it supplies cheap animal protein right where it is needed .
Just as giving to someone in need elicits a positive neural response , so does taking from someone who deserves it .
The patterns of charitable donation to foreign countries often have more to do with the salience of news reports than to actual considerations about where the money is most needed .
What is now needed is global enforcement of transparency standards .
It needs little care and brings a secure income .
Chirac chided EU candidate countries for behaving irresponsibly when they expressed support for America 's effort to disarm Iraq with the use of force if need be .
Indeed , public opinion in all candidate countries is against a military action in Iraq . The candidate countries have simply shown loyalty to the US at a time when the US needs them .
Perhaps more to the point , they feel that as long as a European security system is not in place , they may yet need the US to defend their security and independence .
Once in the Union , Poland will have an even freer hand , unconstrained by the need to support the aspirations of other East European countries .
Regardless of what happens , all Europe needs to get past clichés about `` old '' versus `` new '' Europe .
While the attempt by Chinese officials to extract a huge concession -- market-economy status -- is ill-timed and in poor taste , China 's government needs to weigh the significant benefits that it could receive by providing limited but meaningful assistance to Europe in its hour of need .
At the moment , Europe 's banks desperately need to shore up their balance sheets .
That is the question the European Union needs to ask itself as it debates whether to resume providing financial aid to the Palestinian Authority .
Israel wants -- indeed , desperately needs -- peace and stability in the Middle East , and we will continue to do everything in our power to achieve it .
This convergence has less to do with regulatory thinking on bank size or function than with a common need to play to the political gallery and raise more tax revenue .
The riskiest institutions were not the largest : firms like J. P. Morgan and HSBC proved safer than others , and neither sought nor needed state funding .
Four steps are needed to restart such a process .
Which guarantees are needed to safeguard Lebanon 's sovereignty ?
The Israeli government needs to be convinced that resuming peace talks could lead to more constructive Syrian behavior vis-à-vis Lebanon and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
With regard to the Palestinians , dialogue capacity of a different kind is needed .
The robust diplomatic approach that is needed to confront the problem must include three components .
Iran 's Options Berlin &#45; &#45; With President Bush in Europe getting EU leaders to agree to toughen UN sanctions against Iran , and with the ongoing debate between John McCain and Barack Obama about whether the US needs to talk with Iran 's rulers , the issue of Iran 's nuclear program is heating up . Iranians , no surprise , are watching this debate with interest . They need to do more than watch .
Other clarifications are also needed . Is Iran prepared to accept a compromise that responds to European and other international concerns about its nuclear program , and thereby gain wide-ranging economic , energy , technology and science cooperation ?
If it wants to be seen as a status-quo power , it needs to accept local and international efforts at establishing peace between Israel and its neighbors .
For a grand bargain with the US , Iran needs to end its support for militant organizations like Hamas or Palestinian Islamic Jihad which undermine efforts at reaching a two-state solution for Israel and Palestine .
BERLIN -- The people of Tunisia and Egypt have shown that democracy in Arab countries need not come at the barrel of a Western gun .
But , while the drive for democratic change has been local and authentic , there is no guarantee of a successful political transition : democratically elected governments will have to address the same social and economic problems that contributed to the old regimes ' fall -- not least the need to create jobs and opportunities for the young .
This is not to discount the need for such projects ; the renewable-energy sector , in particular , holds enormous opportunities for cooperation .
Europe needs clean energy , and will not be able to produce enough on its own territory .
The countries of North Africa also need energy -- particularly more electricity and new networks to support urban and industrial development .
Europe , while afraid of illegal migration , needs foreign labor for its own demographic reasons -- not least young engineers , technical staff , doctors , and health-care workers .
Tunisia , Egypt , and the other Southern Mediterranean countries have an abundance of young people with degrees and no jobs , who often also need to acquire practical skills .
And it would address real needs in the Southern Mediterranean countries -- improving professional skills , reducing the pressure on the local labor market , creating businesses and jobs -- as well as in Europe .
At long last , these countries ' demographic wealth would be used to meet their development needs .
The EU needs a comprehensive regional approach , focusing on the remaining steps that would lead each country towards membership .
The most recent EU members , Bulgaria and Romania , are both in the Balkans and both are examples of countries with special needs .
Their special needs should be taken into account in any new EU approach , giving them hope while mitigating the fallout from Kosovo .
Further , the Continent will undoubtedly need some transformative changes of its economic institutions to establish high-performance economies .
What is needed for high performance ?
Society , then , needs to pay for the costs of crime prevention policies and the administration of justice .
So what these countries need are more employment opportunities and higher salaries in the private sector for these workers .
Governments could afford the cost of the subsidies since cutting unemployment would not only lower public security costs , but would also reduce the need for welfare programs .
Economic recovery needs to begin as soon as possible , not only because this is essential to maintaining political and social stability , but also because donors are unwilling to support economic reconstruction unless countries do their part to create an environment conducive to ensuring its sustainability .
But donors need to avoid some common mistakes .
But the need for critical thinking has never been as pressing as in the Internet era .
But we need this wall to tumble if we do not want to miss today 's revolution , which is delivering societies based on knowledge , technology , and information .
European and developing-country governments urgently need to reverse their current adverse position on GM organisms in order to help ensure sustainable food security for all .
All that is needed is political will .
To maintain their influence , it seems , they believe that they need to create an image of America as Russia 's implacable enemy , which , by extending NATO membership to ex-communist countries , is bringing an existential threat right to the country 's doorstep .
Russia has an important place in Chinese geopolitical calculations , as a supplier of both modern weaponry and energy resources needed to continue its modernization .
China is militarily self-sufficient and needs military cooperation under the SCO framework only in order to free its hands if any conflict should arise that affects its interests .
Vladimir Putin needs his own `` Nixon moment . ''
`` In order to become a genuinely developed and modern country , '' Graham continues , `` in the coming decade Russia will need to invest at least one trillion dollars in modernizing its infrastructure .
The lion 's share of the technologies , know-how , and a substantial proportion of the investment , needs to come from Europe and the USA . ''
The Sino-American relationship needs to be taken to a new level .
Investors need to take account of the effectiveness of domestic legal institutions , not just the laws on the books .
Before the Busan meeting , United States Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner warned against `` a generalized , undifferentiated move to pull forward consolidation plans , '' and emphasized the need to `` proceed in step with the strengthening of the private-sector recovery . '' But the other finance ministers did not echo Geithner 's warnings .
Instead , they emphasized the `` importance of sustainable public finances '' and the need for `` measures to deliver fiscal sustainability . '' Gone is the stress on cautious , gradually phased-in exit strategies ; the search for a rebalancing was almost unnoticeable in the meeting 's communiqué .
Against the background of much faster potential growth , only a minor effort is needed to keep the debt ratio around the 40 % level .
Third , the advanced countries will need monetary support , which implies low policy rates for years to come , while the monetary needs in the emerging and developing countries will be radically different .
Finally , instead of managing common challenges , as in 2009 , the G-20 members will need to manage their divergence .
It needs some sort of mutual insurance , or what could be termed `` insurance-based federalism . ''
The first report finds that , starting from the current low level of bank capitalization , a one-percentage-point increase in capital ratios would permanently reduce the frequency of crises by one-third , while increasing interest rates by some 13 basis points -LRB- banks would need to charge more because it costs them more to raise capital than to issue debt -RRB- .
None of this means that banks should be granted a regulatory holiday and forget the need to recapitalize . But it does suggest , first , that timing matters .
Emerging countries , however , do not need any consolidation to keep their debt ratio at 40 % of GDP .
The relative price of the goods produced in the advanced countries -LRB- their real exchange rate -RRB- needs to depreciate vis-à-vis the emerging countries in order to compensate for the expected shortfall in internal demand .
The Fund should propose a conceptual framework for the discussions to be held on exchange-rate problems by providing an objective assessment of the adjustments that are needed , and by facilitating settlement within the multilateral framework .
So the system needs a reshuffle .
So we need what the jargon calls `` surveillance . ''
They argued that the skills needed in today 's global marketplace can only be developed through exposure to a wide diversity of people .
Although public investment has been on the rise , the country 's poor infrastructure remains a barrier to higher growth . So , too , are frequent changes of rules and weakening of regulatory agencies , reflecting a disregard for stability and the consequent need to strengthen the country 's institutional framework .
E Pluribus Unum for Europe 's Bank Supervisors STOCKHOLM -- The European Union lacks an efficient supervisory framework for its vast financial industry , and the gap between what is needed and what exists is widening .
The problem is not that science and medicine wish to avoid finding cures ; it is that they are too strongly motivated by an irrational , unconscious need to cure death to be fully motivated by the lesser task of preventing and curing disease in order to delay their patients ' -- and their own -- inevitable ends .
To be a professor , it seems to me , one must first have something of importance to oneself that needs affirming , and then one must affirm it .
The reds will need to distance themselves from Thaksin 's abuses of power as much as the yellows will have to accept some of Thaksin 's policy legacy , particularly grassroots opportunities for jobs , education , and upward mobility .
BANGKOK -- After three consecutive years of deadly street protests , Thailand has arrived at the point where it will need to hold new elections , as the current term of its national assembly expires this December .
Of course , Thaksin 's legacy of corruption and of a pandering populism must be rejected , but the profound awakening of the Thai electorate that did occur , almost accidentally , during his premiership needs to be built upon , not suppressed .
Thailand needs elections that are not subverted by judicial decisions .
And the question of royal succession also needs clarification as Thailand 's constitutional monarchy navigates the uncertain path ahead .
But if Russia is to get back on its feet , more reforms are needed .
Practically everyone knows what is unacceptable , and what needs to be eliminated .
Much of what socialism built needed to be undone .
In reality , what Russia need are powerful independent social and political organizations that would say : in any presidential term the following things should be done to steer policy , thus making the question of who is president secondary .
The country needs a deeper commitment to reform that will come only when its institutions engage the Russian public in the sort of open debate that we have lacked .
What China needs is a more flexible exchange rate that can respond freely to market forces .
We need to recognize that what really matters is n't buying more and more consumer goods , but family , friends , and knowing that we are doing something worthwhile with our lives .
Today , we do n't need to rely on such verbal descriptions of our planet 's insignificance against the background of our galaxy .
The surgeon examined the eye , said that it did n't need surgery , and sent her back to the general practitioner .
By contrast , it 's hard to imagine going to a car dealer and being advised that you do n't really need a new car .
The need to cut greenhouse gases has become increasingly clear as predictions of global warming -- denounced as `` alarmist '' when they were first made just a few years ago -- have repeatedly turned out to have been too conservative .
On October 24 , people in nearly every country will be taking action to raise awareness of the need for an international treaty to bring our atmosphere back to 350 ppm of CO2 .
But , because hospitals are paid a fee for each service they provide , and better care meant that the babies needed fewer services , the change cost the hospital network $ 329,000 a year .
Even if such perverse incentives are removed , tougher questions about controlling costs need to be faced .
But this attitude thwarts urgently needed insight into who the suicide bombers really are , what motivates them , and thus how they might be stopped . In fact , there are basically two categories of suicide bombers .
What needs to be explored is not the validity of the secular trend , but the nature of the local influences working against it .
Such a review of remittances should look into restrictive practices that could be abolished , and ask whether official assistance should be adapted to the needs of this informal yet crucially important aid network .
We need no longer address the first - that he was behind the attacks of September 2001 on the US .
Dealing with Saddam does not need , and is not worth , a full-scale war .
Free the Regulators Corporate accounting scandals - indeed , the economic history of the last decade - demonstrate that global financial markets need politically independent regulatory agencies .
Monetary and financial stability are two sides of the same coin and must reinforce each other , so their supervisory agencies need a similar degree of independence .
To prevent abuse of these far-reaching powers , their exercise needs to be balanced by routine accountability .
The broader political environment , too , needs to be conducive to effective independence .
As important , a bureaucratic meltdown is needed .
It needs international budget support for operations , salaries , and basic services .
An alliance between the two largest parties , the late Benazir Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party -LRB- PPP -RRB- and Nawaz Sharif 's Muslim League faction -LRB- PML-N -RRB- is what the country needs and what most Pakistanis want .
The US needs to take a step back and let Pakistan 's political process proceed naturally .
Even that much warming would require a massive effort to adapt to weather extremes and rising sea levels , which needs to start now .
Most young male faculty members have an obsessive need to work 20 hours a day , seven days a week to make sure that a -LRB- sometimes-illusory -RRB- competitor is beaten to the punch .
This would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of women and men -- and a deeper appreciation that the male paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science .
If countries could maintain discipline and limit spending by their households , firms , or governments , foreign capital would not be needed , and could be re-exported easily , without much effect on the recipient economy .
Countries around the world are embracing shortsighted policies that cater to the immediate needs of domestic constituencies .
India , for example , has eschewed currency intervention thus far , even while opening up to long-term rupee debt inflows , in an attempt to finance much-needed infrastructure projects .
India 's willingness to spend when everyone else is attempting to sell and save entails risks that need to be carefully managed .
With governments in many developed countries now reaching the limits of their gap-filling capacity , three undesirable possibilities loom large -LRB- in addition to the desirable possibility that they will have no choice but to undertake long-postponed reforms that will create sustainable growth with less need for government buffers -RRB- .
In theory , this is what democracy is all about -- policy responding to the needs of the people .
But , if politicians are to become less anxious about jobs , perhaps we need to start discussing whether jobless recoveries are here to stay , and whether the US safety net , devised for a different era , needs to be modified .
In fact , one does not even need to look outside the US for examples .
The broader implication is that we need to look beyond greedy bankers and spineless regulators -LRB- and there were plenty of both -RRB- for the root causes of this crisis .
America needs to tackle inequality at its root , by giving more Americans the ability to compete in the global marketplace .
If not , what should the world do to reduce the need for them ?
Alternatives do need to be explored , including more efficient use , diversification into more easily accessible substitutes , and reduction of overall consumption -LRB- though in all these cases , it is easier to deal with energy shortages than food shortages -RRB- .
Even though the world economy is desperately in need of rebalancing , their declaration was deliberately vague enough to accommodate any set of domestic policies that countries might choose .
So we are caught between a financially unsustainable pattern of global demand and the need for politically difficult changes in many countries ' domestic policies .
Obviously , we need more political support for that agenda .
If the IMF reoriented a substantial portion of its activities towards influencing the influential among the world 's public , it could have far more impact on global macroeconomic policy , especially policies followed by countries that do not need its loans , than it does today .
Few people are needed to extract oil .
With the help of some loyal -LRB- and foreign -RRB- engineers and enough new workers to replace strikers , the government kept the oil flowing , securing the resources needed to maintain the loyalty of mercenary forces who would otherwise have gone over to the opposition .
The need for reliable suppliers during the Korean War forced a compromise with the Zaibatsus . This partly explains why Japan 's domestic market remains uncompetitive despite its vibrant democracy .
In these regions , higher rates of corruption and tax evasion , together with smaller average firm size , undermine the production of credible information that financial markets need .
With the rising contribution of services to global GDP , now is the time to reassess the need for travel to work .
Service-sector workers commute daily , only to be present in an environment that has no economic need for them , for they are facilitating information exchange far more than exchange of physical goods .
Do we really need to bring together so many people for so little gain and at such a high cost ?
Whereas the outsourcing phenomenon is attenuating the need for labor migration , domestic migration can be limited further by the use of home offices , which can eventually reduce stress on real estate , public transport networks , roads , and airports .
In time , the IAEA became a nuclear brain bank , assisting developing countries with their peaceful nuclear needs .
It has pressed for multinational nuclear fuel facilities that would eliminate the need for national installations that draw proliferation concerns .
Dimona has produced all the plutonium that Israel reasonably needs , and the reactor -- one of the world 's oldest -- has suffered minor mishaps and evident deterioration , raising the specter of more serious accidents .
As Council president , France , which shares America 's views about the need to strengthen sanctions on Iran 's government , can raise the matter , something that China eschewed during its tenure in January as Council leader .
We need , therefore , to revisit today 's global challenges from a Third-World perspective .
If we are to close the global gap in personal security and economic well-being , the community of nations will need to cultivate a new ethos of mutual responsibility .
This is why it needs a concert of powers to sustain its fragile stability .
Gusmão will now need to prove himself at the head of an inexperienced government .
Timor-Leste is still only an observer in the ASEAN family , but it appears able to grasp -- far better than Myanmar , an ASEAN member state -- the need for a rules-based ASEAN that stands for democratic governance even in the most difficult of circumstances .
Substantial redeployments of US military forces and assets , triggered by the need for additional troops in Afghanistan and ongoing problems over the US-Japan status-of-forces agreement , are already taking place .
All three parties involved will need to tread with care to make certain that the thaw in China-Taiwan relations is not set back by this proposed arms deal .
For , if Asia is to begin to build the type of dense institutional infrastructure that has brought Europe peace and prosperity , the flashpoint between China and Taiwan will need to be transformed into a foundation stone of regional cooperation .
Soon afterwards , a consensus formed among many Asian leaders that broader cooperation and coordination was needed .
Of course , the governments of both countries recognize the need to maintain the stability and cooperation that have made East Asia the world 's fastest growing region .
What is needed , above all , is a covenant among the leaders of the Asia\/Pacific region that will make peaceful dispute resolution binding on all stakeholders , big or small .
Only such a pledge can provide the type of certainty that investors -- any investors -- will need if the Spratly resources are to be developed .
The world needs peace , countries deserve development , and people want cooperation ... China will always be a good neighbor , good friend , and good partner of other Asian countries . ''
It is past time to make those sentiments a reality ; more than a pledge to resolve disputes peacefully is needed .
Pax Asia-Pacifica 's institutions will need to be built , as Europe 's peace was built after World War II , on strong , cooperative undertakings among the most powerful countries and regional blocs -- the US , China , Japan , India , South Korea , Russia , and the ASEAN 10 .
How much more proof do we need before we act ?
There is also a strong need for supporting long-term capital flows to emerging economies to stimulate investment further , particularly in their infrastructure sectors , thereby injecting much-needed additional demand into the global economy .
While the public sector will continue to play an important role , given the massive investment required , substantial private investment -- including foreign investment -- would be needed to address India 's huge `` infrastructure deficit '' and the financing gap that accompanies it .
At the same time , we need to invest in our human capital , supporting the development and upgrading of the workforce 's skills and capacity for innovation .
Doing so would not only sustain the growth momentum of these economies , but would contribute to global recovery by generating much-needed additional demand in the developed countries .
While the emerging economies ' global role will inevitably grow in the coming years , this shift will need to be anchored in a cooperative partnership with the developed world .
To be viable , a state needed to be large enough to defend itself and to constitute a relatively self-contained economic market .
Abstract for a second from the idea of French or German or Italian identity , patriotism , the collective memories of war and carnage that cemented the consciousness of today 's linguistic communities and think of this : why do Europeans need an intermediate level of government , between the common European framework and their local institutions ?
Why do Piemontese , Bavarians , or Scots need intermediate national bureaucracies to run their tax policies , welfare programs , securities laws , and the largely useless , duplicative armies ?
There are , however , a number of questions that need further deliberation .
Annual profits have since risen to £ 190 million , but 6,000 workers have been laid off and both costs and waiting times for AA members needing its vehicle repair and recovery services have increased .
At the EU 's autumn summit , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy agreed in a joint statement that more transparency is needed in financial markets .
There is a need to set a limit on the amount of debt that a company can accumulate , and change acquisition and merger legislation to include leverage .
There is also a need to protect our pension savings , which are now heavily invested in private equity .
In short , we need a proper supervisory system for the financial services sector in Europe .
There is still a lot of talking to do . Serious discussions are needed to reach EU-wide and inter-governmental agreements , and to encourage the US to move in the same direction .
At the same time , much more needs to be done to help prevent future crises and reduce poverty .
Countries need to reformulate their energy policies - including by boosting production and refining capacity , diversifying energy sources , and giving new impetus to conservation .
We need to communicate our positions clearly to policymakers and reinforce incentives for countries to take appropriate corrective actions .
Strong political commitments are needed to provide the aid that is needed to accelerate progress , and to secure success for the Doha trade round that is so crucial for developing countries ' longer-term prospects .
Nevertheless , the debt relief now being implemented will only provide a small part of the assistance , both financial and technical , that low-income countries need to meet the MDG 's .
Donors must provide the help that developing countries urgently need .
But a sense of urgency is needed .
But for such cooperation to be effective , the international community needs the right tools .
Few countries need to borrow from the IMF -- a highly positive trend .
The international community needs a setting where it can debate the most sensitive economic issues , including -- but certainly not limited to -- exchange rate issues .
Nobody needs do anything differently -- except take the tablets .
They do n't need to spend money on prevention programs to address the psycho-social problems -- overwhelming stress , poverty , discrimination , child neglect and abuse , and loneliness , to name but a few -- that research has repeatedly demonstrated play a large role in undermining mental health .
But , while System II choices may be more effective than System-I decisions , they are more `` expensive '' to make : one needs data , analysis , and concentration .
More disturbingly , coal , oil , and gas are projected to supply most of the world 's growing energy needs for decades to come .
During the past few years , Colombia has become one of the three most attractive destinations for foreign investment in Latin America , allowing it to cover a significant part of its external financing needs this year .
The government did not set aside resources while things were going well , and now it does not have the fiscal space needed for an aggressive boost to public spending of the type that many other governments are attempting .
We need a way to bail out good banks but allow bad banks to fail .
These purchases would need Treasury support , since this tactic is in effect a fiscal policy , not a monetary policy .
We need not tolerate 9 % unemployment as the new normal .
But , although Madoff was only the tip of the iceberg of rampant financial malfeasance , most suspect financiers need not fear arrest , either because their behavior merely skirted the law , or because financial impropriety more subtle than outright fraud is often difficult to prove .
Doubters need only recall the unwillingness of Secretary General after Secretary General , from U Thant to Kofi Annan , to meet with -- or , in some cases , even to permit on the UN 's premises -- victims of human rights violations who had the misfortune of being born in powerful countries .
Foreign Minister Kouchner calls international conferences , speaks of establishing contact groups , and of the need for deliberate action .
That needs to change -- before it 's too late .
Indeed , China 's dilemma is emblematic of one of developing Asia 's greatest challenges : the need to tilt the growth model away from external toward internal demand .
But more than higher growth in income from labor will be needed to boost Chinese private consumption .
That issue frames the third major component of the new Plan 's pro-consumption agenda -- the need to build a social safety net in order to reduce fear-driven precautionary saving .
NEW HAVEN -- Asia needs a new consumer .
That could happen in the US if Washington continues to favor policies that condone the reckless excesses of the recent past and inhibit the deleveraging and balance-sheet repair that America 's zombie consumers now need for post-crisis healing .
In a post-crisis world -- impaired by America 's zombie consumers -- export-led Asia is in serious need of a pro-consumption rebalancing .
At the same time , it recognizes the need to address these geopolitical tensions .
Some Americans argued that the US no longer needed allies .
But we need capabilities that are different from those needed during the Cold War .
We need forces that react more quickly , reach further , and can remain in the field longer .
These facts illustrate better than anything the need for security partnerships that extend to Central Asia and across the Mediterranean .
If we are to make reforms sustainable and ensure that they truly protect human rights , we need effective institutions of government .
Even the world 's richest nation , the United States , struggles to implement much needed reforms for some of its most important social institutions -- including its health and education systems . Think how much more difficult this challenge is for the world 's developing nations .
What is needed now are leadership , resources , a greater sense of urgency , and commitment to the long-term efforts that must dedicated to ensuring that the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration are not only recognized universally , but respected as well .
A deeper shared purpose is needed .
To be elected President of France , one needs more than charisma , a good program , and a strong political party .
Sarkozy is announcing that he is an economic `` regulator , '' not a global liberal convinced that today 's balance of market forces is optimal , and thus that no intervention is needed .
Every four or five years , the legitimacy of the system needs to be confirmed by elections .
But the original Bretton Woods framework was not built in a day ; indeed , the 1944 conference was preceded by two and a half years of preparatory negotiations , which is probably the minimum needed to decide such weighty issues .
Second , new regulations are needed once the system revives , because if it remains the same way , it will only produce new crises .
The third task is to focus on real economic activity , end the recession , sustain growth , and , above all , reform the capitalist system to make it be less dependent on finance . Long-term investments , not short-term profits , and productive work , rather than paper gains , need to be supported .
After all , if the economy is to grow again , banks need borrowers , but the recession has led entrepreneurs to cut their investments .
Indeed , there is still no consensus that this needs to be done . Yet the G-20 has opened the way to discussion of these fundamental issues .
France urgently needs structural reforms -- and thus a strong government .
First , the public is increasingly aware that urgent and straightforward policies are desperately needed in the areas of pension and healthcare payments , and in state organization .
But it needs great doctrinal clarity , a firm political will , and a constitution .
Of course -- indeed , above all -- in such circumstances the immense investments needed to overcome underdevelopment and the disabilities that it entails are increasingly forgotten by the world of international finance .
Private incentives always need to be aligned with social costs and benefits if productive efficiency is to be achieved .
In other words , we need to distinguish between stimulating economic growth and sustaining it .
We need to develop a framework for `` growth diagnostics '' capable of pinpointing where even a little reform can go a long way .
To understand what is going on , we need a different explanation of what keeps investment and growth low in most poor nations .
What businesses in these countries need is not necessarily more finance , but the expectation of larger profits for their owners .
Managing the exchange rate becomes much more difficult when capital is free to come and go as it pleases . But it is not impossible -- as long as policymakers understand the critical role played by the exchange rate and the need to subordinate capital flows to the requirements of competitiveness .
While the central bank bears a good part of the responsibility , it needs support from other parts of the government , most notably from the finance ministry .
This means that the fiscal authorities have a big responsibility : to target a structural fiscal surplus that is high enough to generate the space needed for real exchange rate depreciation .
Equally important , the central bank needs to signal to the public that it now cares about the real exchange rate , because it is important to exports , jobs , and sustainable growth .
The central bank does need to have a view , updated over time , about the exchange rate 's appropriate range , and it should signal when it thinks the currency is moving in the wrong direction .
Instead of relying on fads emanating from abroad , we need to experiment and look for the unique solutions that will allow us to circumvent ingrained social structures that inhibit growth .
They need to identify priorities and opportunities , and work on them .
What matters at any point in time is to alleviate a society 's immediate binding constraints -- another reason why different policies are needed for different places .
What we need is selective , well-targeted reforms , not a laundry list .
Two kinds of institutions in particular need shoring up : conflict management institutions to enhance economies ' resilience to external shocks , and institutions that promote productive diversification .
We now realize even the most sophisticated market players were clueless about the new financial instruments that emerged , and no one now doubts that the financial industry needs an overhaul .
As the rescue of Bear Stearns shows , the government may need to bail out private institutions to prevent a panic that would lead to worse consequences elsewhere .
There is a simple prudential principle at work here : because our ability to monitor and regulate behavior is necessarily imperfect , we need to rely on a broader set of interventions .
But , as Spence puts it with regard to economic reform itself , you need to take small steps in order to make a big difference in the long run .
The first three decades after 1945 were governed by the Bretton Woods consensus -- a shallow multilateralism that permitted policymakers to focus on domestic social and employment needs while enabling global trade to recover and flourish .
If globalization is to survive , it will need a new intellectual consensus to underpin it .
Rich countries have demanded sharp cuts in import tariffs by developing countries such as India and Brazil in return for phasing out their farm subsidies . -LRB- Why they need to be bribed by poor countries to do what is good for them is an enduring mystery . -RRB-
Even so , the explosion in the quantity of collateralized debt obligations and similar securities went far beyond what was needed to sustain mortgage lending .
Emerging markets need foreign currency and , therefore , external support .
What needs to be done is clear .
If necessary , the IMF can issue special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- to generate the global liquidity needed .
In fact , China , with its need for high growth to pay for social peace , may be the country most at risk from a severe global downturn .
In trade , the current round of global negotiations has demonstrated that if rich nations want developing nations to cooperate , they will need to let them shape the rules of the game .
Developing nations also need to enshrine the notion of `` policy space '' in the World Trade Organization . The goal would be to ensure that developing countries can employ the kind of trade and industrial policies needed to restructure and diversify their economies and set the stage for economic growth .
Developing nations will need to be more understanding and responsive to legitimate concerns in rich countries , and be more willing to pay for some global public goods .
The largest developing nations -- China , India , and Russia -- will need to shoulder some of the burden of reducing greenhouse-gas emissions .
But America 's circumstances are sufficiently exceptional that he will need advisers who are willing to try new , untested ideas -- in other words , experimentation à la FDR .
Experts on China differ on the rate of economic growth needed to create employment for the millions of Chinese who flock into the country 's cities every year .
When domestic needs become paramount , global economic cooperation suffers .
So far , the IMF has reacted with newfound vigor , establishing a much-needed short-term lending facility , which may well need to be expanded if emerging markets come under greater pressure .
Policymakers need to shed received wisdom and forget useless dichotomies such as `` markets versus government '' or `` nation-state versus globalization . ''
The real question is not whether capitalism can survive -- it can -- but whether world leaders will demonstrate the leadership needed to take it to its next phase as we emerge from our current predicament .
As the current crisis has demonstrated yet again , capitalism needs stabilizing arrangements such as a lender of last resort and counter-cyclical fiscal policy .
All that governments needed to do to ensure the division of labor was to enforce property rights , keep the peace , and collect a few taxes to pay for a limited range of public goods .
Through the early part of the twentieth century , capitalism was governed by a narrow vision of the public institutions needed to uphold it .
It is that we need to reinvent it for a new century in which the forces of economic globalization are much more powerful than before .
Just as Smith 's minimal capitalism was transformed into Keynes ' mixed economy , we need to contemplate a transition from the national version of the mixed economy to its global counterpart .
So is economics in need of a major shake-up ?
If anything needs fixing , it is the sociology of the profession .
Sadly , in view of today 's needs , macroeconomists have made little progress on policy since John Maynard Keynes explained how economies could get stuck in unemployment due to deficient aggregate demand .
Developing nations grudgingly took its advice , while advanced nations , not needing the money , ignored it .
These countries did not want to be recipients of capital inflows , because they realized that this would wreak havoc with their need to maintain competitive currencies .
Will developing countries ' need to generate large increases in the supply of industrial products inevitably clash with the world 's intolerance of trade imbalances ?
Their growth potential need not be severely affected as long as the implications of this new world for domestic and international policies are understood .
If globalization does not get the fix it needs , economic prospects will be dim for rich and poor countries alike .
The conundrum of global reform is that the proposals that go far enough , such as establishing a global financial regulator , are wildly unrealistic , while those that are realistic , such as reform of the IMF , fall far short of what is needed .
Mercantilism Reconsidered CAMBRIDGE -- A businessman walks into a government minister 's office and says he needs help .
In this model , the economy needs a state that eagerly lends an ear to business , and , when necessary , greases the wheels of commerce by providing incentives , subsidies , and other discretionary benefits .
But what the world needs is a Fed chairman who is instinctively skeptical of financial markets and their social value .
Here are some of the lies that the finance industry tells itself and others , and which any new Fed chairman will need to resist .
For all of these problems we will need other macroeconomic and financial remedies .
But , before we relax , let 's remember that we still have not addressed the central challenge the world economy will face as the crisis eases : the inevitable clash between China 's need to produce an ever-growing quantity of manufactured goods and America 's need to maintain a smaller current-account deficit .
What an irony that more than 60 years later we need to undergo the same shift in mindset .
They are the only way to reconcile China 's continued need for industrialization with the world economy 's requirement of lower current-account imbalances .
`` We need to have coordination , '' he said .
But the practical reality is that it can not deliver the tough regulations , closely tailored to domestic economic and political requirements , which financial markets badly need in the aftermath of the worst financial upheaval the world economy has experienced since the Great Depression .
The IMF 's change of heart is important , but it needs to be followed by further action .
Second , industrial policy needs to rely on both carrots and sticks .
The same principle needs to apply to all government efforts to spawn new industries .
Government incentives need to be temporary and based on performance .
Third , industrial policy 's practitioners need to bear in mind that it aims to serve society at large , not the bureaucrats who administer it or the businesses that receive the incentives .
To guard against abuse and capture , industrial policy needs be carried out in a transparent and accountable manner , and its processes must be open to new entrants as well as incumbents .
CAMBRIDGE -- The $ 140 billion support package that the Greek government has finally received from its European Union partners and the International Monetary Fund gives it the breathing space needed to undertake the difficult job of putting its finances in order .
They understood that democratic countries would need the space to conduct independent monetary and fiscal policies .
European leaders always understood that economic union needs to have a political leg to stand on .
Now its economic project lies in tatters while the leadership needed to rekindle political integration is nowhere to be seen .
The poorer an economy 's growth prospects , the larger the fiscal correction and deleveraging needed to convince markets of underlying solvency . But the greater the fiscal correction and private-sector deleveraging , the worse growth prospects become .
So Europe needs a short-term growth strategy to supplement its financial-support package and its plans for fiscal consolidation .
If you want to keep borrowing money , you need to convince your lender that you can repay .
Today , they worry about spineless governments unable to take the tough actions needed to deal with the crisis .
But to make good use of this maneuvering room , policymakers need to articulate a coherent , consistent , and credible account of what they are doing , based on both good economics and good politics .
Their storyline needs to convince their electorates as well as the markets .
Moreover , slow growth in the advanced economies need not exert a drag on developing countries ' performance .
For too many of these countries , economic growth in the last two decades relied on a combination of two factors : a natural rebound from previous financial crises -LRB- as in Latin America -RRB- or political conflicts and civil war -LRB- as in Africa -RRB- , and high commodity prices . Neither can be relied on for the productive transformation that developing countries need .
China , in particular , needs to confront the fact that the rest of the world will not allow it to run a huge trade surplus forever .
The eurozone was too integrated for cross-border spillovers not to cause mayhem in national economies , but not integrated enough to have the institutional capacity needed to manage the crisis .
A political regime that can handle these pressures need not be democratic in the Western sense of the term .
It needs a nudge in the appropriate direction , especially when a country has a strong comparative advantage in natural resources .
In principle , low post-crisis growth in the advanced countries need not impede poor countries ' economic performance .
It is not that economic principles work differently in different places , or need to be tailored to local conditions .
What the world needs right now is less consensus and more experimentation in the service of such strategies .
Much of that employment will need to come from manufacturing .
Everyone agrees that the country 's public debt is too high and needs to be reduced over the longer term .
The US economy needs a second round of fiscal stimulus in the short term to make up for low private demand , together with a credible long-term fiscal-consolidation program .
While the need for fiscal unification is increasingly recognized , it is not clear whether European leaders are willing to confront its ultimate political logic head-on .
In fact , the kind of markets that modern economies need are not self-creating , self-regulating , self-stabilizing , or self-legitimizing .
To make good lemonade , you need to mix it with water and sugar .
Politically , too , a similar reality check is needed .
First , it highlights the importance of credibility and the need to manage expectations .
This underscores the need for creative thinking on credibility-enhancing mechanisms as an integral part of reform .
That question is increasingly urgent as wealthy countries-as well as many transition and developing economies-attempt to create the robust securities markets needed to boost investment , productivity , and growth .
American courts in the nineteenth century were notably corrupt , sometimes incompetent , and often irrelevant , yet stock and bond markets grew , and continent-spanning firms rose up and got the financing they needed to operate , expand , and industrialize the US economy .
To understand Hamilton 's achievement -- and thus to appreciate its significance for our own times -- we need to understand the scale of the Revolutionary War debt crisis .
Some states lacked the resources to pay . Others tried to pay but would not levy the taxes needed to do so .
Both thought that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected .
And Hamilton needed Congress to approve the federal government 's assumption of the states ' debts , which at first seemed unlikely .
Europeans , too , know a new balance that needs to be struck .
After the company needing currency-risk protection makes its euro-dollar trade with a bank , each of them turns its side of the trade over to the clearinghouse .
When the bank has many trades on the clearinghouse 's books , the clearinghouse is fine if these trades net out to about zero ; systemic risk , regulators insist , is thereby reduced , because the financial system need n't worry about collecting the debts , one-by-one .
There are huge resources of fresh water , but most is in ice sheets and glaciers , with only a small percentage readily available where and when we need it .
This image of austerity appeals to the emotional need for stories with villains .
The IMF really does need to listen to its critics and constantly to seek better ways to accomplish its aims .
Yes , the IMF needs many changes , as does the broader international financial system within which it operates .
Countries ' need for better infrastructure is no license to throw prudence out the window .
But when the world 's finance ministers recover from their April shock therapy , they also need to look at the opportunities .
So it is a shame that these meetings tend to be so scripted and dull , with so little room for the informality needed to make genuine progress on tough issues involving world peace and prosperity .
But if these meetings are ever to be really effective , we need a change in format to spice things up .
By my calculations , the dollar still needs to go down another 15 % if the US trade deficit is to go back towards balance .
It is not like the US government , running a huge deficit despite an economic boom , does not need the money .
The need for corrective measures to alleviate inequality is no excuse for inaction on global warming .
The new president , Felipe Calderón , has spoken of the need to break up Mexico 's monopolies .
Yet , if Brazil is to enjoy growth above the modest levels of the past few years , the country badly needs to reform its labor laws , open itself more to foreign trade , and improve the quality of its primary education system .
Over the long run , commodity exporters need to innovate just as much as manufacturers do in order to maintain profitability .
The incoming Democratic US Congress has signaled that free trade deals with Peru and Columbia need to be `` renegotiated . ''
I lean slightly toward the optimistic scenario , but investors and policymakers alike need to understand the ramifications of a return to more normal volatility levels .
Investors , especially , need to recognize that even if broader positive trends in globalization and technological progress continue , a rise in macroeconomic volatility could still produce a massive fall in asset prices .
Thus , European finance ministers , too , will not be keen to admit any need for major policy changes to deal with risks from financial globalization .
Unfortunately , the IMF is paralyzed by the need to confront some internal governance problems , the biggest of which is the lack of a sensible way to recalculate the voting shares of countries as their relative influence in the global economy evolves .
First , there is the long-standing litany of policy responses needed to deal with the global trade imbalances . These include greater fiscal discipline in the US , greater reliance on domestic demand in both Europe and Asia , and more flexible exchange rates in Asia .
Stable macroeconomic policies also need to be in place , while fixed exchange rates are to be avoided .
The claim that the World Bank needs an American president to ensure that the US keeps donating money is ridiculous . The annual cost of the US contribution to the World Bank , even taking into account off-the-books loan guarantees , is relatively minor .
The biggest question mark , though , is whether Zoellick will be able to hit the ground running and implement desperately needed reforms .
The idea that a big government-guaranteed global bank is needed to fill holes in private capital markets is laughable nowadays .
True , the Bank 's poorest clients have little access to private capital markets . By and large , however , the poorest countries need grants , not loans that they still wo n't be able to pay in 20 years .
Last but not least , the Bank needs to play a much bigger role in environmental issues and , in general , in promoting good international citizenship by both rich and poor countries . -LRB- Some of us have been proposing this for almost two decades . -RRB-
The world needs the World Bank a lot more than it needs another condominium .
But as health expenses start taking up a third of national income , healthcare socialism starts becoming just plain Marxism : to each according to his needs .
I foresee a series of interest rate cuts by the Fed , which should not be viewed as a concession to asset markets , but rather as recognition that the real economy needs help .
This time needs to be different .
After decades of vilification by economists for raising unemployment and strangling growth , the union movement is now receiving backing from thought leaders such as Paul Krugman , who argues that stronger unions are needed to counter globalization 's worst excesses .
For years , I , along with many others , have complained that emerging markets need greater representation in global financial governance .
I beg to differ ; my reading of the evidence suggests that donors really do need to take extreme care not to make things worse , and that this is far more difficult to achieve in corrupt countries than the UN suggests .
An Inflation Reality Check CAMBRIDGE -- As inflation continues to soar everywhere , maybe the world 's central bankers need a jolt to awaken them from complacency .
But , with most economies in the Middle East and Asia in much stronger shape than the US and inflation already climbing sharply in most emerging-market countries , aggressive monetary stimulus is the last thing they need right now .
Besides , the US needs these investments to help re-capitalize its badly weakened financial system .
All this need not end horribly , but policymakers in most regions have to start pressing hard on the brakes , not the accelerator .
The world as a whole needs tighter monetary and fiscal policy .
It needs to provide an expanded form of deposit insurance during this time of turmoil , so that there are no more Northern Rock-style bank runs .
The government may also need to consider injecting funds more directly into the mortgage sector while the private sector reconstitutes itself .
Rich country governments , led by central banks , should provide the large scale funding needed to stem the run on developing country finances .
Without its own currency , the IMF is poorly positioned to intervene with the overwhelming force needed for lender-of-last-resort operations .
The rich countries , together with China and the Middle East oil exporters do indeed need to take bold steps to help out emerging markets , and the Fund has a useful role to play .
But China 's rulers know that their highly repressed banking system is vulnerable as the country continues to pursue gradual financial liberalization , and that foreign currency reserves may be needed for recapitalization .
Absent significant inflation , nominal house prices probably need to fall another 15 % in the US , and more in Spain , the UK , and many other countries .
If inflation rises , nominal house prices do n't need to fall as much .
All central banks need to do is to keep printing money to buy up government debt .
Japan may have taken what seemed like forever to recover from its 1990 's crisis , but it is an exception -- the crisis occurred as the Japanese economy needed to restructure in the face of the huge challenges posed by China 's emergence .
But does the Chinese government really have the tools needed to keep its economy so resilient ?
The immediate problem is a credit crunch not so much in China as in the United States and Europe , where many small and medium-size importers can not get the trade credits they need to buy inventory from abroad .
If government investment has to be the main vehicle , then it would be far better to build desperately needed schools and hospitals than `` bridges to nowhere , '' as Japan famously did when it went down a similar path in the 1990 's .
Unfortunately , China 's local officials need to excel in the country 's `` growth tournament '' to get promoted .
Schools and hospitals simply do not generate the kind of fast tax revenue and GDP growth needed to outperform political rivals .
Investors in the coming years will need to be persuaded to hold mountains of new debt .
But when it comes to tax and profit estimates , investors and politicians need to reorient themselves to the `` new normal '' -- lower average growth .
Despite Chinese official rhetoric about the need for a new global currency to replace the dollar , and US lawmakers ' flirtation with `` Buy American '' clauses -LRB- which scares everyone , not just the Chinese -RRB- , no one will want to rock a boat that has almost capsized .
A giant fiscal stimulus in both countries has helped prevent further damage temporarily , but where is the needed change ?
Since the beginning of this decade , at least a few economists -LRB- including me -RRB- have warned that the global trade and current-account imbalances needed to be reined in to reduce the chance of a severe financial crisis .
The shadow of forthcoming elections in Germany , together with concern over whether Irish voters will ratify the Lisbon treaty -LRB- giving Europe a badly needed new constitution -RRB- , has conspired to impede reform momentum .
Certainly , Europe would lose traction as a badly needed counterweight to the US in world economic policy .
Unfortunately , the conventional post-mortem on Lehman is wishful thinking . It basically says that no matter how huge the housing bubble , how deep a credit hole the United States -LRB- and many other countries -RRB- had dug , and how convoluted the global financial system , we could have just grown our way out of trouble . Patch up Lehman , move on , keep drafting off of China 's energy , and nothing bad ever need have happened .
There is acknowledgement that the US China trade relationship needs to be rebalanced , but little imagination on how to proceed . Deep down , our leaders and policymakers have convinced themselves that for all its flaws , the old system was better than anything we are going to think of , and that simply restoring confidence will fix everything , at least for as long as they remain in office .
The right lesson from Lehman should be that the global financial system needs major changes in regulation and governance .
But ultimately we need a system of global financial regulation and governance that merits our faith .
Cheap money from abroad juiced an already fragile financial regulatory and supervisory structure that needed discipline more than cash .
So far , China has looked to external markets so that exporters can achieve the economies of scale needed to improve quality and move up the value chain .
Yes , China needs to strengthen its social safety net and to deepen domestic capital markets before consumption can take off .
The good news is that most governments do see the need to implement significant new regulation on financial firms .
There is no way around the need for Dubai to restructure and prune its excesses before it can resume a more sustainable growth trajectory , though achieving this will take time .
But the government urgently needs to implement credible fiscal adjustment , concentrating not only higher taxation , but also on rolling back some of the incredible growth in government spending -- from 45 % of GDP to 52 % of GDP -- that occurred between 2007 and 2009 .
Nevertheless , Greece can avoid an Argentine-style meltdown , but it needs to engage in far more determined adjustment .
The country also needs to find ways to enhance the productivity of those workers it does have .
Now , the eurozone countries have agreed that the Fund can come into Greece and , presumably , Portugal , Spain , Italy , and Ireland , if needed .
These countries need to recognize that if the US and the UK do implement even modest reforms , a lot of capital will flow elsewhere , potentially overwhelming regulatory systems that seemed to work well until now .
With important reserves near populated areas , governments will need to temper their enthusiasm and think about the balance between risks and riches .
In Germany , the most urgent needs are for tax and labor-market reform .
So why does n't the public accept this need for flexibility , which , in the end , is what market-based economic liberalization is all about ?
How many wake-up calls do we need ?
With credit markets impaired , further quantitative easing may still be needed .
As for fiscal policy , it is already in high gear and needs gradual tightening over several years , lest already troubling government-debt levels deteriorate even faster .
Those who believe -- often with quasi-religious conviction -- that we need even more Keynesian fiscal stimulus , and should ignore government debt , seem to me to be panicking .
At the same time , emerging-market central banks need to accumulate gold reserves , which they still hold in far lower proportion than do rich-country central banks .
Exports are the best way out , but the US needs help .
Ultimately , a significant restructuring of private and\/or public debt is likely to be needed in all of the debt-distressed eurozone countries .
The Germans have been widely castigated for pointing out that Europe has no clear mechanism for sorting out sovereign -LRB- government -RRB- defaults , and that surely it needs one .
To resist these powerful pressures , fiscal councils will need to have their work audited periodically by international agencies such as the International Monetary Fund , both to protect their independence and to promote accountability .
These are times when central banks need to spend some of the credibility that they accumulate in normal times .
CAMBRIDGE -- As the eurozone crisis continues to deepen , the International Monetary Fund may finally be acknowledging the need to reassess its approach .
European officials ' incensed reaction -- the banks are fine , they insist , and need only liquidity support -- should serve to buttress the Fund 's determination to be sensible about Europe .
Having served as the IMF 's chief economist from 2001 to 2003 , I am familiar with the Fund 's need to walk a tightrope between building investor confidence and shaking up complacent policymakers .
But what Europe really needs is the kind of honest assessment and tough love that the Fund has traditionally offered to its other , less politically influential , clients .
The IMF needs to bring much more of this brand of skepticism to its assessment of eurozone debt dynamics , instead of constantly seeking strained assumptions that would make the debt appear sustainable .
Excessive leverage needs to be reined in .
There is , in short , ample reason to be angry at financiers , and real change is needed in how they operate .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
Let 's begin with why the euro needs to fall .
European attitudes may seem shortsighted to Americans , but it would need a lot of cajoling to change them .
In any case , the Stability Pact 's death means that a new fiscal framework is needed .
This means that new convergence criteria are needed too .
Of course , most economists believe that fiscal rules are needed to prevent some countries from free riding on low interest rates and running up debt to what would otherwise be unsustainable levels .
NATO needs Russia , and Russia needs NATO , and the US shift away from unilateralism has restored the importance of multilateral security institutions while giving NATO the chance to establish new partnerships with the EU and Russia .
The kind of approach that we need is exemplified by the work of the Euro-Atlantic Security Initiative , co-chaired by Sam Nunn of the US , Igor Ivanov of Russia , and Germany 's Ischinger .
The time is ripe to explore again limitations on conventional forces , and to adjust them to current rather than past needs .
The revived importance of multilateral security institutions is creating a new climate and new prospects for a security system that can meet the needs of the twenty-first century .
Most of these economies can avoid the worst if they implement the appropriate policy adjustments and if the international financial institutions -LRB- including the IMF -RRB- provide enough lending to cover their external financing needs .
Another $ 1.5 trillion is needed to bring banks ' capital back to pre-crisis level , which is needed to resolve the credit crunch and restore lending to the private sector .
Nationalization also resolves the too-big-too-fail problem of banks that are systemically important , and that thus need to be rescued by the government at a high cost to taxpayers .
Third , in countries running current-account deficits , consumers need to cut spending and save much more for many years .
For example , Chinese state-owned enterprises that gained access to huge amounts of easy money and credit are buying equities and stockpiling commodities well beyond their productive needs .
But a weaker euro would not eliminate the need for structural reforms ; otherwise , the benefits would go mostly to countries like Germany that undertook painful reforms to restore competitiveness via a reduction in relative unit labor costs .
Until credibility is re-established , the risk of a speculative attack on public debt -- reflected in the current rise in credit default swap spreads -- would linger , given the ongoing budget deficit and the need to roll over maturing debt .
The Greek authorities and the EU had until recently denied the need for financing , owing to concern that it would signal weakness and create a stigma .
Indeed , this was the trap faced by Argentina in 1998-2001 , when needed fiscal contraction exacerbated recession and eventually led to default .
If growth does not recover , the fiscal problems will worsen while making it more politically difficult to enact the painful reforms needed to restore competitiveness .
And , in order for the euro to fall far enough , the risk of default in Greece would need to be so large , and the contagion to sovereign spreads of PIIGS so severe that the widening of those spreads would cause a double-dip eurozone recession before currency depreciation could yield benefits .
So , despite revulsion on the part of Germany and the European Central Bank at the idea of a `` bailout , '' Greece needs large official financial support this year at rates that are not unsustainable to prevent its current illiquidity from devolving immediately into insolvency .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Reform without money on the table does not work , as nervous and trigger-happy investors would rather pull their money out if the country lacks the foreign-currency reserves needed to prevent the equivalent of a bank run on its short-term liabilities .
Eventually those large deficits and debts need to be reduced through higher taxes and lower spending , and such austerity -- necessary to avoid a fiscal crisis -- tends to slow economic recovery in the short run .
In the past years , such weekend all-nighters dealt with the needed bailouts of private firms -- Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , Lehman Brothers , AIG , bank rescues , etc. .
Governments that bailed out private firms now are in need of bailouts themselves .
While the right medicine needed to avoid fiscal train wrecks is well known , the main constraint to fiscal consolidation and discipline is that weak governments around the world lack the political power and willingness to implement austerity .
Political gridlock in Washington and in the United States Congress demonstrates the absence of the bipartisanship needed to address America 's fiscal issues .
Overspending countries are now retrenching , owing to the need to reduce their private and public spending , to import less , and to reduce their external deficits and deleverage .
Specifically , China and emerging Asia should implement reforms that reduce the need for precautionary savings and let their currencies appreciate ; Germany should maintain its fiscal stimulus and extend it into 2011 , rather than starting its ill-conceived fiscal austerity now ; and Japan should pursue measures to reduce its current-account surplus and stimulate real incomes and consumption .
Finally , the International Monetary Fund , the European Union , and other multilateral institutions should provide generous lender-of-last-resort support in order to prevent a severe deflationary recession in countries that need private and public deleveraging .
Countries that can still afford fiscal stimulus and need to reduce their savings and increase spending should contribute to the global current-account adjustment -- via currency adjustments and expenditure increases -- in order to prevent a global shortage of aggregate demand .
At the global level , the countries that spent too much -- the United States , the United Kingdom , Spain , Greece , and elsewhere -- now need to deleverage and are spending , consuming , and importing less .
Second , a fudged set of financial `` stress tests '' sought to persuade markets that European banks ' needed only ¤ 3.5 billion in fresh capital .
As fiscal austerity means more recessionary and deflationary pressures in the short run , one would need more monetary stimulus to compensate and more domestic demand growth -- via delayed fiscal austerity -- in Germany .
So a eurozone that needs fiscal austerity , structural reforms , and appropriate macroeconomic and financial policies is weakened politically at both the EU and national levels .
The Fed 's 25-basis-point cut in December was puny relative to what is needed ; similar cuts by the Bank of England and Bank of Canada do not even begin to address the increase in nominal and real borrowing rates that the sharp rise in Libor rates has induced .
To maintain growth , they need a nominal and real depreciation of their currency to reduce their trade deficits .
On the contrary , with their large external deficits , the PIIGS need a sharp depreciation to restore growth as they implement painful fiscal and other structural reforms .
A world where over-spending countries need to reduce domestic demand and boost net exports , while over-saving countries are unwilling to reduce their reliance on export-led growth , is a world where currency tensions must inevitably come to a boil .
Aside from the eurozone , the US , Japan , and the United Kingdom all need a weaker currency .
The final option is massive , large-scale , and permanent sterilized intervention -- or , equivalently , the use of sovereign wealth funds or other fiscal-stabilization mechanisms -- to accumulate the foreign assets needed to compensate for the effects on the currency 's value brought about by long-term inflows .
That way , if the economy needed another targeted fiscal stimulus in the short run , financial markets would not respond by driving up borrowing costs .
Certainly , the UK was playing with fiscal fire and needed some commitment to earlier austerity .
Thus , the current strategy of kicking the can down the road will soon reach its limits , and a different plan will be needed to save the eurozone .
So , even if these countries were to implement the necessary fiscal and structural reforms , an increase of official resources would nonetheless be needed .
Thus , a second set of policies and institutional reforms requires that all unsecured creditors of banks and other financial institutions need to be `` treated '' -- that is , they must accept losses -LRB- or `` haircuts '' -RRB- on their claims .
This is needed to prevent even more private debt being put on government balance sheets , causing a fiscal blowout .
Thus , orderly market-based restructurings via exchange offers need to occur in 2011 .
Finally , Europe needs policies that restore competitiveness and growth to the eurozone 's periphery , where GDP is either still contracting -LRB- Greece , Spain , and Ireland -RRB- or barely growing -LRB- Italy and Portugal -RRB- .
Countries with large current-account deficits need nominal and real depreciation -LRB- to sustain growth via net exports while ongoing private - and public-sector deleveraging keeps domestic demand weak -RRB- , whereas surplus countries -LRB- especially emerging markets -RRB- are using currency intervention to resist nominal appreciation and sterilized intervention to combat real appreciation .
To a visitor , this is evident in sleek but empty airports and bullet trains -LRB- which will reduce the need for the 45 planned airports -RRB- , highways to nowhere , thousands of colossal new central and provincial government buildings , ghost towns , and brand-new aluminum smelters kept closed to prevent global prices from plunging .
To avoid this fate , China needs to save less , reduce fixed investment , cut net exports as a share of GDP , and boost the share of consumption .
To ease the constraints on household income , China needs more rapid exchange-rate appreciation , liberalization of interest rates , and a much sharper increase in wage growth .
More importantly , China needs either to privatize its SOEs , so that their profits become income for households , or to tax their profits at a far higher rate and transfer the fiscal gains to households .
First , the problems of the eurozone periphery are in some cases problems of actual insolvency , not illiquidity : large and rising public and private deficits and debt ; damaged financial systems that need to be cleaned up and recapitalized ; massive loss of competitiveness ; lack of economic growth ; and rising unemployment .
It is no longer possible to deny that public and\/or private debts in Greece , Ireland , and Portugal will need to be restructured .
This implies using official resources like the EFSF not to backstop an insolvent Greece , but to recapitalize the country 's banks -- and those in Ireland , Spain , Portugal , Italy , and even Germany and Belgium that need more capital .
To reduce the risk of financial pressures on Italy and Spain , both countries need to press ahead with fiscal austerity and structural reforms .
Finally , the eurozone needs policies to restart economic growth on its periphery .
To revive growth , the ECB needs to stop raising interest rates and reverse course .
And Germany should delay its austerity plan , as the last thing that the eurozone needs is a massive fiscal drag .
Currency depreciation is not a feasible option for all advanced economies : they all need a weaker currency and better trade balance to restore growth , but they all can not have it at the same time .
Over time , advanced economies will need to invest in human capital , skills and social safety nets to increase productivity and enable workers to compete , be flexible and thrive in a globalized economy .
Infrastructure banks that finance needed public infrastructure should be created as well .
Official resources need to be tripled -- through a larger European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- , Eurobonds , or massive ECB action -- to avoid a disastrous run on these sovereigns .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
Appropriate use of official resources , including for recapitalization of eurozone banks , would be needed to limit collateral damage and contagion .
Instead , the advanced economies need a medium-term plan to restore competitiveness and jobs via massive new investments in high-quality education , job training and human-capital improvements , infrastructure , and alternative\/renewable energy .
Only such a program can provide workers in advanced economies with the tools needed to compete globally .
Even before the Great Depression , Europe 's enlightened `` bourgeois '' classes recognized that , to avoid revolution , workers ' rights needed to be protected , wage and labor conditions improved , and a welfare state created to redistribute wealth and finance public goods -- education , health care , and a social safety net .
Some of the lessons about the need for prudential regulation of the financial system were lost in the Reagan-Thatcher era , when the appetite for massive deregulation was created in part by the flaws in Europe 's social-welfare model .
So , to prevent a spiral of ever-deepening recession , the periphery needs real depreciation to improve its external deficit .
Unless the eurozone moves toward greater economic , fiscal , and political integration -LRB- on a path consistent with short-term restoration of growth , competitiveness , and debt sustainability , which are needed to resolve unsustainable debt and reduce chronic fiscal and external deficits -RRB- , recessionary deflation will certainly lead to a disorderly break-up .
Although Chávez has railed against outside interference in the referendum , he surely understands that its legitimacy needs to be guaranteed in the eyes of a watchful foreign press and other international observers .
It will need to mobilize a higher number of votes to force Chávez out of office than it collected to trigger the referendum .
But superficial repairs will not meet the European Union 's future needs .
But a much more profound re-think is needed .
So it is not surprising that the number of farmers needed has fallen substantially .
Viewed from the standpoint of food security and the wealth of rural areas , there is now an urgent need to revisit the CAP 's main instruments so that a new policy formula can be introduced .
1 . The EU needs a knowledge and innovation policy that strengthens European agriculture 's competitiveness .
2 . Europe also needs a restructuring policy for land use .
They could make a real contribution to cleaner , more productive , and efficient farming and land use , while addressing social needs .
There is an urgent need to reform global institutions -- and more dramatically than envisaged by the G-20 thus far .
We need a moderate-sized representative group of leaders of the world 's largest economies to meet regularly to discuss such issues , informed by an impartial secretariat that will place its analyses before the group .
But what about the need for a wider reckoning with the former regime ?
Unlike the UN tribunal for former Yugoslavia , which was established during the Balkan wars , a tribunal for Iraq would be more constrained by the need to avoid applying justice retroactively .
If the fate of Kosovo -- and the entire Balkan region -- is to be guided by the global rule of law , these questions need to be answered , not swept under the table .
To fulfill international justice today , we need a new kind of World Court , open to other voices .
Debt relief will doubtless make it easier for new regimes to proceed with much-needed policies to create jobs , improve infrastructure , and develop human capital .
But , where oppressive regimes are using foreign credit to postpone needed domestic political and economic reforms , that may be a good outcome .
Indeed , this capacity is essential because we need to leave behind the Manichean disagreements , conflicts , and fears of the Cold War era .
With Fatah demonizing Israel , rejecting compromise , demanding total victory , glorifying terrorist violence , and portraying moderation as treason , Hamas merely needed to prove that it was better at pursuing this course .
As wildly different as the two cases are , Fatah resembles the French monarchy before the revolution , incapable of learning from experience or taking the steps needed to avoid its own downfall .
The party will be able to form a government by itself , but will lack the two-thirds majority needed to bring about some of the big changes that it seeks .
The militants argue that a two-stage strategy is needed to defeat Israel .
This year , the writers unanimously made their theme the need to reform their own societies .
For 30 years after the 1967 war , Israelis agreed on the need to keep control of the West Bank and Gaza Strip unless or until there was a comprehensive peace agreement with the Palestinians and the Arab states .
Sharon formulated the answer in 2004 , concluding that Israel did not need the territories .
The need for reform , it argues , is not based merely on a desire for better government or abstract rights , but is necessary to save a country that is being strangled .
A time-out needs to be called so that the players , including President-elect Barack Obama , can negotiate a new bargain for the region .
Building up Afghanistan 's security forces is at most a stopgap measure , as the country can not sustain forces of the size that it now needs .
Obama will need firmly to support Pakistan 's fragile elected government as it tries to gain control over the army and intelligence apparatus and thus reverse decades of support for militants .
Fortunately he did not , because he had little patience for bureaucracy , long meetings , and the need to toe an official line .
He was among the most talented of men , and the warmest , generous with his time and himself , available for students and friends whenever they needed him .
That unity need not mean a uniformity of tactics or views , but rather a union of purpose .
The United States military , appropriately and of necessity , took the time needed to ensure that it had the facts before responding that the charges were untrue .
We need to consider the possibility of new organizations and programs that can serve a similarly valuable role in the War on Terror .
So the need to reform health and pension systems is similar in all of these countries .
A report for the Chair of the EU Commission by a team of experts led by Jacques Sapir argued explicitly for a reorientation of the Union 's `` cohesion '' policies eastwards , i.e. , in favor of those who most need them .
Conservatives sat back and benefited from the Left 's implosion , but `` overlooked the fact that their own need for discussion was as urgent . ''
As free trade and capital movements open up markets around the world , business interests have abandoned nationalism in favor of neo-liberalism . What was once needed to support the national state -- ethnic limitations , traditional culture , and religious taboos -- is no longer needed by business .
Even so , Fola 's ideal plan will reach only a small portion of those who need therapy .
The creation of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , together with US President George W. Bush 's recent proposal to add $ 10 billion in funds to fight HIV\/AIDS , mean that the financial weapons needed to wage the fight against this epidemic are beginning to arrive .
But more than conversation is needed .
Only when public health is deemed the highest priority will such infrastructure be created -LRB- or enhanced -RRB- and funds channeled to the neediest areas .
This is wrong on all counts : Africa is trapped in poverty , many countries are well poised to use aid effectively , and America 's contribution is tiny relative to Africa 's needs , America 's promises , and America 's wealth .
Blair 's Africa Commission , as well as the UN Millennium Project , found that Africa needs about $ 50 billion per year in aid by 2010 .
Yet official US aid to Africa is only $ 3 billion per year , and much of that covers salaries for American consultants rather than investments in Africa 's needs .
The best estimates show that Africa needs about 300 million bed nets , and that the cost per net -LRB- including shipping -RRB- is around $ 10 , for a sum of $ 3 billion .
In addition , Africa needs help with anti-malaria medicines , diagnostic equipment , and training of community health workers .
On economic isolation , Africa needs help with the basics -- roads and ports -- but there is also an opportunity to `` leapfrog '' technology .
No one doubts that intelligence operations and police actions are needed to fight terrorists .
For that , Americans need to be smarter , investing in peaceful development rather than military bases in long-abused lands .
Food yields per acre -LRB- or hectare -RRB- are inadequate because impoverished farm households lack some or all of the four inputs needed for modern and productive agriculture : soil-nutrient replenishment -LRB- through organic and chemical fertilizers -RRB- , irrigation or other water-management techniques , improved seed varieties , and sound agricultural advice .
These impoverished villages need financial help to buy vital inputs for farming and to invest in basic infrastructure such as roads and electrification .
Donors are rallying for food aid , but they are resisting the obvious need to help the poorest million farmers -LRB- and their four million dependents -RRB- get soil nutrients and improved seeds in time for the planting season this autumn .
The cost of sending such help would be around $ 50 million , and the benefits would be $ 200 million to $ 300 million in increased food production next year -LRB- and hence less needed in emergency food aid -RRB- .
Yet donors continue shipping expensive food aid while ignoring Malawi 's desperate need to grow more food .
Scientists and engineers who work on climate change stress that governments need to adopt two main responses .
Equipment and personnel needed to address the crisis were halfway around the world in Iraq .
Politicians around the world trade favors for cash needed to win elections , and they often use that cash to buy the votes of desperately poor people .
Of course , aid should be directed to specific needs -- for example , malaria control , food production , safe drinking water , and sanitation -- whose fulfillment can be measured and monitored to resist corruption .
As such , it must be reliable , predictable , and directed towards development needs in ways that can be monitored , measured , and evaluated .
Is it supporting real development needs , such as growing more food , fighting disease , or building transport , energy , and communications infrastructure ?
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
Will Morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing Bolivia 's vast natural gas reserves , as his government is rightly committed to do , in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment ?
Fewer debates over economics would be needed if the world spent more time examining what actually works and what does not .
American conservatives argue that a large public sector is subject to inefficiency and mismanagement , corruption , and bureaucratic abuse , while the taxation needed to support it blunts economic efficiency .
Yet bed nets and anti-malaria medicines do not reach the people who need them , because the people who need them are too poor .
We need not wait for the politicians .
We need to reject `` us-versus-them '' logic , in which Israel is pure and the Arabs are evil -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- .
We ca n't depend on our political leaders to do what is needed , because many of them are captives or promoters of extremist views .
Our independent media need to seek out voices not only of the warmongers who make so much noise , but also of civil society leaders whose voices we do not regularly hear .
American newspapers need to publish op-ed pieces not only by Americans `` interpreting '' the Middle East , but also by representative thinkers from the Middle East itself .
Scientists in Europe , the US , Asia , and the Middle East need to deepen their contacts and work together .
Yet all of these problems can be solved , especially if we make the needed investments in research and development .
Clearly , a new approach is needed .
Everywhere , politicians , generals , and even diplomats talk of military strategies and maneuvers , but everywhere something utterly different is needed .
Quick-impact economic development is exactly what is needed now to help end the horrific violence and suffering in Darfur .
For politicians in persistent denial about the need act , including US President George W. Bush , Australian Prime Minister John Howard , and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , there is no longer any place to hide .
We also need a regular scientific process to present the world with the evidence on species abundance and extinction , just as we now have such a process for climate change .
To salvage its credibility , the G-8 needs to make crystal clear - -- once again -- that it will honor its commitment to increase aid to Africa by $ 25 billion per year by 2010 .
Moreover , unlike in 2005 , the G-8 needs to present a plan of action .
Finally , recipient countries need to be informed about the year-to-year increases in aid that they can expect , so that they can plan ahead . The increased aid should be directed at building roads , power grids , schools , and clinics , and at training teachers , doctors , and community health workers .
Fortunately , what needs to be done is not complicated .
Peasant farmers need the benefits of fertilizer , irrigation , and high-yield seeds , all of which were a core part of China 's economic takeoff .
Two other critical investments are also needed : roads and electricity , without which there can not be a modern economy .
For 40 years , since the Six-Day War of 1967 , there has been one realistic possibility for peace : Israel 's return to its pre-1967 borders , combined with viable economic conditions for a Palestinian state , including access to trade routes , water supplies , and other essential needs .
Competing groups struggle to stay alive in the face of a shortage of food , water , pasture land , and other basic needs .
Both people and livestock need assured water supplies . In some areas , this can be obtained through boreholes that tap underground aquifers .
In still other areas , longer-distance water pipelines might be needed .
To build this export market , Darfur will need help with transport and storage , cell phone coverage , power , veterinary care , and technical advice .
If we are to reduce the risk of war , we must help impoverished people everywhere , not only in Darfur , to meet their basic needs , protect their natural environments , and get onto the ladder of economic development .
A worldwide effort is needed to understand changes in all parts of the world .
First , we should take seriously the need for a new climate-change accord when global negotiations begin in Bali , Indonesia this December .
We need new environmentally sound technologies in each of these sectors .
Buildings can reduce their heating needs through improved insulation , or by converting from heating oil to electricity produced by clean technology .
We will need a true global business plan that spells out how the new technologies are developed , tested , and adopted on an expedited basis worldwide .
Finally , Frazer argued that the two sides needed to compromise and share power .
This will cost , say , $ 30 per ton of CO2 that is stored , so businesses will need an incentive to do it .
Likewise , new regulations will be needed to ensure compliance with safety procedures , and to assure public support .
This raises another challenge of technological innovation : we will need to support the transfer of proven technologies to poorer countries .
We will need to embrace global goals and then establish scientific , engineering , and political processes to support their achievement .
We will need to give new budgetary incentives to promote demonstration projects , and to support technology transfer .
For example , solar power plants in America 's Mohave Desert could supply more than half of the country 's electricity needs .
Such `` carbon capture and sequestration , '' or CCS , is urgently needed in the major coal-consuming countries , especially China , India , Australia , and the US .
Global cooperation on energy technologies is needed both to increase supplies and to ensure that energy use is environmentally safe , especially to head off man-made climate change from the use of fossil fuels .
Of course , there were abuses , such as the allocation of public credits to richer farmers rather than to needy ones , or the prolonged subsidization of inputs even after farmers became creditworthy .
The time has come to reestablish public financing systems that enable small farmers in the poorest countries , notably those farming on two hectares or less , to gain access to needed inputs of high-yield seeds , fertilizer , and small-scale irrigation .
That 's achievable if the World Bank , donor governments , and poor countries direct their attention to the urgent needs of the world 's poorest farmers .
A new global growth strategy is needed to maintain global economic progress .
Looking ahead , the world economy will need to introduce alternative technologies that conserve energy , water , and land , or that enable us to use new forms of renewable energy -LRB- such as solar and wind power -RRB- at much lower cost than today .
The world needs global solutions for global problems , but the G-8 leaders clearly can not provide them .
These basic steps -- agreeing on global goals , mobilizing the financing needed to meet them , and identifying the scientific expertise and organizations needed to implement solutions -- is basic management logic .
We need scientifically literate politicians adept at evidence-based critical thinking to translate these findings and recommendations into policy and international agreements .
We need a global vision of sustainable recovery that includes leadership from China , India , Europe , Latin America , and , yes , even Africa , long marginalized from the world economy , but very much part of it now .
The adjustments needed amount to a sizeable deficit-to-balance swing of around $ 700 billion in the US current account , or nearly 5 % of US GNP .
Obama has emphasized the need for a `` green recovery , '' that is , one based on sustainable technologies , not merely on consumption spending .
Obama will need to put forward a medium-term fiscal plan that restores government finances .
Fourth , the world 's poor regions need to be seen as investment opportunities , not as threats or places to ignore .
This time we will need global cooperation .
Spain created a new MDG Fund at the United Nations to promote the cooperation needed within the UN to address the various challenges of the MDGs .
Once again , Spain is proposing practical and innovative means to move from talk to action , specifically to help impoverished peasant farmers to get the tools , seeds , and fertilizer that they need to increase their farm productivity , incomes , and food security .
They address a well-defined and serious challenge , for example low food production or a specific disease , and are based on a well-defined set of solutions , such as agricultural equipment and inputs needed by peasant farmers , or immunizations .
Leadership is needed , within the countries in need as well as among the rich nations that can help to launch and finance the solutions .
African farmers know that they need fertilizer ; they just ca n't afford it . With donor help , they can .
There is now widespread agreement on the need for increased donor financing for small farmers -LRB- those with two hectares or less of land , or impoverished pastoralists -RRB- , which is especially urgent in Africa .
The UN Secretary General led a steering group last year that determined that African agriculture needs around $ 8 billion per year in donor financing -- roughly four times the current total -- with a heavy emphasis on improved seeds , fertilizer , irrigation systems , and extension training .
In addition to direct help for small farms , donors should provide more help for the research and development needed to identify new high-yielding seed varieties , especially to breed plants that can withstand temporary flooding , excess nitrogen , salty soils , crop pests , and other challenges to sustainable food production .
Their scientific breakthroughs have helped to feed the world , and we 'll need more of them .
But the Bank does not yet have sufficient funds to meet these countries ' urgent needs , and has had to ration assistance to a small fraction of the flows that could be effectively and reliably used .
African countries search endlessly , and mostly fruitlessly , for the small amounts of funding needed for their purchases of fertilizer and improved seeds .
These pooled funds would enable farmers in poor countries to obtain the fertilizer , improved seed varieties , and small-scale irrigation equipment that they urgently need .
We need a breakthrough that is demonstrable , public , clear , and convincing , that can mobilize the public 's hearts and minds , and that can demonstrate success .
Global Macroeconomic Cooperation NEW YORK -- The world has yet to achieve the macroeconomic policy coordination that will be needed to restore economic growth following the Great Crash of 2008 .
But if the world cooperates effectively , the decline in consumer demand can be offset by a valuable increase in investment spending to address the most critical needs on the planet : sustainable energy , safe water and sanitation , a reduction of pollution , improved public health , and increased food production for the poor .
The world therefore needs to stimulate other kinds of spending .
One powerful way to boost the world economy and to help meet future needs is to increase spending on key infrastructure projects , mainly directed at transportation -LRB- roads , ports , rail , and mass transit -RRB- , sustainable energy -LRB- wind , solar , geothermal , carbon-capture and sequestration , and long-distance power transmission grids -RRB- , pollution control , and water and sanitation .
At the same time , impoverished countries have huge needs for infrastructure , especially roads , rail , renewable energy , water and sanitation , and for improved current delivery of vital life-saving services , including health care and support for food production .
Moreover , Japan can boost its own economy and those of the poorest countries by directing its own industrial production to the infrastructure needs of the developing world .
By directing resources away from rich countries ' consumption to developing countries ' investment needs , the world can achieve a `` triple '' victory .
These investments are needed in the short term to offset the decline in worldwide consumption spending that underlies the global recession .
More importantly , they are needed in the long term , because a world crowded with 6.8 billion people -LRB- and rising -RRB- simply can not sustain economic growth unless it adopts sustainable technologies that economize on scarce natural resources .
Governments generally lack the needed technical capacity to design such projects , opening up possibilities of favoritism and corruption when major contracts are awarded . Such charges are likely to be hurled at governments even when they are not true , though all too often they are .
What will be needed is an overhaul of the world economy towards sustainability .
Governments lose their legitimacy when they can not guarantee their populations ' most basic needs : safe drinking water , staple food crops , and fodder and water for the animal herds on which communities depend for their meager livelihoods .
But these responses overlook the underlying challenge of helping communities meet their urgent needs for water , food , and livelihoods .
Solutions will have to be found at all `` scales , '' meaning that we will need water solutions within individual communities -LRB- as in the piped-water project in Senegal -RRB- , along the length of a river -LRB- even as it crosses national boundaries -RRB- , and globally , for example , to head off the worst effects of global climate change .
Government officials also need the skill and flexibility to work with local communities , private businesses , international organizations , and potential donors .
Obama and his top advisers have spoken regularly about the need to address the underlying sources of conflict , including poverty and unemployment .
Addressing the problem of climate change requires reducing emissions of carbon dioxide from fossil fuels , which in turn involves choices in technology , some of which already exists and much of which needs to be developed .
For example , coal plants , if they are to remain a major part of the energy mix , will need to capture and store their CO2 , a process called `` carbon capture and sequestration , '' or CCS for short . Yet this technology remains unproved .
Similarly , we will need renewed public confidence in a new generation of nuclear power , with plants that are safe and reliably monitored .
We will need new technologies to mobilize large-scale solar power , wind power , and geothermal power .
We will need improved energy efficiency , through `` green buildings '' and more efficient appliances .
We will need to switch from cars with internal-combustion engines to hybrids , plug-in hybrids , battery-powered , and fuel-cell-powered vehicles .
To cut emissions sharply , the US will need to switch over this decade to a new fleet of automobiles , powered increasingly by electricity .
And the US will need a new power grid to carry renewable energy from low-density population sites -- such as the southwestern deserts for solar power and the northern plains for wind power -- to the high-density populations of the coasts .
We need to think hard , and collaboratively , about the world 's real technological options , and then pursue a common global framework that allows us to move into a new era , one based on feasible and sustainable technologies for energy , transport , industry , and buildings .
They are hungry because they lack the ability to buy high-yield seeds , fertilizer , irrigation equipment , and other tools needed to increase productivity .
A consensus has now been reached on the need to assist smallholders , but obstacles remain .
Stimulus packages are controversial , because they increase budget deficits , and thus imply the need to cut spending or raise taxes sometime in the near future .
The US has reached the practical limits of reliance on short-term stimulus spending , and will need to start cutting the budget deficit and fostering alternative pathways to growth .
Now the US needs to return to this important idea .
But the resulting economic slack gives us the historic opportunity -- and need -- to compensate for low consumer spending with increased investment spending on sustainable technologies .
We need to rethink the climate challenge as an opportunity for global brainstorming and cooperation on a series of technological breakthroughs to achieve sustainable development .
The idea this time around is to avoid the need for 67 votes , at least at the start , by focusing on domestic legislation rather than a treaty .
Sure , their states need some extra help , but narrow interests should not be permitted to endanger our planet 's future .
Powerful resistance to higher taxes , coupled with a growing list of urgent unmet needs , has led to chronic under-performance by the US government and an increasingly dangerous level of budget deficits and government debt .
There is little `` waste '' to cut from domestic spending , and many areas where increases in public spending are needed .
America , in fact , needs a value-added tax , which is widely used in Europe , but Obama himself staunchly ruled out that kind of tax increase during his election campaign .
The budget deficits could continue to prevent any meaningful action in areas of critical need .
Neither Haiti nor the world was properly equipped for this , and tens of thousands will die needlessly .
The world 's emergency-response systems -- especially for impoverished countries in zones that are vulnerable to earthquakes , volcanoes , droughts , hurricanes , and floods -- needs upgrading .
Large-scale capital investment will also be needed to re-equip the ports and to re-establish a power grid .
A clear strategy is needed to bolster the key sectors discussed above .
We therefore need money in the bank , and clear leadership .
We need urgently to transform our energy , transport , food , industrial , and construction systems to reduce the dangerous human impact on the climate .
The world needs true accountability , not empty words about accountability .
South Korea understands the utter seriousness of the global development agenda , and the poorest countries ' needs .
We need a practical strategy for overhauling two economic sectors that stand at the center of the global economy and involve the entire world 's population .
Part of Bhutan 's GNH revolves , of course , around meeting basic needs -- improved health care , reduced maternal and child mortality , greater educational attainment , and better infrastructure , especially electricity , water , and sanitation .
This focus on material improvement aimed at meeting basic needs makes sense for a country at Bhutan 's relatively low income level .
Their biggest and most compelling challenge is to meet citizens ' basic needs .
The question of how to guide an economy to produce sustainable happiness -- combining material well-being with human health , environmental conservation , and psychological and cultural resiliency -- is one that needs addressing everywhere .
Neither party even mentions the poor , who now officially make up 15 % of the population but in fact are even more numerous , when we count all those households struggling with health care , housing , jobs , and other needs .
Almost everybody complains , almost everybody aggressively defends their own narrow and short-term interests , and almost everybody abandons any pretense of looking ahead or addressing the needs of others .
Emerging economies , for the most part , avoided this disastrous over-borrowing . One reason , certainly , was the vivid memory in Asia of the 1997 financial crisis , which underscored the need for limits on bank borrowing and capital inflows .
The new G-20 development agenda offers an excellent way to merge concerns about global imbalances with the need to accelerate the pace of development in the poorer countries .
Rather than pushing their households to consume more , the G-20 should work harder to channel these savings to the poorest countries in order to finance urgently needed investments in infrastructure .
On the other hand , US taxes are chronically too low to support the level of government investment that is needed .
As a result , America 's total tax revenues as a share of national income are among the lowest of all high-income countries , roughly 30 % , compared to around 40 % in Europe . But 30 % of GDP is not enough to cover the needs of health , education , science and technology , social security , infrastructure , and other vital government responsibilities .
But even if America 's wildly excessive military budget is cut sharply -LRB- and politicians in both parties are resisting that -RRB- , there will still be a need for new taxes .
NEW YORK -- India 's great moral leader Mohandas Gandhi famously said that there is enough on Earth for everybody 's need , but not enough for everybody 's greed .
Middle Eastern countries should elaborate strategies to improve the quality and increase the length of schooling , invest in job training , establish private-sector apprenticeships , and develop small and medium-sized businesses . They should identify key infrastructure projects needed to ensure private-sector productivity .
As the EU shows , ancient enmities and battle lines can be turned into mutually beneficial cooperation if a region looks forward , to resolving its long-term needs , rather than backward , to its long-standing rivalries and conflicts .
Ban has tirelessly emphasized the need to put sustainable development at the center of our thinking .
Under Ban 's leadership , remarkable progress is being made , though as he emphasizes , even faster progress is both possible and needed .
The political boundaries exist as a legacy of the colonial era , not as the result of cultural realities and economic needs .
I do n't know whether Obama 's leadership might have found those votes , but I do know that the US has not mustered the national effort to respond effectively to the Horn of Africa 's needs .
When people are hungry , deprived of basic needs such as clean water , health care , and education , and without meaningful employment , they suffer .
As individuals , we are unhappy if we are denied our basic material needs , but we are also unhappy if the pursuit of higher incomes replaces our focus on family , friends , community , compassion , and maintaining internal balance .
It has also reduced poverty sharply in many emerging economies -- indeed , for this reason alone , the world economy needs to remain open and interconnected .
Yet globalization has also created major problems that need to be addressed .
The 2008 financial crisis started on Wall Street , but quickly spread to the entire world , pointing to the need for global cooperation on banking and finance .
The need for highly effective government in the era of globalization is the key message of my new book , The Price of Civilization .
Simply put , we need more government nowadays , not less .
Yet the role of government also needs to be modernized , in line with the specific challenges posed by an interconnected world economy .
For 30 years , the US has been going in the wrong direction , cutting the role of government in the domestic economy rather than promoting the investments needed to modernize the economy and workforce .
After three years in which his administration coddled corporate lobbyists , he has finally begun to emphasize the need for the rich to pay more taxes .
But too much of it is confronting us with dangers that we need to avoid .
But how can the benefits of a global patent system that provides incentives for innovation and new discoveries be combined with an assurance that poor people gain access to the medical care that they desperately need ?
This is particularly important in the case of AIDS , because the spread of drug resistant viruses and the unwanted side-effects of existing medicines , means that new anti-retroviral drugs will be needed to keep treatments effective .
To assure that , profits -- protected by patents -- are needed .
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
The reform prescriptions it followed helped end inflation but ignored the need for government to promote a knowledge-based economy .
Countries need strategies to foster education and innovation just as they need strategies to preserve macroeconomic stability and a healthy business environment .
Still , we need not stand idly by as repeat victims of financial market instability .
The following steps are most needed :
There needs to be confidence in the basic infrastructure of international trade and transport .
In the poorest countries , annual health spending is around $ 11 per person per year , while at least $ 33 per person per year is needed to provide minimal health services .
Rich countries must provide roughly $ 20 per person to close the gap . Instead they provide just $ 2 per person and nevertheless believe that they are meeting the needs of the poor .
Unfortunately , rich countries contribute around one-fourth of what is needed , that is , $ 6 billion rather than $ 25 billion .
It is time for the rich to promote real economic development through foreign assistance at levels commensurate with the needs of the poor and through open markets that allow the poor to export their way to greater prosperity .
Causation probably runs in both directions here : cultural factors may have impeded economic growth , while poor economic performance -LRB- say , bad economic policies and over-dependence on oil -RRB- may have slowed the adaptation of cultural practices to the needs of a modern economy .
Second , millions of impoverished people die tragic deaths each year from infectious diseases that are preventable and treatable simply because they lack access to the needed health services .
The main problem is that the scale of worthy efforts has been a shadow of what is needed .
A penny on ten dollars would make historic breakthroughs in health ; another penny on ten dollars could address the critical needs in education as well .
If the world - especially the US and other rich countries - shift a small amount of their military spending to meeting the needs of the world 's poorest people , our generation could free humanity from poverty 's iron grip .
Millions die each year of poverty - lives that could be saved if the poor had access to better health care , nutrition , and other essential needs .
Corruption is limited by the frequent alternation of power , since tyrants typically need many years to build up systems of mega-corruption , usually involving family and business associates .
Now , half-a-year later , the balance of responsibility needs to be reconsidered .
So it emphasizes the need for Argentina to cut budget expenditures .
The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB , and Malaria was started this year , but rich countries contributed less than one-tenth of the money it needs .
Every excuse is made to avoid giving what is needed .
As doctors patiently explain , what they are missing is medicine , because they lack the money to buy needed drugs .
We need a plan , says the US ; we can not throw money at the problem .
The US wo n't `` run out of dollars '' to service its foreign debts , in the same way that Argentina or Korea ran out of dollars needed to repay foreign creditors during the past decade .
Corporate abuses need to be exposed and punished .
The most important result of the Johannesburg Summit should be a recognition that more scientific research and much more global cooperation is needed .
It should begin with the most urgent task - meeting the basic needs of the world 's poorest peoples .
Once again , greater foreign assistance will be needed .
To now rule out Turkish membership in the EU would be needlessly provocative .
The report agonizes over the fact that for economic security reasons America needs Iraqi oil , but that for military security reasons the US ca n't allow Saddam to develop the oil .
The implication seems clear : the US needs a new Iraqi regime for its energy security .
The truth , as usual , is more complicated , and understanding it helps us to comprehend what will be needed if real peace is to be achieved .
A political response is therefore needed .
What is needed now is the quick withdrawal of US forces , and their temporary replacement by UN-led troops , which will hand power back to the Iraqi people .
Iraq 's long-term reconstruction does not need foreign financial assistance .
What it needs is a political settlement , and that will be possible only with the withdrawal of America 's occupying army .
In short , Iraq would not need official development assistance at all .
IMF officials deny responsibility for the upheaval , but have failed to provide an honest public appraisal of Bolivia 's urgent financial needs .
The US adventure in Iraq has squandered $ 150 billion over two years , while Bolivia received $ 10 million -- that 's right , $ 10 million -- in `` emergency '' help , a fifteenth or less of what was realistically needed to ease the intense economic crisis and help displaced peasants .
If the US really wants to undercut terrorism , it must recognize the interconnectedness of extremism , poverty , and environmental degradation , and it will need to understand the struggles for survival that are underway among the poor everywhere .
Poor countries , especially the democracies of the developing world -- Brazil , South Africa , India , Mexico , Ghana , the Philippines -- should say , `` We need to act on the issues that concern us , not just on the issues that concern the US . ''
What the world needs most in 2004 is a declaration of independence from American willfulness .
For Brazil to play a bigger role as regional economic leader , greater cooperation with its neighbors in suitable infrastructure projects and expanded markets will be needed .
Some alarmists declare that we need to drastically reduce energy use on a global scale , undermining the global economy .
The world 's largest energy users , starting with the US , Europe , China , Japan , and India , need to agree on collective actions to develop new technologies for carbon capture and storage , and for the affordable development and use of alternative energy supplies .
We need to make certain that market prices for energy use reflect the true social costs of using energy , so that energy users and energy suppliers make better choices regarding energy efficiency , the development of alternative energy sources , and the adoption of environmentally safe technologies .
Perhaps that lesson - the need to subject even the most powerful country to international law - will be one benefit of the otherwise disastrous war that the US launched in Iraq .
Chidambaram 's 2004\/2005 budget puts those fears to rest . The document is a brilliant lesson in development economics : it shows how to combine a full-speed ahead approach to market reforms with urgently needed attention to poverty .
The government proposes to equip these villages with the basic infrastructure and services they need to take off economically .
India will need some help , at least temporarily , from richer countries and international institutions like the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank .
Fortunately , a proposal by UK Chancellor Gordon Brown might provide the needed global breakthrough .
Instead of hearing more lectures from the IMF about cutting budgets , poor countries need larger budgets to pay for the required investments - roads , power supplies , ports , schools , and health clinics - to jump-start economic growth .
The IMF should spend less time telling the poorest of the poor to cut their spending , and more time telling rich countries to give more money to help the poor meet their investment needs .
The idea of the IFF is to guarantee that donor countries double their aid levels during the next decade , so that well-governed poor countries can make the investments they need to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
Most importantly , the world 's richest countries need to do much more to help the poorest countries make use of modern science and technology to solve these great problems .
Rich countries and poor countries need to join forces to cut poverty , disease , and hunger .
The world should therefore start this bold effort by focusing on the poor countries that are relatively well governed and that are prepared to carry out needed investments in an efficient and fair manner .
But Darfur , like Tigre , needs a development strategy to fight hunger and drought even more than it needs peacekeepers .
Rich countries need to lead the way .
In order to thrive , and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth , an economy requires functioning health and education systems , investments in soil nutrients and water management , and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport .
The dollar is weakening , as financial markets understand that the US will need to borrow huge sums from abroad for years to come .
The Bush administration claims that more research is needed before any action is taken .
But the effort needs to start now . As with Europe 's new carbon trading , all producers and consumers around the globe will need to face market incentives to adopt technologies and consumption patterns that slow -LRB- and eventually stop -RRB- the increase of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
We will all need to pay a `` market price '' when we contribute to global climate change , so that we give true economic incentives to sustainable energy systems and new public investments -- for example , mass transit -- that reduce greenhouse gas emissions and thereby head off future climatic disasters .
On the other hand , some influential Iranians -- led by former president Hashemi Rafsanjani -- recognize that relations with the US are inevitable , given Iran 's need to re-integrate into the international community and face its economic deficiencies .
First , how do you reach an accommodation with a regime that seemingly needs you as an adversary ?
If not , how can the needs of scientific credibility and public accountability be met ?
With no need to tax the public , Nigeria 's government has little incentive to provide services efficiently : oil revenues are manna from heaven and keep flowing regardless of what the public sector delivers .
The details for implementing our proposal need to be worked out by Nigerian politicians .
For example , a decision needs to be made as to whether the transfers go to each citizen or each household -LRB- a yearly check for each person in the family may have undesirable consequences on fertility as parents have children to collect checks -RRB- .
Also , Nigerians need to decide whether all beneficiaries receive equal shares , or whether those who face the environmental consequences of oil exploration and production -- for example , in the Nigerian delta -- should receive more .
With regard to parliament , there is no need to follow Lebanon 's rigid apportionment of seats according to confessional identity .
Beyond the balance of representation in parliament and government , a balance might need to be struck between the highest offices of state .
As in Lebanon , Iraqis might need to create a balance between the offices of president , prime minister , and speaker of parliament , and to agree that a leader of a different major community will occupy each .
This would reinforce the need for inter-communal cooperation and minimize the risk of a return to any form of communal domination or dictatorship .
Nevertheless , Iran also feels the need for accommodation with its adversaries .
The election also brings a much needed measure of stability and legitimacy to the governing March 14 coalition , which comprises the mainly Sunni Future movement , led by Saad Hariri -LRB- son of slain former Prime Minister Rafik al Hariri -RRB- , the Socialist party , led by Druze leader Walid Junblat , and a number of Christian parties .
What the West has most , and what the Arab world most needs , is education .
Although war is unlikely in the coming months , if sanctions on Iran do n't bear fruit by early 2011 , Israel might feel the need to act .
The WTO is at a crossroads . It sorely needs to liberalize trade progressively .
However , Robert Zoellick , President Bush 's Trade Representative , needs allies .
But for rebels to be reintegrated into society , jobs are needed .
There has also been administrative action against a few religious institutions for encroaching on public space - practically unheard of since official patronage of religious parties began in the 1970 's , when their cadres were needed in the war against the Soviets .
Whereas the devoutly religious Zia was useful for boosting religious Islamic sentiments against the Soviets , Musharraf is needed nowadays to contain those very forces , which threaten not just global security but Pakistan itself .
To achieve this , viable instruments are needed .
Today 's EU was built on concrete achievements , combining vision and the instruments needed to implement it .
Using oil or gas as a political weapon is easier said than done , of course , but this year 's renewal of the Russia-Ukraine gas dispute , and the resulting cut-off of supplies to much of the European Union , should concentrate minds on the EU 's need to disarm those who would use the energy weapon .
Major public as well as private investments will be needed to build links between various national pipeline grids .
Because a market in tradable liquefied natural gas -LRB- LNG -RRB- is emerging -- flows to Europe have more than doubled over the past decade and represent about one-quarter of the world 's total cross-border gas trade -- Europe will need to invest heavily in new LNG terminals as another alternative to Russian gas .
For example , the Baltic states need links to the Finnish and Polish grids to end their energy isolation .
Beyond these policy actions , Europe also needs to speak with one voice when dealing with monopoly suppliers such as Russia -- or , in the future , with an Iran that might one day become linked to the planned Caspian pipelines .
Europe 's leaders have a duty to tell their peoples what needs to be done to ensure a secure energy future .
Caught early and addressed promptly , leprosy need leave no trace .
If not , we will continue to face a dual tragedy : on one side , the thousands of patients who die each year for want of a kidney ; on the other side , a human-rights disaster in which corrupt brokers deceive indigent donors about the nature of surgery , cheat them out of payment , and ignore their post-surgical needs .
The truth is that trafficking will stop only when the need for organs disappears .
Until countries create legal means of rewarding donors , the fates of Third World donors and the patients who need their organs to survive will remain morbidly entwined .
Suppose a $ 500 million petroleum or copper contract needs to be negotiated .
But poor countries typically lack the funds needed to pay such a team 's fees .
The bottom line is that the investment climate for foreign direct investors is becoming less welcoming . While this is certainly not the dominant approach toward FDI , we need to be vigilant that it does not become so .
Like competitors elsewhere , they need to invest abroad to acquire a portfolio of local assets that give then better access to the markets , skills , technology , and natural resources that they need to protect and strengthen their international competitiveness .
Chinese FDI , like all FDI , can provide host countries with a bundle of tangible and intangible assets needed for economic growth and development .
In particular , they need to establish a strong reputation as good corporate citizens , in addition to making a positive economic contribution to their host countries .
Estimates suggest that Japan would need 10 million immigrants per year until 2050 just to maintain the ratio of workers to pensioners that it had in 1995 !
Second , exceptional efforts were needed , involving more than 100 countries , to mobilize the funds to cover repayment to the IMF of over $ 800 million of this debt .
This is needed to address the infrastructure bottlenecks that are holding back investment by companies in other sectors and slowing the development of agriculture .
All this might be seen as a predictable , conservative reaction to urgently needed reforms , were it not for the poor track record of the Sunni economic establishment , which for many years adapted well enough to Syrian domination .
In short , the West needs to pre-empt a resumption of hostilities in Lebanon by seeking unconditional talks between Syria and Israel over the Golan Heights .
We feel responsible , on a global level , for the environment , which is why we disagree with unilateral decisions by individual nations when such decisions ignore the needs of the rest of the world .
Decades later , the European Union still needs the binding power and legitimacy of its constituent nations , as well as of historical regional political structures within those nations , because a common European identity is emerging only slowly and can not yet justify a unitary constitutional structure .
The allies decided to accelerate their efforts to equip NATO with the forces and technologies it needs to perform twenty-first century missions , from the Balkans to Afghanistan .
Fifth , NATO enlargement and partnership . Although the Istanbul summit was the first to include NATO 's seven new member countries-Bulgaria , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Slovakia , and Slovenia-we gave a strong signal that the door remains open , and encouraged those who want to join to continue pursuing the reforms needed to make themselves ready for membership .
We need a coherent transatlantic effort to engage this region , and NATO will be part of that effort .
NATO and its members are already providing the essential security Afghanistan needs in order to make its aspirations for self-sustaining peace and prosperity a reality .
Contrary to popular opinion , the type of forces and capabilities needed by NATO are not as widely available in national inventories as one might think .
Large proportions of NATO allies ' armed forces are still better suited for static territorial defense than for the expeditionary type of operation needed in Afghanistan .
The last thing the country needs is to remain trapped in the past .
The country derives almost 76 % of its energy needs from coal , burning almost 2.2 billion tons of it in 2005 , with consumption set to rise to 2.6 billion tons by 2010 .
Party leaders may not become sufficiently attuned to the needs of China 's people to respond to problems like corruption , environmental degradation , or peasant unrest before crises make them unsolvable .
For a country steeped in millennia of Confucianism , the need for ethical leadership should be clear .
It was better to hush up the mass famine that killed 30 million people following the Great Leap Forward in the late 1950 's and early 1960 's than to seem to be in need of foreign help .
New stock markets are all too often little more than elite-manipulated casinos , leaving China without the capacity to form the kind of indigenous pools of investment capital needed to power its own development ;
For its part , Taiwan needs to calm down .
Even though Taiwan may have a `` right '' to independence , its leaders need to remind their people that provocative actions will gain them little .
Furthermore , strong international financial partners are indispensable to multinational corporations , which often need global cash management or support for large-scale transactions .
Thus , `` to test or not to test '' is not the first question that needs to be answered .
If , at this time , the answer is no , counselees do not need to waste time and money dealing with the test .
And we need to do so quickly if the EU is to deliver on its citizens ' expectations .
It also needs to speak with one voice on matters of foreign policy in order to play a more important international role in solving major conflicts and shaping a more peaceful and balanced world order .
Finally , the EU needs to promote social cohesion while adapting Europe 's social model to globalization 's challenges .
If not all the EU 's members are ready to take this path , flexible solutions of the sort that have been a feature of European compromise in the past may be needed .
In fact , the German political landscape needs nothing more than a truly liberal party , in the US sense of the word `` liberal '' -- a champion of the cause of individual freedom .
So no one in Europe needs to fear that the Czech Republic has some nostalgic or idiosyncratic agenda that it wants to impose on the Union .
On the contrary , events have imposed an agenda on Europe that we can not escape and for which solidarity -- true union -- will be needed .
To contain today 's financial and economic crisis , Europe will also need to continue the cooperation that it has shown up to this point .
Even more policy coordination will be needed both to confront the crisis and to re-establish EU norms once the storm clouds begin to dissipate .
These rules must eventually be restored intact if Europe is to return to the path of sustainable growth , and a consensus will need to be forged now to make that happen .
No doubt Maliki 's hard-line stance on the need for a firm timetable for the withdrawal of US troops was critical to Iran 's decision to throw its weight behind him .
The lesson that confidence-building measures averted a crash in 2000 was precisely the lesson that the financial system did not need to learn .
We need to know why some forms of collective irrationality gain a stronger grip on us than others .
It may thus appear naive and counterproductive to raise the bar and suggest that we need to go beyond trade and move investment to the top of our priority list .
Indeed , without returning to the illusion of economic planning , these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment , technological diffusion , strategic partnerships , and so forth . At the same time , developing countries may need to promote local private sectors and `` infant industries '' through temporary protectionist measures , which would help them to upgrade their output on the road to liberalization .
To be viable , such an agreement must recognize the legitimate need for some regulation .
It would also need to help poor countries cope with the quasi-generalization of `` social and environmental responsibility '' standards that are increasingly shaping corporate practices and consumer demand .
To succeed , a multilateral negotiation would also need to address the expectations of foreign operators , who want assurances that their investments are safe .
Despite the complexity involved and the need for technical assistance to the weakest nations in the negotiation , a multilateral investment agreement should be among the top priorities on the international agenda .
To remain relevant , the Bretton Woods institutions must fully adapt to the needs of the world 's rapidly emerging countries , and they can begin that process at this spring 's IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington .
But for that to happen , the latter two need a greater say .
A second round of adjustment will need to involve other fast-paced economies without crushing the voice of the poorest .
As for the World Bank , it does not need to `` reposition '' itself so much as to root itself in emerging countries , as does the development aid industry in general .
Its products need to be adapted .
Beyond this , more financial engineering is needed to draw upon the creativity of financial markets .
The planet 's most endangered ecosystems are located in developing countries , and thus depend on some of the world 's neediest communities for their preservation .
But in the developing world , immediate economic needs often override long-term imperatives , and protecting a fragile environment is rarely a priority at the national level .
Thus , what is needed is a means to reconcile the task of helping some of the world 's poorest people with that of protecting irreplaceable ecosystems .
The Fund , by delivering financial and technical assistance to people and places that need it the most , has helped create more than nine million hectares of new protected areas -- a region larger than Portugal .
This is the kind of progress the world needs if it is to address effectively one of the most pressing issues of our time : providing a healthy , sustainable planet for rich and poor alike .
If the global poverty reduction target is met , it will be due to high growth in emerging countries such as China or India rather than to a decline in absolute poverty in the neediest countries .
In areas such as health or education , the acceleration needed to meet the targets in many countries would be faster than anything we have witnessed in history .
While more action is needed to accelerate progress , a failure to achieve the MDGs by 2015 would not mean that they are worthless , or that aid is inefficient .
We also need instruments that are better suited to delivery of long-term international transfers .
The large numbers of human subjects in research are an outgrowth of the legitimate need for more and better health care throughout our ever-lengthening lifespans .
America needs a post-occupation strategy for Iraq and the Middle East , one grounded in a viable national security strategy for the twenty-first century .
As the US Defense Department 's `` Annual Report on the Military Power of the People 's Republic of China '' recently put it , `` The primary driving force for China 's military modernization is Beijing 's perceived need to prepare credible military options in any potential conflict in the Taiwan Strait . ''
Mao famously said : `` No need to apologize .
The country needs a new constitution -- one that enshrines genuine democracy .
We need to save our economic system from its abusers , or else .
The financial crisis should have mandated a running stress test to keep senior management up to date daily . Why , then , did the US need the government to conduct a financial exercise that bankers themselves could and should have done far better and faster ?
What the world wanted was an accurate picture of what the banks were worth and `` mark-to-market '' valuations to guide investors as to how much new capital they needed .
Beyond that , we need a long-term plan .
Yet we need to set to work on a plan for deploying a viable multinational force to help secure peace there , or at the very least sustain its people .
The first step is for some country or countries to volunteer the naval force needed to preserve Somalia 's humanitarian lifeline .
China 's recent campaign to crackdown on pirating needs to be encouraged , but far more needs to be done .
But it has yet to build a strong defense system that can respond effectively either to regional contingencies or to global needs .
We urgently need to monitor and understand the role of shadow banking and the too-big-to-fail banks in creating the global credit glut .
He said , `` There is a need to ... hold democratic elections according to the law ; have democratic decision-making , democratic management as well as democratic supervision ; safeguard people 's right to know , to participate , to express , and to supervise . ''
They will not be seriously changed by retraining and reeducation programs , which will not give most people the skills they need to remain more efficient than the new machines .
Borrowing and lending institutions will need to change , so that they better cushion people against the risk of personal bankruptcy .
But , to reach the advanced stages of economic growth , a country needs scientific research at home .
In his 1945 book Science , the Endless Frontier , Bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support ; that support should be potentially available to all researchers ; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated .
Local unions need to be involved , for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers , and can not be resolved by governments alone .
Corporate managers , meanwhile , got the public support needed to resist many cost-of-living allowances that were fueling a wage-price spiral .
They are just buying real estate because they need it .
But the tools needed to hedge such risks should be made available to everyone .
Insurance companies provide professional , finely detailed risk management that respects the complexity of the dangers to be hedged and responds creatively to individual needs .
The types of corporations that will succeed , the buildings that are constructed , and the research and development that will be needed all depend on the demographics of demand .
Retired people need life annuities -- contracts that offer a stable income stream for as long as they live -- to insure against the risk of outliving their wealth .
We thus need a large and liquid market for longevity risk so that these different groups can creatively share their risks with each other .
Providing money when it is needed is essential .
With the ongoing revolution in information and communications technology , the phones and computers will cost less and less , even as the costs of many commodities needed for development grow .
This would help reframe public thinking , which is all a government really needs to do .
But that does not mean that Bernanke is prepared to ensure that healthy economic growth continues in the US in the coming years and provide the kind of leadership that the world needs .
Far better , proponents of wage insurance argue , for the training to be carried out by an employer who wants a job done and knows what the employee needs to learn .
More political and legal change is needed if confidence is to have a more solid footing .
Is it all dictated by advertisers and salesmen who are inventing needs ?
According to Tufano , the fundamental problem in encouraging low-income people to save is that they need the money not just to manage their lives years in the future , when they retire , but also to deal with short-term crises .
Their inherent spirit of goodwill , and the goodwill they can inspire from other financial professionals , holds out the hope of a brighter future to everyone , especially those who are most in need .
He recently criticized Bolivian President Evo Morales 's threats to seize foreign assets for his failure in this regard : `` Radicalism is incompatible with the common sense needed from someone who governs . ''
If central banks are tightening and long-term rates are n't rising , one needs some explanation .
Psychology need only change enough to bring about a drop in consumption or investment growth of a percentage point or so of world GDP , and market repercussions can do the rest .
For example , we need stronger consumer protection for retail financial products , stricter disclosure requirements for new securities , and better-designed vehicles for hedging risks .
Whatever the near future holds the multitude of plans now being discussed to deal with this global crisis need to be judged with attention to the elusive and inexplicable effects they might have on confidence .
This approach can result in large rewards for important inventions -- precisely what is needed if maximum incentive is to be given to people to develop bold new concepts -- and has served us well over the centuries since 1624 .
It should be a top priority for policymakers to ensure that patent offices have the financial and human resources needed to grant business-method patents judiciously , and that they do not award patents to obvious or merely incremental ideas .
Indeed , one of the areas in need of such regulatory progress is exactly the same , but has merely moved from food products to financial products .
For today we need laws that will require purveyors of financial products to provide the essential information that consumers need .
Including such information on financial products would give an enormous boost to the efficiency and efficacy of our financial products in serving customers ' needs .
Macro-prudential regulators -LRB- government officials who focus not on the soundness of individual financial institutions , but rather on the stability of the whole financial system -RRB- are sorely needed , and central bankers are the logical people to fill this role .
This is an economic fact of fundamental significance , for the real long-term interest rate is a direct measure of the cost of borrowing to conduct business , launch new enterprises , or expand existing ones -- and its levels now fly in the face of all the talk about the need to slash government deficits .
The payoffs of such investments are , if anything , higher than they were then , given that many countries still have relatively weak economies that need stimulating .
Japan needed real financial risk sharing : charity rarely amounts to much .
We need far more -- and better -- catastrophe bonds .
When considering today 's concern about Japan 's high public debt-to-GDP ratio , now at 202 % on a gross basis , one needs to reflect that the ratio would most likely be profoundly lower if Japan had in the past financed more of its deficit spending with trills instead of conventional debt , and issued them to investors around the world .
Indeed , self-esteem is one of the most powerful human needs : a view of our own success relative to others provides us with a sense of meaning and well-being .
So accepting the essential randomness of life is terribly difficult , and contradicts our deep psychological need for order and accountability .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
A more sensible approach is to balance America 's real and pressing security needs in Afghanistan with a more wholesome policy in Central Asia .
When the tool fails , it needs to be replaced .
As for Russia 's Far East , the Chinese believe it will eventually fall to China anyway , so there is no need to hasten the process .
But , although Zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the Chechen resistance , an amnesty for him needed the Kremlin 's approval , and he does not seem to have received it , which is probably why he refused Kadyrov 's offer .
Under the circumstances , South Africa and the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- urgently need to reappraise their approach not only to Mugabe , but to how they will deal with any uncontested election .
The funds are sorely needed .
The World Bank calculations show that developing countries need an annual investment of about $ 165 billion through 2030 just to supply electricity to their people .
On top of this $ 80 billion gap , developing countries will need another $ 30 billion per year to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions from the power sector alone and get on a low-carbon development path , and $ 10-40 billion dollars more per year to adapt to the already inevitable impact of climate change .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said that rich countries need to take the lead because only then will the less developed economies follow , and she is right .
These are the types of climate change leadership that the world needs .
They had to realize that they need a plan -- revolutionary moments are moments to be seized .
Second , while Europe has much to offer its North African neighbors in terms of financial support , advice , and training , the region needs to find its own path to freedom and success .
Across Europe and in America , new arrangements have been set up to pool information about possible terrorist attacks and take the speedy -LRB- and sometimes robust -RRB- action needed to prevent or disrupt them .
In Europe various homegrown `` single issue '' extremist groups need close monitoring .
But the ECB needs time to establish its inflation-fighting credentials .
Although there is much that we can and will do to help ourselves , the Horn of Africa can still benefit from international assistance . But the international community needs to do more than provide food and medicine to victims of famine and drought .
Nonetheless , the Lisbon Treaty paves the way for planning and implementing policies needed to tackle crucial contemporary challenges , such as climate change , energy , research , technology , and tourism .
For example , the need to adapt the operation of the European Central Bank to a policy of development for Europe , as laid out by the Ecofin Council , is already apparent . The EMU is evidence of that .
The resolution would not have the force of law , but its approval would mark the first time that a national legislature has recognized the special status of great apes and the need to protect them , not only from extinction , but also from individual abuse .
At a minimum , we should recognize basic rights in all beings who show intelligence and awareness -LRB- including some level of self-awareness -RRB- and who have emotional and social needs .
Just as some humans are unable to fend for themselves and need others to act as their guardians , so , too , will great apes living in the midst of human communities .
If this is true in a country like the US , with a reasonably efficient infrastructure and the resources to help its citizens in times of crisis , it is even more evident when disasters strike developing countries , because their governments lack the resources needed , and because , when it comes to foreign assistance , rich nations still do not count all human lives equally .
We need not become too alarmed yet .
Selection of children need not involve abortion .
Welby 's death raises two questions , which need to be distinguished .
The Dutch know how voluntary euthanasia is practiced in their country , they know that legal euthanasia has improved , rather than harmed , their medical care , and they want the possibility of assistance in dying , if they should want and need it .
Or perhaps those who identified so strongly with Diana somehow imagined that they shared in her good deeds , and that they need not do anything more .
Perhaps we need to focus on aspects of living that have a positive effect on mental health .
Scientists need to handle them carefully if they are to pose meaningful questions about the point at which these two concepts intersect .
They were in their mid-twenties , earning six-figure incomes at an investment company -- more than they needed -- and were thinking about donating money to help make the world a better place .
The fact that charities were unprepared for such questions indicated to Karnofsky and Hassenfeld that other donors and foundations give more or less blindly , without the information needed to make sound decisions about whom to support .
How many people want their lives to be prolonged if they are incontinent , need to be fed by others , can no longer walk , and their mental capacities have irreversibly deteriorated so that they can neither speak nor recognize their children ?
Rather , we should question whether , in a world in which 25,000 impoverished children die unnecessarily every day , another concert hall is what the world needs .
Perhaps we will eventually reach a tipping point at which giving a significant amount to help the world 's poorest becomes sufficiently widespread to eliminate the majority of those 25,000 needless daily deaths .
We need to get over our reluctance to speak openly about the good we do .
Silent giving will not change a culture that deems it sensible to spend all your money on yourself and your family , rather than to help those in greater need -- even though helping others is likely to bring more fulfillment in the long run .
Given that Obama has a Kenyan father and has spent time in the African villages where his kin still live , it is no surprise that he understands the need for rich nations to assist developing nations .
Obama needs to make the US a leader in reducing emissions .
They are poor by an absolute standard based on the most basic human needs .
At a symposium in Paris last month entitled `` New World , New Capitalism , '' Sarkozy described capitalism based on financial speculation as `` an immoral system '' that has `` perverted the logic of capitalism . '' He argued that capitalism needs to find new moral values and to accept a stronger role for governments .
Could it even , as Obama suggests , make us more aware of the needs of those who are living in real poverty and are far worse off than we will ever be , financial crisis or no financial crisis ?
Or your resolution may have been more altruistic : to help those in need , or to reduce your carbon footprint .
Moreover , the degree of confinement in an aquarium is extreme , for no tank , no matter how large , can come close to meeting the needs of animals who spend their lives in social groups swimming long distances in the ocean .
Today , if you have an Internet connection , you have at your fingertips an amount of information previously available only to those with access to the world 's greatest libraries -- indeed , in most respects what is available through the Internet dwarfs those libraries , and it is incomparably easier to find what you need .
Sixteen cancer patients in critical need of bone marrow for transplants were put at risk because the matching marrow could not be flown in from the United States or Canada .
But what if some travelers have a higher tolerance of risk , or just a more urgent need to travel , than others ?
US Senator John Kerry , a leading Democrat who supports the war , has said that the documents may `` underscore the stakes '' in the conflict , and make it more urgent to `` make the calibrations needed to get the policy right . ''
We need to learn how to capture and kill wild fish humanely -- or , if that is not possible , to find less cruel and more sustainable alternatives to eating them .
For now , it looks very much as if , come 2015 , the world 's leaders will have failed to keep their -LRB- watered-down -RRB- promises . That means that they will be responsible for permitting the needless deaths , every year , of millions of people .
Zimbabwe 's military and political elite has appropriated the diamond field 's immense wealth for itself , with no benefits for the millions of desperately poor Zimbabweans who need the kind of services that the country has the resources to provide .
There is a need for higher standards than those set by the Kimberley Process .
Chinese mothers , according to Chua , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them .
When it comes to raising our children , we need fewer tigers and more elephants .
But these are questions that the international community needs to ask , and that the Security Council should have been discussing , so that the principle of the responsibility to protect -- and its possible implications for military action -- become part of our understanding of the requirements of international law and global ethics .
To answer that , of course , we need to decide what those rights are .
Nevertheless , GeoHazards International lacks the resources to build anything like enough TEREPs to meet the need .
If we build raised earth parks , we will never see the people who , but for our aid , would have died ; no orphans in desperate need will appear on the nightly news .
He pointed out that when ideas first come into the world , they are likely to be woolly , and in need of more work to define them sharply .
Theirs is now a relationship of equals , so their national interests need to be reconciled on everything from Pakistan to climate change .
The Iranians insist that they need nuclear power to generate electricity .
Even if Iranian nuclear weapons are not acceptable to the US , President Barack Obama needs to start talking more openly about what is .
First , consumers , faced with tighter credit and falling house values , will need to cut spending , slowing the US economy and affecting all countries via world trade .
Second , with banks losing substantial amounts of equity capital -- estimates now reach $ 300 billion and more -- the need to maintain minimum equity-debt ratios will force them to curtail business lending , hindering investment demand .
To address this problem , stricter banking regulation is needed in order to increase the probability of repayment , and hence the quality of securities .
The immigration waves of the last two years to Britain , Spain , and Italy will have significantly changed these figures , but the information needed to update the statistics is not yet available .
But in practice , immigration is often not as beneficial as it could be , because the target country has a rigid wage structure that prevents the additional jobs needed to employ the immigrants from being created .
It can cut taxes to stimulate consumption and it can invest in construction , but these sectors currently need little help , except perhaps for the automobile industry .
When the second-round effects hit the domestic sector in the course of 2009 , a stimulus program will be needed .
In Germany , which suffered from hyper-inflation in 1923 , there is widespread fear that people will again lose their savings and need to start from scratch .
To achieve this leadership position , it needs less than a quarter of US per capita GDP , because its population is more than four times larger .
Unskilled migrants tend to come to Europe , where they burden the welfare state , and skilled migrants are lured to the US , although they are urgently needed at home .
The problem is not only the premium itself , but the imminent risk that Greece will not be able to find the ¤ 53 billion it needs to service its debt falling due in 2010 , let alone the estimated additional ¤ 30 billion to finance the new debt resulting from its projected budget deficit .
The lesson to be learned from the crisis is that a currency union needs ironclad budget discipline to avert a boom-and-bust cycle in the first place .
This is exactly what Europe needs .
The US , which at the time needed annual capital imports of $ 800 billion in order to offset the near total cessation of private savings , received the lion 's share of this capital .
One need only recall the bidding for Emcore or Firstgold .
Estimates for Greece assume that prices and wages need to come down by 20-30 % .
If these countries lack the political consensus they need to pull this off , they should in their own interest consider leaving the eurozone temporarily to depreciate their currencies .
International equity funds stepped in , providing companies with urgently needed liquidity while disentangling the traditional ownership network . Germany , Inc. is on its last legs .
Italy was stable and did not seem to need the printing press to solve its financial problems .
Unless and until German workers accept the need for greater flexibility in the face of global competition , export profits will continue to be invested abroad , reducing overall production costs -- and reinforcing the bazaar economy at home .
Debt relief is at the heart of the support we need .
So the danger is that , when the party ends -- and it is hard to know when that will be -- a lot of mopping up will need to be done .
This will enable low real interest rates , which -LRB- together with bank reform -RRB- is the main condition for the growth of small and medium-sized enterprises needed to diversify the economic structure and ensure a more stable pattern of growth .
But the Americans want a `` surge , '' and the US general commanding NATO forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades , some 15,000 troops in all , and Gates has asked the Europeans either to send or pay for them .
Obama has made it a campaign issue to criticize the Bush administration for neglecting Afghanistan and diverting resources needed there to the misguided war in Iraq .
The abolition of uncertainty abolishes the need for moral rules .
No intervention by government is needed .
Most obviously in need of amendment is the view that minimally managed and regulated markets are both more stable and more dynamic than those subject to extensive government intervention .
The British privatization program 's greatest influence was in the former communist states , to which it gave the ideas and techniques needed to dismantle grossly inefficient command economies .
Africa needed capital , but lacked savings .
A double round of stimulus packages is needed to counteract the real prospect of a double-dip recession .
To pay back the debt without strain , we need a booming economy .
Far from having too much math , economists need more , in order to `` keep the logic straight . ''
He recognized that there are two kinds of needs , absolute and relative , and that the latter may be insatiable .
But he underestimated the weight of relative needs , especially as societies got richer , and , of course , the power of advertising to create new wants , and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them .
The remedy here is not to break up the banks , but to limit bank loans to this sector -- say , by forcing them to hold a certain proportion of mortgages on their books , and by increasing the capital that needs to be held against loans for commercial real estate .
Labor , by contrast , argues that immediate spending cuts would wreck the recovery -- that the hole in the economy , not the government budget deficit , is the problem needing most attention .
Labor 's model of the economy implies maintaining the deficit for as long as needed , and even increasing government spending if the recovery appears to be flagging .
The explosion of derivative instruments has demanded such an effort at understanding that metaphorical language is needed .
Hence , policies are needed to -LRB- 1 -RRB- reduce sovereign vulnerabilities , including through communicating credible medium-term fiscal consolidation plans ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- ensure that the ongoing deleveraging process unfolds smoothly ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- decisively move forward to complete the regulatory agenda so as to move to a safer , more resilient , and dynamic global financial system .
So three things are needed : governments must -LRB- 1 -RRB- cut their deficits gradually in a believable way , -LRB- 2 -RRB- keep enough spending going to compensate for increased saving in the private sector , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- press on with bank regulation .
LONDON -- All intellectual systems rely on assumptions that do not need to be spelled out because all members of that particular intellectual community accept them .
What do people who demand rapid `` fiscal consolidation '' amid heavy unemployment need to believe about the economy to make their policy coherent ?
The question still needs to be asked : are such fears rational ?
Policymakers need to re-learn their Keynes , explain him clearly , and apply his lessons , not invent pseudo-rational arguments for prolonging the recession .
Rich-country investors earned a higher rate of return than they would at home , and poor-country recipients raised the development finance they needed .
Now , when we already have all the wealth we need , we are right to wonder whether the costs of capitalism are worth incurring .
This amounts to saying that even though rich countries -LRB- or regions -RRB- no longer need the benefits of free trade , they must continue to suffer its costs .
The dishonoring of greed is likely only in those countries whose citizens already have more than they need .
And even there , many people still have less than they need .
The economic justification for large income inequalities -- the need to stimulate people to be more productive -- collapses when growth ceases to be so important .
But it also means that fewer units of labor are needed to produce the same quantity of goods .
Then we would require only a certain amount of work -- much less than we perform now -- to satisfy all reasonable needs .
The choice would then be between limitless technology-driven unemployment and sharing out the work that needed to be done .
After all , both capitalism and economics need scarcity to justify their existence , and will not give it up readily .
Britain 's Home Secretary Kenneth Clarke recently had to apologize for saying that some rapes were less serious than others , implying the need for legal discrimination .
We need free media to expose abuses of power .
But the theory of usury survived in the view that it was morally wrong to extract some additional amount that was made feasible by the borrower 's weak bargaining position or extreme need .
The hope is that the reduction in borrowing costs on new loans , plus the austerity programs promised by governments , will enable bond prices to recover to par without the need for the creditor banks to take a hit .
In the Greek case , creditors have yet to accept the need for write-offs , and European governments have provided them with no incentives to do so .
What was needed was cancelation of reparations and inter-Allied war debts as a whole , together with a big reconstruction loan to put the shattered European economies back on their feet .
The common ground of reform is the need to re-regulate the financial services industry .
Moreover , on issues like terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and climate change , the US needs Russian and Chinese help . Stigmatizing Russia and China as pariahs will not get them on board .
It is full of faults , which need to be corrected . But we do n't need a League of Democracies to do this .
At issue here is the oldest unresolved dilemma in economics : are market economies `` naturally '' stable or do they need to be stabilized by policy ?
So chirped many in Prague in November 1989 , reflecting the pride and the joy of the Velvet Revolution , but also the sustained effort that was needed to end communism , whose demise began in Warsaw the previous February .
Instead , the job falls to the Lebanese government and armed forces , who need all the help they can get from the international community .
The best foundation for the rule of law is to build an island of legality wherever it is most needed to advance legitimate government goals -- to stop corruption , to protect the environment , to clean up the financial system , or to enforce contracts with foreign investors .
As these islands begin to form an archipelago , a legal class emerges , supported by the clients who need them .
Enhancing the role of its Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , or supplementing the dollar with another world reserve currency , would help facilitate the financing needs of both deficit and surplus countries .
An essential element of such a mechanism is to give the IMF a prominent role in two areas : strong and effective surveillance in order to prevent crises , and responsible lending to countries in need , but with appropriate limits and conditionality .
We do n't need to reinvent the wheel ; we just need to follow up on the commitments made ten years ago .
For example , if 20 % of the world 's electricity were to be generated by wind turbines , then , considering their inherently low load factor of about 25 % -LRB- compared to 75 % for thermal stations using steam turbines -RRB- , we would need to install new capacity of some 1.25 TW in these machines .
This is understandable , given the scope of enlargement and the need for an internal transformation of the Union .
America undoubtedly needs more allies to bring Iraq 's chaos under control and to build an Iraqi state that is seen as legitimate both by Iraqis and the world .
The key point here is joint recognition that a fundamental transatlantic community of values exists , and that both sides need each other .
So Megawati need not worry about being ejected from office as her predecessor Abdurrahman Wahid was , just a few months ago .
A credible system to manage Indonesia 's new decentralized system is needed .
It stressed the sovereignty , independence , and territorial integrity of Syria , and emphasized the need to resolve the current crisis peacefully , by means of an inclusive political process -- and called for a national dialogue led from within the country .
For this reason , we need a system to govern energy .
And the need for international coordination poses an additional difficulty .
But widespread sharing is not always needed or appropriate .
Member states also need intelligence derived from ongoing casework , not to inform policy , at least not directly , but to disrupt and dismantle networks and prevent attacks .
This information is in many ways more sensitive , and services share it on a `` need to know '' basis , not for the sake of promoting cooperation .
For this we need good strategic assessments of intelligence .
We deploy army or navy personnel when and where they are needed but our business is peace-building not waging war .
Clearer priorities and more sensible budgeting decisions are needed .
And we need to strengthen our civilian and military capabilities and boost their funding in order to back up our political decisions .
The EU 's unique , joint civilian-military approach must be further developed to make us yet more flexible . Our capacity to deploy rapid reaction forces also needs strengthening .
But , unlike his White House predecessors , Obama 's National Security Strategy recognizes the value of partnerships ; attaches greater importance to the civilian dimension as opposed to the military ; and stresses the value of dialogue and the need to reinforce international institutions .
But the G-20 remains very much a work in progress -- and one that needs much work to succeed , as its most recent summit in Toronto demonstrated .
The G-8 was no longer an appropriate vehicle for global economic governance , given the need to stabilize financial markets around the world .
The problem is that , despite the clear need for multilateralism , there is a risk of a relapse into bilateralism due to a lack of global leadership .
We Europeans need to respond favorably , quickly , and effectively .
Everyone needs to start thinking differently about the Middle East .
If the US and other world powers want to make headway on their three key objectives -- stability , political reform , and peace -- they need to understand how they are linked and pursue all three simultaneously and holistically .
Israel also needs to revisit its policies .
We do n't need never-ending bilateral negotiations between Israel and Palestine ; there needs to be a regional solution .
To achieve this rebalancing , southern European ports need improved support infrastructure , specifically rail links connecting them to the main European rail network .
And , if Europe is to become an active global player , rather than a museum , it needs the fresh perspective and energy of the people of Turkey .
Turkey and the EU need each other .
We need each other politically as well .
In these times , difficult and unpredictable but full of hope , the world needs Turkey and the EU to work together .
The EU has had little to say , for example , about what kind of governance rules and standards should guide debates over the much-needed rebalancing between surplus and deficit states .
Growth will no longer be generated from the West on the back of emerging-economy surpluses , but will need to come from within the emerging world itself , which should be nudged away from purely export-oriented economic policies .
European governments are only now reluctantly accepting the need to scale back their over-representation in multilateral bodies , recognizing that it undermines rather than enhances the EU 's overall influence by pushing other powers into separate arrangements .
It needs to be explained why the euro remains the best protection there is against inflation , the most dangerous social ill of all ; why government stimulus will not work and never actually has delivered sustained growth ; and why a new equilibrium between welfare and economic dynamism -- based on less public debt and more private investment -- must be established .
Will the second Edo be able to resist Chinese ambitions ? `` The New Edo era needs a strong Japanese army , '' admits Inose .
Her father was , above all , an ideologue , a `` populist '' Napoleon who would never moderate his vision of a white and Catholic France in need of a moral revival .
The doublespeak is needed because the doctrine contradicts American values .
The idea that might is right can not be reconciled with the idea of an open society . Hence the need for Orwellian doublespeak .
If stability is to be preserved , financial markets need regulators and a lender of last resort .
The Washington Consensus starts by asking how big a budget surplus is needed in order to keep indebtedness within bounds ; the higher the interest rates , the bigger the required surplus .
The international financial system is broken down in the sense that it fails to provide adequate capital to countries that need it most and qualify for it .
They must turn to the IMF , and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession .
Such an integrated policy approach is needed to ensure that the basic rights of Roma are truly realized in an expanded Europe .
The need for greater transparency in the management of resource revenues was endorsed by the G8 declaration at Evian this June .
Clearly , the rules need to be updated in the light of the 2004 experience .
It needs to become a political initiative .
The EU needs to reach out to its less developed neighbors .
The defining characteristic of the countries on the Eastern and Southern borders of Europe is that they lack many attributes needed for membership .
The European Commission is already engaged in preparing such plans . They need to be given greater substance .
Individual action plans are urgently needed even before the general Wider Europe Initiative emerges .
Georgia itself needs all the help it can get , which requires an emergency action plan different from the others .
The war on terror need never end ; because the terrorists are invisible , they will never disappear .
The need for renewed attention to Afghanistan could hardly be greater .
International support could help educate 40,000 Afghans each year in urgently needed fields , such as engineering , management , agriculture , law , and economics .
This solution would not only permit the much-needed administrative reforms to be implemented ; it would also bring clarity and transparency to a process that is in great need of improvement .
To achieve the reforms of the budget process that it wants , the US will need to lead the way in persuading the other permanent members of the Council to give the General Assembly a greater role in the process .
It inhibits much-needed negotiations with Iran and Syria , because they are states that support terrorist groups .
Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri are still at large , and we need to focus on finding them if we are to prevent attacks like the one foiled in England .
All that is needed now is for Europe 's people to be inspired by the idea of the EU as the prototype of a global open society .
What this means in principle can be stated concisely : the EU needs a common foreign policy .
That is the one part of the European constitution that urgently needs to be rescued .
We need to introduce new ground rules for political discourse . These can not be identical to scientific method , but they should be similar in character , enshrining the pursuit of truth as the criteria on which political views are to be judged .
In addition , the public needs to be inoculated against the various techniques of deception .
What is needed is a concerted effort to identify the techniques of manipulation -- and to name and shame those who use them .
To understand what is happening , we need a new paradigm . It is available in the theory of reflexivity , which I first proposed 20 years ago in my book The Alchemy of Finance .
Something also needs to be done on the supply side .
The terms of mortgages need to be adjusted to the homeowners ' ability to pay .
Two thorny issues would need to be resolved -- the allocation of the debt burden among member states , and the relative voting power of the different euro-zone finance ministers .
Instead of setting a universal target of 2 % of GDP for stimulus packages , it is enough to agree that the periphery countries need international assistance to protect their financial systems and engage in countercyclical policies .
Countries that are in a position to create their own money do not need them , but the periphery countries do .
Rich countries should therefore lend their allocations to the countries in need .
A new Bretton Woods conference , like the one that established the post-WWII international financial architecture , is needed to establish new international rules , including treatment of financial institutions that are too big to fail and the role of capital controls .
The money could be directed to where it is most needed , unlike what is happening currently .
A mechanism that allows rich countries that do n't need additional reserves to transfer their allocations to those that do is readily available , using the IMF 's gold reserves .
Reorganizing the world order will need to extend beyond the financial system and involve the United Nations , especially membership of the Security Council .
That process needs to be initiated by the US , but China and other developing countries ought to participate as equals .
What is lacking , however , is a general recognition that the system is broken and needs to be reinvented .
China 's leadership needs to be even more far-sighted than Obama is .
Global markets need global regulations , but the regulations that are currently in force are rooted in the principle of national sovereignty .
This means that it is not enough to restart a mechanism that has stalled ; we need to create a regulatory mechanism that has never existed .
Funds are needed to invest in new low-carbon energy sources , reforestation and protection of rain forests , land-use changes , and adaptation and mitigation .
They have just experienced a significant jump in their national debts , and they still need to stimulate their domestic economies . This colors their attitudes .
Spending it would not add to any country 's fiscal deficit . All they need to do is to tap into it .
These SDRs will sit largely untouched in the reserve accounts of these countries , which do n't really need any additional reserves .
What is needed now is a comprehensive European strategy to address Roma issues across borders .
Given the need , it ought to grow ten-fold .
The treasury need not be used to tax citizens on an everyday basis , but it needs to be available in times of crisis .
Recognizing the need , the last Ecofin meeting has , for the first time , committed itself `` to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole . ''
The most effective solution would be to issue jointly and separately guaranteed eurobonds to refinance , say , 75 % of the maturing debt , as long as Greece meets its agreed-upon targets , leaving Greece to finance the rest of its needs as best it can .
It is clear what is needed : more intrusive monitoring and institutional arrangements for conditional assistance .
The US needs fiscal stimulus to enhance competitiveness , rather than so-called `` quantitative easing '' in monetary policy , which puts upward pressure on all currencies other than the renminbi .
Since the Chinese government is the direct beneficiary of the currency surplus , it would need to have remarkable foresight to accept this diminution in its power and recognize the advantages of coordinating its economic policies with the rest of the world .
China 's leaders need to recognize that their country can not continue rising without paying more attention to the interests of its trading partners .
These two structural changes may not be sufficient to provide the eurozone countries in need of rescue an escape route from their predicament .
Additional measures , such as `` haircuts '' for holders of sovereign debt , may be needed .
This makes the cost of reducing carbon emissions much larger than it needs to be .
The US economy needs higher productivity , but US corporations , which are operating very profitably , are accumulating cash instead of investing it -- with quantitative easing aimed at heading off deflation .
In China , by contrast , bank lending needs to be reigned in , but regulatory efforts have been hindered by off-balance-sheet financing and the development of an informal quasi-banking sector .
The US prefers higher Chinese import prices to help relieve deflationary pressures -- which would also eliminate the need for quantitative easing , removing a source of Chinese complaints .
The country is rich in mineral resources that China needs , but it is the US that spends $ 10 billion a month occupying a country whose annual GDP is only $ 15 billion .
The leadership is preoccupied with taking care of the needs of its own people , many of whom still live in poverty .
But the Chinese leadership declined the offer , explaining that China is a developing country that can hardly meet its own people 's needs .
Despite this added task , the size of the rescue package could remain the same , because any amount used for recapitalizing or liquidating banks would reduce the amount needed by governments .
The German public is a long way from accepting it ; yet it is clearly needed in order to reestablish a level playing field in Europe .
The EU has been built step-by-step , with its architects knowing in advance that each step was inadequate and that additional steps would be needed .
That is why the need for the next step in European integration must be clearly acknowledged alongside implementation of the EU 's crisis-resolution mechanism .
Now the world must look to the G-20 summit in Cannes this November to make an unequivocal commitment to the reporting requirements needed , given that important emerging economies such as Brazil , India , and China , as well as South Africa and other resource-rich African countries , will be at the table .
A group of farsighted statesmen , inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe , recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually , by setting limited objectives , mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them , and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically .
Its architects were fully aware of this deficiency , but believed that when the need arose , the political will could be summoned to take the next step forward .
If this seemingly inexorable process is to be arrested and reversed , both Greece and the eurozone must urgently adopt a Plan B. A Greek default may be inevitable , but it need not be disorderly .
And , while some contagion will be unavoidable -- whatever happens to Greece is likely to spread to Portugal , and Ireland 's financial position , too , could become unsustainable -- the rest of the eurozone needs to be ring-fenced .
The European elite needs to revert to the principles that guided the Union 's creation , recognizing that our understanding of reality is inherently imperfect , and that perceptions are bound to be biased and institutions flawed .
The EU 's member countries , and not only those in the eurozone , must accept that a new treaty is needed to save the euro .
All agree that Greece needs an orderly restructuring , because a disorderly default could cause a eurozone meltdown .
The banking system needs to be guaranteed first , and recapitalized later .
A new , legally binding agreement -- not a change to the Lisbon Treaty -LRB- which would encounter too many hurdles -RRB- , but a new agreement -- will be needed for the eurozone to mobilize that power , and such an accord will take time to negotiate and ratify .
Governments could meet their financing needs within agreed limits at very low cost during this emergency period , and the ECB would not violate Article 123 of the Lisbon Treaty .
Clearly it is not enough to eliminate moral hazard in global finance ; new incentives need to be introduced to create a more level playing field and encourage the flow of capital to periphery countries .
A full solution for this problem , which requires new incentives to foster research into drugs needed by less developed countries , is beyond the capacity of the WTO .
Patent and copyright protection are needed , but such protection constitutes a restraint of trade .
A one-size-fits-all approach , the British argue , is incompatible with existing differences between EU states : all that is needed is mutual recognition , leaving the rest to competition and investors ' choices .
Adoption of a common set of advanced accounting principles will remove a key obstacle to meaningful comparison of European listed companies ' profitability , although more needs to be done to achieve common standards of enforcement , as recent corporate scandals show .
This resistance should not be allowed to prevent the European Parliament from endorsing the common position : markets and regulators alike urgently need a new ISD , as innovations have made the old one obsolete .
This is not so much because further top-down measures are needed , but because market failures hamper the required bottom-up drive .
The finance industry , regulators , and political leaders need to create a shared sense of collective responsibility for the system as a whole and its impact on the rest of the economy .
But that also means that it will need a more robust mechanism for countercyclical responses to shocks .
One would need a sophisticated capability for monitoring and enforcing fiscal policy and sovereign debt -- or else end up with a repeat of the current situation .
That would enable effective enforcement of fiscal discipline at the national level and provide the euro with the fiscal discipline it needs to survive .
Specifically , not much more than a decade is needed for the share of global GDP generated by developing economies to pass the 50 % mark when measured in market prices .
Emerging economies still need to manage better their growing domestic tensions , which reflect rising income inequality and uneven access to basic services .
If systemic risk can cause this kind of cascading sequential imbalance , then the `` sovereign '' needs to be alert , competent at identifying rising systemic risk , and able to take corrective action early .
In addition and as a complement to re-regulation , we need a comprehensive systemic risk monitor .
Thus , we should also accept the need for much more conservative fiscal positioning than was thought necessary even three years ago .
The IMF is needed for several key purposes .
The system needs circuit-breakers in the form of loans and capital flows that dampen the volatility and maintain access to financing across the system .
A program that meets the needs of the more vulnerable countries is under construction .
These programs are needed to limit contagion and restore stability to the eurozone , pending deeper institutional reforms that address fiscal interdependency in the context of monetary union .
The global economy needs the surplus countries to sustain growth and reduce excess savings -- no easy task .
It also needs deficit countries -LRB- and the advanced countries more generally -RRB- to develop and enact credible growth strategies that involve structural change as well as fiscal stabilization .
But , to perform this function , it needs a knowledgeable , credible , and effective secretariat .
To accommodate the needs of the emerging economies , as well as the interests of advanced countries , a new system will be needed , in which exchange rates are managed but adjusted according to criteria that balance domestic growth and global stability .
All of this is needed to enable the Fund to support the global coordination functions for which it is uniquely well equipped .
The administration needed to see -- and to say -- that the debt-fueled pre-crisis economy was on a dangerously unsustainable path , and that the challenge now , having averted a depression , was to make a difficult transition to a new path .
The administration , political and policy elites , and private-sector leaders need to state clearly that the main goal of domestic economic policy and strategy is to reestablish a pattern of inclusive growth and employment .
But Obama needs to take the lead in redirecting a highly polarized political environment engaged in a debate about the appropriate role and size of government toward a more pragmatic , results-oriented agenda .
To make up the difference , Americans need to compete effectively for a portion of global demand .
Apart from the need to deleverage for a few more years , the US economy faces longer-term problems with aggregate demand , employment , and income distribution that can not be solved through consumption and investment alone .
America needs to expand its share in external global demand , which requires public-sector investment , structural change , and improved competitiveness in the tradable sector .
We need a pragmatic willingness to adapt incentives and outcomes to achieve distributional results that allow the major players , with their domestic political constraints , to keep the system open .
Intervention may be needed in fragile sectors of the US economy , like housing , where faltering performance could produce another downturn .
The policies needed to do so vary by country and involve structural shifts .
In the longer run , that gap needs to be filled by higher foreign demand and increased export potential .
In general , automatic stabilizers may not kick in across the global economy , which means that policies need to be coordinated .
Fourth , regulatory structures will need to be rebuilt , and this will require a global effort .
It creates skepticism about whether the net benefits of openness are positive , and uncertainty about what adaptations are needed in the regulation of free markets to achieve a reasonable balance between their benefits and risks .
Openness needs protecting and the best way to protect it is to manage the areas of growing interdependence effectively , pragmatically and inclusively .
The financial sector must be developed in order to create more savings options and supply credit and equity capital efficiently to new and growing businesses , which China needs in order to attract the rural population to cities -LRB- even as export sectors move up the skill and value-added hierarchy -RRB- .
As the scope of the private sector expands , legal structures and policies that support competition , entry and exit , market openness , intellectual property , and social safety nets will also be needed .
The portion that falls short needs to be redirected to higher-return investments in either the public or private sector , to household income , or to essential public services and social insurance .
Designing that system will be an important part of achieving the high-return investment and expanded consumption that Chinese leaders want -- and that China 's economy needs .
To change course , global agreements that impinge on growth would be needed , along with systems that ensure compliance .
The emergence of sustainability as a critical element in growth strategies in the worlds ' future largest economies is an extraordinarily positive development , because national needs , goals , and priorities remain much more powerful incentives than international agreements .
Credible domestic and EU-wide policies are needed to stabilize the situation .
In addition , reforms and major structural changes are needed to sustain growth , and these could be postponed , or run into delays , in a decelerating global economy .
What structural adjustments are needed , and how will they occur ?
China needs to balance these domestic and international priorities , but it has very little historical experience to guide it .
Higher value-added sectors and functions that are upstream and downstream from processing industries will also need to flourish .
To empower the domestic market to drive income growth , and to accelerate the growth of the middle class , these numbers need to shift .
But , most important , rapid growth of the domestic market , especially the service sector , needs to largely replace the export sector as the employment engine pulling the rural population into the modern economy .
The government continues to own more than 50 % of remaining state-owned enterprises , but does not need or use the income .
A big portion of these two income streams -LRB- corporate and government -RRB- needs to be redirected to the household sector .
But the much-needed structural reforms to limit leverage and contain the risks that the financial system periodically imposes on the real economy -- and the public purse -- have only belatedly gotten off the to-do list , and the prospects of enacting them are difficult to estimate .
So they also need clear , albeit different , limits on leverage .
One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of a rapidly evolving global economy .
What is needed is coordinated restructuring and policy setting .
That restructuring will occur , deficit spending or no deficit spending . So policy needs to acknowledge the fact that there are limits to how fast this restructuring can be accomplished .
In an extended balance-sheet recession of this type , unemployment benefits need to be substantial and prolonged .
Much of the rest of the world would prefer a stronger dollar , fewer capital inflows with a carry-trade flavor , and less need to manage their own currencies ' appreciation to avoid adverse consequences for their economies ' competitiveness .
What we most need now is support for the unemployed , stable government finances with a clearly communicated deficit-reduction plan , some truth-telling about medium-term growth prospects , and an orderly healing process in which balance sheets are restored mostly without government intervention .
Today , we must also continue forming and correcting the EU to maximize its ability to reflect the needs of its inhabitants in an ever-changing world .
Instead , Georgia 's long-term economic success will depend on exports to the Russian market : neither Georgian wine nor Georgian fruit is needed in the United States or Italy .
But the world needs to look beyond even these issues .
Finally , adequate representation and the right of each member to have a say in the Fund is a prerequisite of the legitimacy that the IMF needs to fulfill its global role .
All countries need to draw firm conclusions from the current crisis .
Where structural policy is concerned , we need a better architecture for overseeing and safeguarding individual countries ' competitiveness , and for eliminating imbalances .
But , if the reforms in the realm of fiscal policy and coordination of economic policy are successful , such an institution would never need to act , and would thus be redundant .
Reading the press of late , you might conclude that all Harmid Karzai , Afghanistan 's chief , needs to pacify his country is an expanded international peacekeeping presence and faster delivery of aid .
A year later , with the Fed not having moved aggressively enough for him , Krugman divined that `` it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment .
And to do that -LRB- it -RRB- needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble . ''
In a nutshell : the implosion of the brave new world of modern finance , and the economic crisis that followed , was rooted in the idea that free and unregulated capital markets always work for the public good , and are all that is needed for economic prosperity .
Financial-market participants need to demonstrate that they understand their role in causing the crisis , and that they are willing to significantly contribute to preventing its recurrence .
What is needed is not rhetoric , but levelheaded efforts to find practical and forward-looking solutions to key issues on which regional and international cooperation is urgently required .
At this year 's World Economic Forum , within the G-8 , and elsewhere , the consensus that something needs to be done has been as clear and as it is welcome .
This deterred not only foreign and domestic investment , but , more fundamentally , the formation of the very institutions needed for successful economic development .
Only such leaders can build up the legitimacy needed to unite their countries , and only then will they be able to confront head on the many challenges that the region faces in shaking loose from the shackles of backwardness .
My impression from the discussions was that both Ukrainians and Russians in Ukraine were acutely aware of the need to avoid ethnic conflict .
Is this the type of secularism that needs to be perpetuated by the Chief Prosecutor 's not so-soft constitutional coup ?
The next scheduled presidential election is not until 2012 , as are elections to the Senate , whose assent is needed for most legislation .
The interim government 's key political task should be to organize free and fair elections , making only those constitutional changes needed to conduct them .
After the battle of the Marne -LRB- September 1914 -RRB- and the failure of the Schlieffen Plan , some of Wilhelm 's advisers realized that the chances for a military victory were slim , hence the need for a negotiated peace .
If these interests are to gain universal recognition , we will need to shed the nation-state myth once and for all .
To slash inflation , expectations needed to be changed ; `` anchoring '' the currency to the dollar was supposed to do this .
Better ways are needed to deal with situations akin to Argentina .
The IMF will work hard to shift blame - there will be allegations of corruption , and it will be said that Argentina did not pursue needed measures .
Of course , the country needed to undertake other reforms - but following the IMF 's advice regarding contractionary fiscal policies made matters worse .
Argentina 's crisis should remind us of the pressing need to reform the global financial system - and thorough reform of the IMF is where we must begin .
The world needs to rethink the sources of growth .
Countries , like the US , with food stamp programs clearly need to increase the value of these subsidies in order to ensure that nutrition standards do not deteriorate .
But there need not be a trade-off between inequality and growth .
During the Great Depression , similar arguments were heard : government need not do anything , because markets would restore the economy to full employment in the long run .
But if governments are going to pay the economy 's hospital bills , they must act to make it less likely that hospitalization will be needed .
There is a need for strong anti-trust laws .
But things keep getting worse : the deficit for 2009 alone is expected to be more than a half-trillion dollars , excluding the costs of financial bail-outs and the second stimulus package that almost all economists now say is urgently needed .
But back in America , the belief that the surge `` worked '' is now leading many to argue that more troops are needed in Afghanistan .
This approach is not only proven , but it also provides both the incentives and wherewithal needed for lending to resume .
Second , bankruptcy reform is needed to allow homeowners to write down the value of their homes and stay in their houses .
While developed countries engage in stabilizing countercyclical policies , developing countries would be forced into destabilizing policies , driving away capital when they need it most .
Ten years ago , at the time of Asia 's financial crisis , there was much discussion of the need to reform the global financial architecture .
The financiers , however , will argue for caution : let 's see how the economy does , and if it needs more money , we can give it .
Economic theory had long explained why unfettered markets were not self-correcting , why regulation was needed , why there was an important role for government to play in the economy .
The Federal government has assumed trillions of dollars of liabilities and risks . In rescuing the financial system , no less than in fiscal policy , we need to worry about the `` bang for the buck . ''
Ten years ago , at the time of the Asian financial crisis , there was much discussion of the need to reform the global financial architecture .
The fact that businesses around the world were not getting the credit they need compounded the grievances expressed at Davos .
President Barack Obama seems to be offering a needed boost to American leadership after the dark days of George W. Bush ; but the mood in Davos suggests that optimism and confidence may be short-lived .
Some concern politics : the Enron scandal strengthens the case for campaign finance reform , and the need for even stronger laws requiring public disclosure .
Investors need assurance that information received adequately reflects the economic situation of a firm .
We need better standards and stronger laws .
More money will be needed , but Americans are in no mood to provide it -- certainly not on the terms that have been seen so far .
Since some of the benefit -LRB- much of it in the case of small , open economies -RRB- will accrue to others , stimulus packages are likely to be smaller and more poorly designed than they otherwise would be , which is why a globally coordinated stimulus package is needed .
For instance , while it is recognized that almost all countries need to undertake stimulus measures -LRB- we 're all Keynesians now -RRB- , many developing countries do not have the resources to do so .
And , in the past , assistance has been accompanied by extensive `` conditions , '' some of which enforced contractionary monetary and fiscal policies -- just the opposite of what is needed now -- and imposed financial deregulation , which was among the root causes of the crisis .
While one can understand the domestic political imperatives that have led to subsidies and guarantees , developed countries need to recognize the global consequences , and provide compensatory assistance to developing countries .
The rich and powerful turn to the government to help them whenever they can , while needy individuals get little social protection .
We need to break up the too-big-to-fail banks ; there is no evidence that these behemoths deliver societal benefits that are commensurate with the costs they have imposed on others .
The agreement was remarkable : in providing what in many ways was a clearer articulation of the crisis and what needs to be done than that offered by the G-20 , the UN showed that decision-making need n't be restricted to a self-selected club , lacking political legitimacy , and largely dominated by those who had considerable responsibility for the crisis in the first place .
The implication is that they need grants , not loans .
The G-20 , which turned to the IMF to provide most of the money that the developing countries need to cope with the crisis , did not take sufficient note of this ; the UN conference did .
Recent methodological advances have enabled us to assess better what contributes to citizens ' sense of well-being , and to gather the data needed to make such assessments on a regular basis .
Just as a firm needs to measure the depreciation of its capital , so , too , our national accounts need to reflect the depletion of natural resources and the degradation of our environment .
Just as the crisis has reinvigorated thinking about the need for regulation , so it has given new impetus to the exploration of alternative strands of thought that would provide better insights into how our complex economic system functions -- and perhaps also to the search for policies that might avert a recurrence of the recent calamity .
They need a wider and more robust portfolio of ideas to draw upon .
Last month , Soros assembled a remarkable group of economic luminaries , from across the spectrum of the profession -- theory to policy , left to right , young and old , establishment and counter-establishment -- to discuss the need and prospects for such an initiative , and how it might best proceed .
· In assessing their own risk , banks do not look at the externalities that they -LRB- or their failure -RRB- would impose on others , which is one reason why we need regulation in the first place .
But regulators and supervisors are fallible , which is why we need to attack the problems from all sides .
That is why King , Paul Volcker , the United Nations Commission of Experts on Reforms of the International Monetary and Financial System , and a host of others are right about the need to curb the big banks . What is required is a multi-prong approach , including special taxes , increased capital requirements , tighter supervision , and limits on size and risk-taking activities .
As long as the world 's -LRB- economically -RRB- advanced countries maintain this attitude , innovative approaches to financing economic development - and global public goods more generally - need to be tested .
As a result , some global income sits around rather than financing investments that poor countries need .
If these liabilities grow by 10 % annually , countries need to set aside an additional $ 160 billion .
For countries that receive less than the amount that they need to put into reserves , the new `` global money '' would go into the reserves , freeing dollars that these countries would otherwise set aside .
A country with reserves of the new global money could exchange it for hard currencies to sustain needed food imports or other goods .
This much is clear : addressing the plight of the world 's poorest countries and providing the global public goods needed in this age of globalization requires us to explore innovative ways of raising the necessary financing .
What makes the global greenback proposal attractive is that it provides the funds poor countries need while contributing to global economic growth , stability , and equity .
Given the difficulty of coming up with even $ 10 billion a year -- let alone the $ 200 billion a year that is needed for mitigation and adaptation -- it is wishful thinking to expect an agreement along these lines .
Some argue that China needs to adjust its exchange rate to prevent inflation or bubbles .
China recognizes that its currency needs to appreciate over the long run , and politicizing the speed at which it does so has been counterproductive .
But Germany -LRB- and its Constitutional Court -RRB- , partly following popular opinion , has opposed giving Greece the help that it needs .
It was not even clear that the help Greece needed should be labeled a bailout : while the funds given to financial institutions like AIG were unlikely to be recouped , a loan to Greece at a reasonable interest rate would likely be repaid .
Banks that wreaked havoc on the global economy have resisted doing what needs to be done .
To me , the answer is an unambiguous no , which is why we need to `` hard-wire '' more of the regulatory framework .
Increased resolution authority will help , but only a little : in the last crisis , US government `` blinked , '' failed to use the powers that it had , and needlessly bailed out shareholders and bondholders -- all because it feared that doing otherwise would lead to economic trauma .
It is an economy with huge unmet needs and yet vast idle resources .
Distorted interest rates , official guarantees , and tax subsidies encourage continued investment in real estate , when what the economy needs is investment in , say , technology and clean energy .
All that is needed , he suggests , are `` collective action '' clauses that allow the majority -LRB- or a supermajority -RRB- of a group of bondholders to impose their will on a minority , so as to prevent scavengers who , in the past , bought up small stakes in a bond issue and used their position to extract large concessions for themselves .
As the IMF now recognizes , there needs to be some form of an international arbiter .
More balance is needed .
There needs to be a new way of dealing with crises .
So America needs a `` homeowners ' Chapter 11 . ''
After all , in globalized financial markets , money looks for the best prospects around the world , and these prospects are in Asia , not the US . So the money wo n't go where it 's needed , and much of it will wind up where it 's not wanted -- causing further increases in asset and commodity prices , especially in emerging markets .
But financial markets demonstrated their shortsightedness in the years preceding the crisis , and are doing so once again , by applying pressure for spending cuts , even if that implies reducing badly needed public investments .
The ultimate irony is that there are simultaneously excess capacity and vast unmet needs -- and policies that could restore growth by using the former to address the latter .
Following this is the need to eliminate corporate welfare .
Creating a fairer and more efficient tax system , by eliminating the special treatment of capital gains and dividends , is also needed .
There are many balancing acts to be mastered : a government that is too powerful might violate citizens ' rights , but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society -- or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless .
So constitutions need to be flexible .
But certain rights , both political -LRB- freedom of religion , speech , and press -RRB- and economic , need to be absolutely guaranteed .
For its part , the international community , which so often has propped up authoritarian regimes in the name of stability -LRB- or on the principle that `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' -RRB- has a clear responsibility to provide whatever assistance Tunisia needs in the coming months and years .
The US need not go as far : just a fraction of the money that America spends on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist would go a long way toward creating a more humane society , including provision of health care and education to those who can not afford them .
The timing could not have been worse : the East Asia crisis was just brewing -- a crisis that was largely the result of capital-market liberalization in a region that , given its high savings rate , had no need for it .
On the contrary , we should have learned from the crisis that financial markets need regulation , and that cross-border capital flows are particularly dangerous .
Crises need to be carefully managed .
This debt almost surely needs to be restructured , but , having allowed the banks to leverage themselves beyond any level of prudence and load up on toxic derivatives , the ECB is now warning against any sort of restructuring or write-down .
Now the ECB needs to think about how to help everyone , not just the bankers who bought the bonds .
Whatever the outcome , the IMF , the World Bank , and the international community need to reaffirm their commitment to an open and transparent process -- and ask how that process can be improved .
President Bush recognized that a fiscal stimulus was needed when he arrived in office , but rather than pushing for genuine stimulus , it pushed for regressive tax changes under the name of a fiscal stimulus .
If the US needs to worry about unemployment with an unemployment rate of less than 6 % , what is a poor country with unemployment at 10 % or 20 % to say ?
I was among those who hoped that , somehow , the financial crisis would teach Americans -LRB- and others -RRB- a lesson about the need for greater equality , stronger regulation , and a better balance between the market and government .
Growth itself increases tax revenues and reduces the need for social expenditures , such as unemployment benefits .
And , with housing prices continuing to fall , GDP growth faltering , and unemployment remaining stubbornly high -LRB- one of six Americans who would like a full-time job still can not get one -RRB- , more stimulus , not austerity , is needed -- for the sake of balancing the budget as well .
But , as Bush tried to deceive America about the wars ' costs , he underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures -- say , for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
Stimulus programs were sold as being a temporary palliative , needed to bridge the gap until the financial sector recovered and private lending resumed .
To understand what needs to be done , we have to understand the economy 's problems before the crisis hit .
For America and Europe , the need for labor to move out of manufacturing is compounded by shifting comparative advantage : not only is the total number of manufacturing jobs limited globally , but a smaller share of those jobs will be local .
And the structural transformation of the advanced economies , implied by the need to move labor out of traditional manufacturing branches , is occurring very slowly .
Around the world , we have underutilized resources -- people who want to work , machines that lie idle , buildings that are empty -- and huge unmet needs : fighting poverty , promoting development , and retrofitting the economy for global warming , to name just a few .
I think this is a risky strategy ; if a strong US recovery is not around the corner , then Europe needs to act on its own , using the standard counter-cyclical tools of monetary and fiscal policy .
It is a weakness that -LRB- unlike in America -RRB- also carries a broad consensus : most agree that it needs to be addressed , and that government has the obligation to do so .
Foreign ownership of banks was supposed to ensure their stability ; it was expected that foreign banks would come to the rescue of their Argentine subsidiaries if they needed money .
What the economy needs is reactivation , and government policies must focus on this task .
Directing credit in order to increase supply of goods need not be inflationary ; on the contrary , the increased supply of domestically produced goods may be an effective instrument for combating inflation .
Appropriate accounting , separating expenditures for recapitalizing banks from ordinary expenditures , such as those needed to run hospitals and schools , would make clear that these expenditures are not by themselves inflationary .
This is one way of making globalization work to benefit those in need .
As a result of these failures , a global consensus has emerged that the global financial crisis was mismanaged and that reforms are needed in the global economic architecture .
? Greater intellectual coherence is needed .
President Bush could even stabilize the economy , offering better unemployment benefits to provide needed stimulus if the downturn continues .
All they needed to do was boost the stock price , then cash in their option .
Some even suggest that capitalism needs wars , that without them , recession would always lurk on the horizon .
US Democrats argued that if America faced an economic downturn , the government needed the flexibility to run a deficit .
Similarly , some argue that the country needs a mild dose of inflation , while Japan 's central bank continues to resist the very idea that inflation could ameliorate any economic problem .
You do n't need an economics doctorate to recognize that , in developing countries , you ca n't impose a tax on all commodities .
Technocrats and financial market players who benefit from this institutional arrangement have done an impressive job of convincing many countries of its virtues , and of the need to treat monetary policy as a technical matter that should be put above politics .
Likewise , developing countries need to consider not only the central bank 's independence , but also its mandate and representativeness .
They need to balance concerns about economic efficiency with those of democratic accountability .
For example , if economic growth in the center were strong but smaller countries were showing weaknesses , monetary policy would be determined by the needs of the center .
Smaller countries would not get the monetary stimulation they needed .
The ECB is unlikely to pay serious attention to Sweden 's specific needs , so Sweden will probably not be given the wiggle room granted its larger neighbors .
After the failure of the Argentina bail out , the IMF recognized the need for an alternative approach .
Finally , the IMF recognized that just as individuals need the right to a fresh start , so do governments .
Regrettably , it set standards and procedures such that few countries achieve the debt relief they need .
Before addressing what needs to be done , let me first say bravo for the debt relief provided at last year 's G-7 meeting .
Trade can be a powerful engine for economic growth , and economic growth is badly needed in postcommunist and developing countries .
Of course , some initial costs will need to be paid if this happens , but given the strength of the world 's richest economies , they will easily adapt .
So a third issue needs to be tackled : democratize the IMF and World Bank .
For this reason , coming to terms with the illegitimate privatizations of the 1990 's , which are at the root of wealth inequality in Russia , is something that still needs to be done -- and not only as a matter of justice ; it is important for the long-term performance of Russia 's economy .
The events in Iraq demonstrate the failure of democratic processes at the international level -- and the need to strengthen them .
America has also come to recognize the need to forgive Iraq 's debts , which will require rapprochement and cooperation with traditional US allies that opposed the war .
Whatever one thinks of the many concrete suggestions made by the Commission , this much is clear : we need a more inclusive debate about globalization , one in which more voices are heard , and in which there is more focus on the social dimensions of globalization . This is a message the world would do well to heed , lest discontent with globalization continue to grow .
The Fund now openly talks about the need to focus on poverty , and it candidly acknowledges that it had imposed too much conditionality when providing financing to poor countries .
Europe needs structural reforms , but such reforms alone will not end the Continent 's malaise , and some measures - those that weaken employment protection or the social safety net - may come at a high price , especially for people at the bottom .
The Bush administration has also trampled on citizens ' basic right to know what their government is doing , refusing , for example , to disclose who was on the task force that shaped its energy policy - though one really does n't need that information to see that it was shaped by the oil industry and for the oil industry .
Had Bush only gone along with the democratic processes enshrined in the UN Charter , the trauma of Iraq need not have occurred .
It is clear that the checks needed to prevent abuse in the Iraqi and Afghan prisons were not in place , and that the Bush Administration had created a climate that made such abuses more likely , if not inevitable .
But genuinely beneficial agricultural reform would need to go further than merely transforming export subsidies into other types of subsidies , because many supposedly non-distorting subsidies lead to more output , which hurts producers in developing countries by lowering prices .
Developing countries also need access for the unskilled labor-intensive services in which they have a comparative advantage .
Now that rich countries no longer need to worry about losing the developing world to Communism , they have an opportunity to redefine the global economic order according to the same principles on which they built successful national economies : fair competition and social justice .
-LRB- As the old adage has it , banks only like to lend to those who do not need money . -RRB-
An interconnected world needs cooperation and collective action .
Bush says that reform is urgently needed , because the system will be insolvent in about a quarter-century .
One does n't need a Nobel Prize to figure that out .
With higher risk , there is a chance that , 40 years from now , many individuals will find themselves with less than they need to retire .
At the time , there was already overwhelming evidence of a serious problem that needed to be addressed , and data since then - -- concerning , for example , the rapid melting of the polar ice cap -- have strongly reinforced this conclusion .
Despite the demise of colonialism , candidates from developing countries -- the focus of the IMF 's activities -- need not apply .
The inevitable result has been the IMF 's inability to manage crises , incomprehension of the needs of transition economies , and a failure to promote development .
The IMF needs a new paradigm , not a warmed-over embodiment of a stale and repugnant ideology .
With President Bush at the table , the `` spin masters '' who put a victorious gloss on all his actions had little need to lower expectations concerning the outcome of the G-8 meeting in Scotland . Any agreement would be seen as a major achievement .
More debt relief -- encompassing more countries and more debt -LRB- including bilateral debt -RRB- -- is needed .
As Britain itself has pointed out , developing countries need more assistance and a fairer international trade regime .
Countries need to rely on themselves and mobilize domestic resources -LRB- although the IMF frequent insistence on tight monetary and fiscal policies often makes this more difficult . -RRB-
But there continues to be an enormous need for imported goods -- medicines to promote health , technology to reduce the knowledge gap between the developing countries and the rest of the world , and machines to enhance productivity .
The Bush administration 's response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that , while they might send their boys to fight America 's wars , they had not only been left behind in America 's prosperity , but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most .
The market did not respond to the need for evacuation by sending in huge convoys of buses to get people out ; in some places , it did respond by tripling hotel prices in neighboring areas , which , while reflecting the marked change in supply and demand , is reviled as price gouging .
The Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen has emphasized that most famines are associated not with a shortage of food , but the failure to get food to the people who need it , largely because they lack purchasing power .
But even if they had had the money , it is not obvious that markets would have responded quickly enough to provide the needed supply ; in times of crisis , they often simply do n't .
On the contrary , I believe that the Iraq debacle underscores the value of the UN , and the need to strengthen it further .
But the UN needs to be strengthened , by , for example , funding a permanent peacekeeping force .
Globalization has meant closer international integration , and that in turn has meant a greater need for collective action .
According to Greenspan , immediate action needed to be taken to avert this looming disaster , which would impede the Fed 's ability to conduct monetary policy !
Unemployment harms workers , while the lower interest rates needed to generate more jobs may lead to higher inflation , which especially harms those with nominal assets whose value is eroded .
Europe continues to be a mixed picture , with the European Central Bank almost perversely raising interest rates even as Europe 's economy needs further stimulation to ensure its recovery .
Concern is mounting in Congress , with suggestions of the need for re-nationalization .
America has heralded globalization . But it should now recognize that with globalization comes interdependence , and with interdependence comes the need for collective decision making in all the areas that affect us collectively .
Even if they do , they will need assistance , not only to extract their resources , but also to improve the health and education of all Bolivians -- to ensure long-term economic growth and social welfare .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
To compete on a level playing field would force these countries to subsidize their farmers , diverting scarce funds that are needed for education , health , and infrastructure .
We have become more interdependent , increasing the need to act together , but we do not have the institutional frameworks for doing this effectively and democratically .
Never has the need for international organizations like the IMF , the World Bank , and the World Trade Organization been greater , and seldom has confidence in these institutions been lower .
Just as there is no `` one size fits all '' policy for economic development , there is no such policy for fighting corruption . The response to corruption needs to be as complex and variegated as corruption itself .
Indeed , some countries with large dollar reserves -- hardly in need of World Bank credit -- borrowed from the Bank at far higher interest rates than they were getting from the United States , believing that these procedures would help ensure high-quality projects free of corruption and become standard in other areas .
Third , the World Bank 's primary responsibility is to fight poverty , which means that when it confronts a poor country plagued with corruption , its challenge is to figure out how to ensure that its own money is not tainted and gets to projects and people that need it .
Because markets are always efficient , there is no need for government intervention .
There needs to be a new `` coalition of the willing , '' this time perhaps led by Europe -- and this time directed at a real danger .
It would be part of the portfolio of methods for encouraging and supporting research . A prize fund would work well in areas in which needs are well known -- the case for many diseases afflicting the poor -- allowing clear goals to be set in advance .
For innovations that solve problems or meet needs that have not previously been widely recognized , the patent system would still play a role .
Of course , Europe faces great challenges in perfecting its economic union , including the need to reduce unemployment and boost the economy 's dynamism .
Many lessons have emerged , including the dangers of hubris and the limits of military power , and the need for a multi-polar world .
But this is a peculiar arrangement : a relatively poor country is helping to finance America 's War on Iraq , as well as a massive tax cut for the richest people in the world 's richest country , while huge needs at home imply ample room for expansion of both consumption and investment .
Providing better social services -LRB- public health care , education , and nation-wide retirement programs -RRB- would reduce the need for `` precautionary '' savings .
But he also hired old friends and political allies -- many of whom did not have experience in development -- and sealed himself off from his staff , alienating the very people whose support he needed .
Today , money goes to countries that are neither most in need nor can most effectively use it .
In the midst of the 1997 crisis , a consensus developed that there was a need for a change in the global financial architecture : the world needed to do better in preventing crises and dealing with them when they occur .
For example , when the IMF correctly suggested , after Argentina 's crisis , that there needed to be a better way of restructuring debt -LRB- an international bankruptcy procedure -RRB- , the US vetoed the initiative .
The second lesson is that in a highly integrated world , there is a need for a credible international financial institution to design the rules of the road in ways that enhance global stability and promote economic growth in developing countries .
Reforms are still needed -- including an overhaul of the global reserve system .
It is the victims of predatory lenders who need government help .
There are many lessons for America , and the rest of the world ; but among them is the need for greater financial sector regulation , especially better protection against predatory lending , and more transparency .
Similarly , the countries caught up in the East Asia crisis were lectured on the need for greater transparency and better regulation .
Following the 1997 crisis , there was a consensus that fundamental reform of the global financial architecture were needed .
They need the resources , and the incentives , to maintain their forests . The global benefits of supporting them far outweigh the costs .
Developed countries need only figure out the minimum price they have to pay developing countries to go along .
America will need to provide disability compensation to an estimated 40 % of the 1.65 million troops that have already been deployed .
In addition , some of the billions spent to subsidize Western farmers should now be spent to help poorer developing countries meet their basic food and energy needs .
Most importantly , both developing and developed countries need to abandon inflation targeting .
Above all , there is a constant need for humility about `` science-based decisions . ''
I also am convinced of the need to find ways to bring into play the resources of countries with large reserves .
The Fund will play its part , but all these actions are needed to reinforce the credibility of the coordinated global response to the crisis .
They , too , will need help from the international community .
The Tanzania conference will allow us to assess what we have learned from past successes , as well as what needs to change in the future .
The IMF 's Lending Overhaul The International Monetary Fund should be an essential port of call for emerging-market and developing countries facing financing needs .
Now and in the future , the world needs the IMF to respond flexibly and effectively to its members ' needs .
Normal limits on access to IMF resources are being doubled -- a development consistent with the growing consensus that the Fund 's lending capacity needs to be at least doubled given the severity of this crisis .
Now , even with the best rules and supervision , crises will still occur -- which is why we need effective resolution mechanisms to deal with institutions that get into trouble .
And , finally , given powerful interactions within the financial sector and across the broader economy , we need an overarching framework to manage risks in the financial system as a whole .
Yet we are far from having the supervision needed for proper implementation of the rules .
Monetary policy needs to look beyond its core focus on low and stable inflation and pay much greater attention to financial stability .
Clearly , we need to get a better handle on what is driving these capital inflows .
We also need to identify the best policies for dealing with them -- keeping in mind the impact of these policies on the global economy as a whole .
But more is needed , and the Fund is exploring cooperation with regional financing mechanisms , as well as new ways to use its instruments in a systemic crisis .
But each side 's interests need not be mutually exclusive .
China 's leaders need to be persuaded that conceding this point does not imply letting Taiwan move towards de jure independence .
And the People 's Republic will need to recognize that the best way to entice Taiwanese to embrace reunification is to make the proposition so attractive that they can not resist .
There is no need to set a timetable for this .
The absence of a common denominator among EU governments ' positions has hardly been conducive to the emergence of the cogent and reliable diplomacy needed to address the Middle East 's deep problems .
The growing need for measures to correct global imbalances was met with disbelief by influential policymakers and market analysts alike : `` Why change a winning formula ? ''
In today 's interdependent world , a coordinated strategy is needed to avoid recession and to return lasting stability to financial markets .
Rather , deficit countries need to export their way back to balance , while imports should increase in surplus countries .
Moreover , productive investments are needed in the poorest countries to resume or sustain economic development .
Policymakers need the fiscal and monetary space to move in this direction .
Institutionalizing a mechanism for broad-based international economic surveillance and policy coordination will be an important longer-term goal , but at this point , world leaders urgently need to rebalance global demand and improve the management of the exchange-rate system .
Such a coordinated response will need to address immediate short-term problems as well as provide medium-term solutions without plunging the world economy into another painful recession .
While recognizing the challenges in designing policies to address such problems , there is an urgent need to move beyond rhetoric .
At the international level , cooperation and coordination among countries are needed to counteract the pressures of the current `` race to the bottom '' in the global competition for investment and markets .
As individual savings accounts figure increasingly in social protection systems , governments need to provide adequate economic security for those who can not benefit from such social protection schemes .
Even now , there is enough food in the world , with a bumper harvest this year , but more people can not afford to buy the food they need .
There is now an urgent need to finance existing food aid programs to address mounting food demands , avert further social unrest , and ensure that farmers get the costlier farm inputs they need for the next planting season .
Clearly , a `` new deal '' for food security is urgently needed .
At current prices , between $ 10 and $ 20 per person per day would be needed to reach that threshold .
So what is needed is massive public investment in cleaner energy provision , coupled in the short term with appropriate subsidies to offset high initial prices .
The scale of the needed support is comparable to the Marshall Plan , which committed 1 % of the United States ' GDP per year to help European reconstruction after World War II .
But if poverty is defined principally in terms of the money income needed to avoid hunger , how can announcements such as these be reconciled ?
The most important lesson is the need for sustained rapid growth and structural economic transformation .
Governments need to play a developmental role , with implementation of integrated policies designed to support inclusive output and employment growth , as well as to reduce inequality and promote social justice .
Such an approach needs to be complemented by appropriate industrial investment and technology policies , and by inclusive financial facilities designed to support them .
In addition , new and potentially viable production capacities need to be fostered through complementary developmental policies .
Urgent action is needed , as the recent financial and economic crisis , following hard on the heels of the food-price crisis , is believed to have set back progress on poverty reduction even further .
Hence , the US current-account deficit can not be addressed without dealing with related problems : first , the lack of a proper international reserve-currency arrangement , and , second , the perceived need of emerging-market economies with liberalized capital accounts to accumulate reserves for protection against volatile capital flows .
While these undoubtedly need to be addressed in the longer term , prioritizing them now effectively stymies stronger , sustained recovery efforts .
But it is counter-cyclical efforts , institutions , and instruments that are sorely needed instead .
Already , the controversy over Tunisian migrants in Italy has started to fray the political underpinnings that allow free movement in the Schengen area . The war in Libya , meanwhile , could lead to many more thousands of civilians fleeing the violence and needing international protection .
Yet , at the same time , as its baby boomers retire en masse in the coming decade , Europe will need workers at all skill levels .
The trick will be to ensure that migrants are given the chance to acquire the skills that European employers need , and that they have the chance to move in a safe , legal , and orderly fashion .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
Since its inception in 2006 , the Global Forum on Migration and Development -LRB- GFMD -RRB- has provided a much-needed platform for dialogue among states and other stakeholders on issues related to migration and development .
From my perspective at the OSCE , it is clear that far more needs to be done :
Most of Europe , for example , needs better crime prevention and a serious effort at cracking down on illegal immigration .
Of course , most European countries need to rethink the foundations of their welfare state .
Working life needs to be lengthened , public pensions are often too generous , labor markets too rigid .
In a world of internal and external security threats , the EU will need a stronger executive capable of reacting quickly to unfolding events .
Fundamental political reform is needed .
Larry Summers , the former US Treasury Secretary and now president of Harvard University , once called the single European currency a `` distraction '' from the serious supply-side reforms Europe needed to confront .
Overhauling Europe 's shaky supply-side foundations is the key challenge facing the euro revolution , and it is a challenge that needs to be addressed at its national-level roots .
But , despite the grim parallel , Japan 's government does not seem to think that it needs to take the problem seriously .
What is most needed is consistent and stable macroeconomic management .
This suggests that fiscal rescue will be extremely difficult if and when trouble starts -- and underscores the urgent need for real political leadership now .
Second , the renminbi is expected to appreciate substantially in the coming years , owing not only to pressure over China 's huge trade surplus , but also to the Chinese government 's understanding that a stronger renminbi , despite its negative impact on exporters , is needed to fight inflation .
The world 's expectations for responsible economic management by the governments of both China and Japan -- and thus the need for it -- are growing by the day .
Although a tax increase will undoubtedly be needed , it is the wrong priority at the moment -- and could prove counter-productive if it causes the economy to decline dramatically .
This should not be surprising . He used to be involved in civic movements and groups -- like environmental organizations -- that take little heed of the need for economic growth .
Increasing the tax burden seems almost a natural part of such a mindset , as does ignorance of the need for increased economic competition .
But that means that international regulations will be needed to limit government intervention , or at least to define the circumstances in which it will be deemed acceptable .
While reducing this gap to 3 % of GDP has led to higher prices , this is exactly what Japan needs after years of persistent deflation .
But , whatever we choose to call it , the danger is that the global economic crisis is providing an almost perfect alibi for governments and others in the region to continue with `` business as usual , '' when what is needed is a loud wake-up call .
For this to be made concrete , new instruments are needed , such as a Regional Stabilization Fund , a Water and Energy Community , regional social cohesion , and a regional industrial policy .
Indeed , funds for `` needy countries '' may never reach the neediest of individuals , such as internally displaced or stateless persons , because no one takes responsibility for them .
It is an example of the methodology urgently needed to initiate a paradigm shift in WANA .
But what is needed now are policies that will allow WANA to join the third industrial revolution -- the post-carbon economy of renewable energy and the fuel-cell plug-in car .
One may wonder : If investment managers and their clients do n't receive high returns on bank stocks , as they would if they were profiting from bankers ' externalization of risk onto taxpayers , why do they hold them at all ? The answer is the so-called `` beta '' : banks represent a large share of the S&P 500 , and managers need to be invested in them .
It thinks it is essential to locate refineries , industries , and additional energy-generating units in parts of the country that are both suited for such development and in need of it .
Mexico 's oil fields are diminishing , which means that it may need to look for external supplies .
Japan has relied entirely on the US for its security needs for over fifty years and the Japanese government essentially believes that it has no option but to agree with the US or to keep silent .
Of course , most Japanese politicians , media commentators , and academics understand the need for this stance , and the Japanese trait of putting a lid on troublesome issues reinforces this silence , compounding all problems in foreign policy .
Criticizing Japan 's silence need not undermine the Japanese-US strategic alliance .
But Japan urgently needs such a debate if it is to respond to a world exposed to the threat of terrorism and gripped by fear .
The best way to avoid this risk is for Iraq to raise its level of cooperation towards the inspections unconditionally and show all the proof needed to dispel the allegations leveled against it .
But Putin needs to be convinced to take the lead . His hope for better relations with Japan gives Japan 's leaders leeway to nudge him in this direction .
A clear statement from the government , now rather than later , on what contribution Japan would make to any post-war reconstruction effort in Iraq is needed .
Transparency of this kind is needed if Japan is to make a stronger contribution to world affairs and help prevent the 21
So transatlantic coordination is needed , to ensure that any trade of sophisticated arms and weapons-related technologies with China does nothing to enhance China 's military power , and that competition between Western producers of goods that may legitimately be sold to China does not damage Western political unity .
Something similar is urgently needed now .
But it is Kazakhstan 's strong secular tradition , inherited from its Soviet past , and a very large European Christian minority -LRB- approximately 40 % of its 15.2 million people -RRB- that make it a society that the West needs to encourage , given the Islamic arc of instability upon which it sits .
In Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , Bangladesh now has a charismatic leader whose massive electoral mandate augurs well for creating the type of strong , secular government that the country needs .
Bangladesh needs only to look west to India and Pakistan to see the threat posed by Islamist terrorism .
Bangladesh is a country rich with human potential , but that potential can only be realized by making poor people 's needs -- which Islamists around the world have previously made their own political territory -- the new government 's top priority .
Not likely . Thus clear principles are needed , as neither self-determination nor the inviolability of national borders can be treated as sacrosanct in every case .
If Somaliland 's imminent multi-party elections are reasonably fair and open , the outside world , including the AU and the United Nations , will need to reconsider its status , which has been fudged since the collapse of Siad Barre 's regime in 1991 .
So the world may soon need to test whether the controversial principles it brought to bear in Kosovo have the same meaning in Africa .
Economic deterioration in Bangladesh would only worsen inter-communal tensions and provide a fertile breeding ground for jihadis , but the reforms needed to head off decline are often blocked by political infighting and opposition boycotts .
The EU needs to tell Iran that unless it releases the British hostages and moderates its nuclear ambitions , it will receive no export guarantees .
Europe 's political leaders need to recognize that now is the time to facilitate change in Iran by suspending export credit guarantees , stopping EIB financing , and speaking with a united voice .
The problem for Italian officials , as for the other governments concerned by the recent migration flows , is the pressure of right-wing populist parties , which no longer need to be on the defensive .
TUNIS -- Ten months after the collapse of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali 's authoritarian regime , Tunisia has produced a remarkable balancing act between the revolutionary urge for change and a pragmatic need for continuity .
Whereas Egypt struggles with the need to assert civilian control over the military , the Tunisian army has stayed out of politics .
Rather than debate with her counterparts , Clinton needs to ensure that other countries in the six-party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed .
A moral but pragmatic community needs to be constructed , with all in agreement on how to deal with Myanmar .
But more is needed and should be expected of him .
Starting with Japan , Obama needs to ensure a good working relationship with Yukio Hatoyama , the new premier .
ASEAN meetings are sometimes criticized as `` talking shops , '' but this time dialogue and strategic leadership are needed immensely .
Ironically , the two leaders who most emphasized the need for leadership in Asia and across the Pacific recently left office .
But more may be needed .
An ASEAN +8 meeting of leaders could then evolve its own modalities to suit the wider geographical group , and would not need to be held each year .
There is a need for substantive engagement , so that a leaders ' meeting makes sense . After all , there is already APEC for economic issues , as well as the US-ASEAN Summit , inaugurated last year .
Democratic societies , by contrast , need to be bonded more powerfully than some chance grouping .
The answer that we as individuals accept is that we are free because we rule ourselves in common , rather than being ruled by some agency that need not take account of us .
The real question , then , is this : Where are the crossover figures who can provide that urgently needed connection ?
Increased liquidity in international capital markets also reduced the need to obtain multilateral financing , and with it the need to accept conditions like privatization of natural resources and deregulation of public utilities .
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
Of the 30 Latin American countries included in this year 's report , only one-third have lower HDI rankings than GDP rankings , and only a few -- those with the region 's greatest need for significant improvements in social infrastructure , particularly provision of health and education -- show large discrepancies .
The will of the voters becomes subordinated to the need to end the chaos .
But the concrete policies needed to realize this aim are not , since reforming the welfare state and labor markets means more competition , which scares many citizens .
Older tribal and clan loyalties in Africa were mangled by the boundaries drawn , in distant cities like Berlin , for colonially-created states whose post-independence leaders needed to invent new traditions and national identities .
On the other hand , the incentives for success are not great ; the years of sacrifice and effort it takes to become a world-class athlete are simply not a realistic option to an Indian who needs to make a living , and sponsors are few and far between -LRB- and they are all spending their sponsorship money on cricket -RRB- .
In a coalition-dependent parliamentary system , that could be all she needs to become prime minister .
Instead , the decline in Indian stocks reflected foreign investors ' liquidity problems : they withdrew from holdings in India because they needed their money back home , not because it was n't growing for them .
India clearly has the basic systems it needs to operate a twenty-first-century economy in an open and globalizing world .
Indeed , by striking hotels favored by foreign businessmen and visitors , they undermined the confidence of those whom India needs to sustain its success story .
Terror may add to the time India will need to recover from the economic crisis .
The Swiss writer and playwright Max Frisch once dismissed technology as `` the art of arranging the world so that we need not experience it . '' Today , however , technology is essential to effective participation in our world .
But people need access first and foremost .
This includes four specific targets : `` an open , rule-based , predictable , non-discriminatory trading and financial system '' ; special attention to the needs of least-developed countries ; help for landlocked developing countries and small island states ; and national and international measures to deal with developing countries ' debt problems .
We need a genuine partnership , in which developing countries take the lead , determining what they most acutely need and how best to use it .
India needed no ethical lessons from a United States and a Britain that have long coddled military dictators in India 's South Asian neighborhood , notably in Pakistan .
One immediate implication of serving on the Council will be the need to take positions on matters that in recent years some Indian mandarins have preferred to duck -- for example , South Sudan , whose referendum on independence threatens to spark serious violence in an area where Indian UN peacekeepers are already serving .
The need to acquire expertise on diverse issues and to participate in the adoption of roughly 60 resolutions a year -LRB- not to mention Presidential Statements on the same issues , which have less legal force but whose adoption requires unanimity -RRB- will test India 's capacity and negotiating skills .
Annan named a high-level panel of eminent persons to look into issues of peace and security , while a parallel group of economists , led by Jeffrey Sachs , studied what was needed to fulfill the development commitments made by world leaders at the Millennium Summit in 2000 . In March , Annan synthesized their key recommendations in a report entitled In Larger Freedom .
The heart of that consensus is the simple principle that you do n't need to agree all the time -- except on the ground rules about how you can disagree .
By and large , India is strong in areas in which China needs to improve , notably software , while China excels at hardware and manufacturing , which India sorely lacks .
The need to supply fuel and open land during rapid economic development had a devastating effect on European and American forests .
But to achieve this , the countries and the international community need to act .
Developing countries need to ensure reliable property rights and policy enforcement in order to generate the incentives needed to protect nature in the future .
In the case of the US , this requires recognizing that the government faces a budget constraint . For China , it means redirecting saving away from reserve accumulation towards cash-strapped small and medium-size enterprises , as well as much-needed investments in education , health care , and affordable housing .
But low levels of labor utilization are largely due to heavier income taxes and social security contributions , as well as high social benefit levels introduced at a time when the labor force was growing rapidly and the need to replace involuntary with voluntary unemployment seemed more urgent than today .
These measures will need to be revisited both to increase the supply of labor and to make public finances more sustainable .
Although a long agenda of reforms is beginning to be tackled , first in Germany and , more recently and cautiously , in France , the results are slow in coming and public understanding of the need for change remains limited .
The Egyptian high command did not need to worry that rank-and-file soldiers would disobey orders , because they were protecting the citizenry .
But this falls far short of what is needed to arrest the currency union 's deepening crisis .
To prevent this , the eurozone needs a `` risk-free '' interest rate .
The struggling economies need lower borrowing costs , or they will suffocate economically -LRB- and political support for eurozone membership will evaporate -RRB- .
Only mutualization of debt issuance can generate the low -LRB- risk-free -RRB- interest rate needed to enable these countries to put their public finances on a sound footing and lay the basis for a return to economic growth .
Careful thought would need to be given to the composition of the new fiscal body .
The eurozone , of course , has a poor record of enforcing fiscal rules , implying the need for strong penalties for non-compliance .
There are four key issues that need to be tackled if we are to ensure that Europe emerges from this crisis strengthened .
The Lisbon Treaty offers a fundamental redesign of how the Union works , but , despite the pressing need to enhance EU institutions ' mobility and flexibility , it is still awaiting ratification .
The EU must not stand aside when solidarity is needed .
This has brought the region much needed stability .
Yet the EBRD does more than make much-needed loans .
This crisis has shown that the need for adequately capitalized public institutions is enormous . This will remain the case for the foreseeable future .
But the region 's financial sector remains under stress , and a protracted adjustment process still lies ahead in response to rising levels of non-performing loans and banks ' recapitalization needs .
One element that central banks and regulators frequently mention is a new regulatory regime : the crisis revealed that institutional and regulatory frameworks in the EBRD region need to be reformed to introduce macro-prudential standards more systematically and effectively .
After all , as the London and Madrid bombings demonstrated , a cell phone is all that is needed to time an explosion -- or a series of explosions -- with deadly efficiency .
Greater efforts at infiltrating terror networks are needed , as is a deeper knowledge of the social structures created by the terrorists , in order to block their financial support .
It is precisely to prevent the development of a collective security fear that we need to alter the equilibrium between security and freedom .
It might even find , along the way , a new and urgently needed motivation to reinforce its fraying unity .
We need more translations of the ideas and literatures of other countries , more long stays abroad for university students , more teaching of foreign languages and encouragement of study about other cultures , and more confrontation between national memories -LRB- say , between France and Algeria -RRB- .
Restructuring relations between the state and the private sector in the hydrocarbons ' sector has provided the central government with the resources and capacities needed to rebuild an extremely weak state .
The paradox is that a US in crisis now needs Latin America more than ever .
Conversely , legislative elections in March gave the Mockus-Fajardo ticket only minimal representation in the two chambers of Congress , implying that any government that they form would need all the legislative allies that it can find in order to enact its agenda .
If , as appears increasingly likely , Mockus becomes president , his agenda promises to be prudent -- neither a leap into the void nor immobilized by the need for profound changes .
Three issues will hold his attention initially : the potent mafia subculture that has arisen over the last decade , the need to redirect a development model marked by extensive inequality , and avoidance of isolation and overreaction in the country 's foreign relations .
Despite widespread misperceptions about the practical impact of genomic research , the science has hit its stride , and we need to capitalize on this momentum if we are to realize the opportunity of individualized medicine .
To be sure , absentee farming by elites and educated urban workers ca n't solve all of Africa 's urgent food needs .
NAIROBI -- At long last , Kenya is getting a new constitution , something that had eluded our country for decades , even though almost everyone knew that one was needed .
To fulfill the new constitution 's great promise , we will need to change a culture that fosters corruption .
Sometimes what Africa needs is more common sense and people who - unlike African 's powerful `` Big Men '' - are willing to set aside their pride and ask simple questions that others do n't want to face .
On the contrary , accumulating reserves beyond a certain threshold carries a high opportunity cost and suggests the need to let the currency appreciate .
The traditional model of trading financial support for conditionality does not bode well with emerging economies that , despite having strong macroeconomic fundamentals , still need help to cope with external shocks . `` Giving confidence '' to this sort of customer requires the capacity to provide quick , automatic , meaningful , and front-loaded financial support ; otherwise , accumulating reserves and pooling them in regional agreements will still look like a more reliable option .
Its financial support is limited to a percentage of members ' quotas , which do not reflect their potential borrowing needs .
According to the `` new quota formula , '' members that issue international reserve currencies still appear to be those with more `` potential need to borrow '' from the IMF . This is laughable .
So this brings us to the need to increase `` normal '' access limits .
If the IMF is to provide short-term liquidity to members in need , a crucial question that must be resolved is whether such financial assistance should be available only to those with strong macroeconomic fundamentals .
Overly strict qualification criteria are likely to deter members that may need this kind of support most from applying for it ; but overly loose criteria may stigmatize potential users .
The scale of premium rates would need to be transparent but the actual cost of access for individual members would remain strictly confidential -LRB- as in any insurance contract -RRB- .
Some argue that furnishing members with rapid and front-loaded liquidity insurance would encourage irresponsible policies or reckless borrowing . Admittedly , it could help members cope better with volatility and , therefore , be more open to inflows of short-tern capital , but this need not result in bad policies .
The IMF must change this . `` Normal access '' should be raised to levels that are concomitant with members ' potential need to borrow , and a new liquidity line to provide reliable and meaningful front-loaded financial support should be created .
We need a deal by the end of 2009 in order to institute more ambitious cuts to greenhouse gas emissions .
How can it be right that those least responsible for global warming will be the worst hit and the least able to affect the global deal that we need ?
Russia 's leaders clearly recognize the country 's true current condition , so they accept the need to concentrate on vital interests .
This means that we need to be more careful in using the language of democracy when talking about Russia .
What it needs is to institutionalize that freedom by building a modern state to replace the antiquated tsarist system .
It also needs a modern civil society to consolidate its multi-ethnic post-imperial population .
A better analytical model is needed .
Both members need each other .
The country 's backwardness vis-à-vis not only the West , but also some of the emerging powers drives home the need to modernize Russia 's technological base .
So Russia needed to adjust its foreign policy .
We need a new deal for trade .
Political institutions needed to catch up .
This means that government can no longer afford to view issues in isolation ; its operations need to be de-compartmentalized and flattened , as well as streamlined .
But Russia 's government still needs to set up a transparent and accountable structure to manage its sovereign wealth .
It probably still needs to fall another 10 % .
Russia 's leaders acknowledge the need for modernization , and pay it frequent lip-service , as is evidenced by President Dmitri Medvedev 's manifesto `` Go , Russia ! '' But the incentives to escape the resource trap are weakened by the overwhelming importance of the resource rents to the wider political elite .
When the economy was near collapse during the recent crisis , we thought that the government would recognize the need to push ahead with radical reforms that would eventually lead to a diverse , de-centralized , and fast-growing economy .
Moreover , there is no need to reinvent the wheel .
The so-called Gref Program -LRB- named after former Minister of the Economy German Gref -RRB- foresaw many of the reforms that are vitally needed -- privatization , deregulation , accession to the World Trade Organization , and reform of the government , natural monopolies , and social security .
Medvedev has in the past recognized both the need to attract Russian and foreign investment and the country 's dismal investment climate .
Many countries - including the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Poland - run large budget deficits and need to implement medium-term reforms to make their pension systems sustainable and to overhaul overly generous social security systems .
It is also appropriate for an economy where goods and services fulfill people 's needs and where products compete on their technical or functional features .
The disruption caused by emerging communications technologies consists in the fact that the best pens may not be on the staffs of newspapers , and that policies need not be formulated only in the corridors of government .
Regulators need to hire industry experts to regulate effectively ; but industry experts are almost bound to share the industry 's implicit assumptions .
Instead of investing in weapons of mass annihilation , governments must allocate resources towards meeting human needs .
In light of the escalating violent repression of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change -- and of those whose support apparently helped the MDC to prevail in the presidential election , the results of which have still not been announced after four weeks -- an international arms embargo on Zimbabwe is urgently needed .
We believe , as was recognized at the UN World Summit , that military force should only be a last resort when needed to prevent or halt large-scale loss of life .
Ukraine needs and is ready for such a sign .
Ukrainians need not wait long to improve their lives .
By placing Ukraine 's energy needs in the hands of a shadowy company linked to international criminals , the agreement has planted the seeds of new and perhaps more dangerous crises .
Ukraine 's energy needs , and thus the certainty of energy supplies across Europe , will never be secure as long as gas transit is in the hands of secretive companies with unknown owners .
It must consider where and in what sort of Europe it fits , what balance it should strike between Russia and the European Union , and how it should find the self-assurance needed to play its full part in world affairs .
But diversification is also needed in that country 's politics , because the only opposition that has any strength in the country is worryingly Islamic fundamentalist .
If we are to see a stronger Europe emerge from today 's challenges , visionary French leadership is needed again .
Just as the US Federal Reserve has engaged in credit and currency swaps with Brazil , Mexico , Singapore , and South Korea and other countries to ease their access to the dollars they need , the European Central Bank must offer such swap arrangements to Europe 's non-euro countries in order for trade and production processes to continue .
Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless ; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin ; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars ; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that can not meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine 's people .
It parrots soothing words about democratic principles , about the need for `` social stability , '' and about signs of long-term economic growth that it alone sees .
It is so much easier -- and often less costly -- to avoid individuals ' tragic circumstances than it is to adjust your policies to their needs .
Political prisoners , hungry children , the homeless Chernobyl refugees , or the irradiated workers in need of a lifetime of medical help -- to dismiss their plight , to refuse to offer some spark of hope , is to exile them to a netherworld of helplessness .
To change a system that seems best suited to Ukraine 's circumstances , you need a good reason .
What is needed are clear checks on arbitrary rule , and transparency in decision-making .
But in today 's European Union , Groucho need not apply .
A country equipped to join the EU is a country equipped to make its way in the world peacefully , if it chooses to do so . Europe needs such countries on its border .
We will need the solidarity of our neighbors , and of freedom-loving peoples around the world , to assure that our democratic dreams are realized in peace .
It will try to erode our support by infiltrating our protests with loyalists who will carry the virus of defeatism , and it will seek to outflank us by appealing to ordinary , hard-working Ukrainians , worried about feeding and clothing their children , that a tottering economy needs stability to be saved .
A vibrant Ukrainian democracy will need the comradeship of Russia and of Europe to build the kind of society that our people desire .
For we need no reminding of what must be Ukraine 's priority .
In 2006 alone , China added about 93,000 megawatts of coal - fired electricity generating capacity , and this trend is expected to continue as the country tries to meet its huge energy needs .
Turkey 's foreign-policy choices were constrained by the need to remain aligned with its security provider .
Nowadays , however , declining threat perceptions have fundamentally altered this perspective , and reduced Turkey 's need to act in unison with the West .
But schools must be able to meet the needs and abilities of individual children in a way that makes learning a stimulating adventure .
Moreover , private schools are not seen as mere supplements to public schools , but as fully-fledged alternatives , so they need not offer something different .
Preventing aid from reaching those in need is bad enough .
The Fight for Food GENEVA -- Every year , 3.5 million mothers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases .
At GAIN , we are convinced that there is an urgent need to fight malnutrition if the world wants to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals , which commit the world to halving global poverty and hunger by 2015 .
New technologies will have reduced the amount of energy needed to power buildings and vehicles .
But , faced with the need to manage climate risk for our investors and our descendants , we believe the Blueprints outcomes provide the best balance between economy , energy , and environment .
Because CO2 capture and storage adds costs and yields no revenues , government support is needed to make it happen quickly on a scale large enough to affect global emissions .
Many of the conditions needed for a democratic transformation -- a vibrant and organized civil society , a relatively free press , and well-respected opposition figures , as well as a variety of battered but breathing political parties of different persuasions -- are already present .
As it did during Ukraine 's Orange Revolution in 2004 , Europe needs to show that it stands for democracy , not merely for stability .
Until this happens , dangerous days lie ahead until Obama 's inauguration , and the international community will need strong , level-headed politicians to see it through .
The country had not reformed previously - the theory went - because it did not need to .
If you need to borrow for liquidity , world market will supply those funds at reasonable interest rates .
By underscoring the need to avoid trade protectionism and other beggar-thy-neighbor policies , it also put some pressure on governments concerning what not to do .
If the G-20 wants to play a major role in the post-crisis global decision-making process , the issue of legitimacy vis-à-vis the smaller emerging countries needs to be addressed now .
Irish banks reportedly need an additional ¤ 24 billion to stay afloat .
This is not to say that a single economic policy should be imposed on everyone ; but Europe does need a higher degree of coordination and convergence to ensure that everyone is at least heading in the same direction .
Agreement is needed on both the rules and the impartial body to enforce them .
Yet the same EU members have failed to endow the European Commission with overall responsibility for holding member governments to their commitments and , where necessary , imposing penalties for breaches . This intergovernmental approach lay behind the Lisbon Agenda 's failure to deliver the results needed to make Europe more competitive and dynamic by 2010 , and the same shortcomings will bedevil its successor , the new `` Europe 2020 '' strategy .
If European countries are to emerge stronger from the current crisis , they need to think bigger and put more faith , not less , in the collective enterprise that is the EU .
Second , European leaders did not feel the need to wait for the US .
Third , in a post-American world , those who took the lead on intervention were aware of the need to act multilaterally .
Whether the outlier is Germany or another EU member state , division need not be fatal .
Although Europe spent last year preoccupied with the financial crisis , the EU 's Lisbon Treaty began to provide the institutional foundations needed to underpin an effective EU-based foreign policy .
Given the need for Europe 's leadership and commitment to multilateralism in a post-American world -- now catalyzed by the crises just to its south -- European foreign policy must grow up fast .
Instead , it needs to invest in the region 's human capital and share Indian know-how .
India 's government needs to carefully watch how its companies and others rise to this challenge .
As a result , investment-banking operations might need to be rescued if they pose a systemic threat .
An active competition policy will be needed .
Never mind that the Russian constitution does not list hospitals among places forbidden for public assembly , or that sick people need democracy , too .
Putin 's and Medvedev 's poll numbers are so high , many argue , that they do n't need to care about a few dissenters .
Such people can not be dismissed as useless , since we need the innovation that they deliver , even if we think Russia does n't need democracy .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
Implementing the `` Hartz Reforms '' has now become a primary government commitment that will distract attention and political will from the reforms that are really needed , namely an overhaul of Germany 's social support system .
Post-election talk abounds about higher wealth taxes , business taxes , and an increase in value-added tax -- precisely the opposite of what Germany 's economy needs .
Eichel 's commitment to balancing the budget is certainly important , but balancing the budget is no substitute for a medium and long-term strategic perspective for fiscal policy that promotes sustainable growth and recognizes the need to invest in Germany 's ailing education system .
So any proposal will be subject to tricky negotiations and the need to cater to the special interests of länder governments , further reducing the prospect of serious reforms being undertaken .
Chancellor Schröder will be confronted by the need finally to address Germany 's real economic problems . The CDU\/CSU and the FDP will be forced to present convincing alternatives to Schröder 's policies .
Draw the line between normality and disorder too broadly , and individuals may suffer incorrect diagnoses and undergo needless and potentially harmful treatment .
But if the line is drawn too narrowly , individuals may not get needed help .
Although psychiatrists tend to worry more about identifying potential patients in need of help and less about eliminating normal eccentricity and distress from diagnosis , it is crucial in any society that respects human variation and encourages individual moral responsibility to distinguish normal suffering and eccentricity from mental disorder .
The DSM-5 proposes to eliminate the weak `` abuse '' category , but only by combining its misconceived criteria with current dependence criteria to form a unified `` substance use disorder '' category , and reducing the number of symptoms needed for diagnosis from three to two .
Normal individuals often need and deserve help , but the decision as to the kind of help they get should not be biased by incorrect labeling of their conditions as mental disorders that suggest something is internally wrong with them .
One freedom-related suggestion is that the US needs stricter laws that keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill .
The US also needs more accessible mental-health services .
Unlike those with physical illnesses , mentally ill individuals often are unaware -- even vehemently deny -- that they have a problem , thus forgoing treatment and losing desperately needed disability benefits .
Even if Mladic or Karadzic are not turned over to the court , there are several top military and civilian leaders of the Srebrenica massacre whose cases are not yet finished , making the need for Tolbert paramount .
Open Education promises to provide children with learning materials tailored to their individual needs , in contrast to today 's `` off the rack '' materials , together with quicker feedback loops that match learning outcomes more directly with content development and improvement .
Now the World Food Program fears that another famine is looming -- the country 's agricultural output will likely fall to 1.8 million tons of grain , far short of the 4.8 million tons needed to supply the meager ration of 7ounces a day -LRB- half the daily allowance for those in UN refugee camps -RRB- ordinary North Koreans receive .
But even that reduced level of aid was disputed by people in Seoul , who argued that conditions on improved North\/South relations needed to be attached .
But whatever the reason , these so-called `` remittances '' -- the cash workers send home to countries like Colombia , Haiti , Jamaica , Mexico , and Bangladesh -- act as a safety net that their governments typically need but can not afford to provide .
Indeed , poor countries also often lack the private insurance needed to offer the type of emergency assistance that citizens of wealthy nations have come to expect .
In addition to providing their families at home with a much-needed source of stable income , expatriate migrant workers send home even more money when catastrophe strikes .
Insurance was scarce and the government offered only limited help , providing a mere fraction of the aid that was actually needed .
Given that family members are the best judge of need , migration and remittances may , in fact , constitute a foreign-aid framework that is better targeted and more effective than any government program can ever be .
Second , China 's fiscal surplus , growing foreign-exchange reserves , and high savings rate have ensured the financial resources needed to maintain adequate investment and sufficiently rapid growth .
Such psychological factors will need continual nurturing .
Once the Chinese recognized their place as newcomers , they had to accept that becoming full nationals of the new nation state was a status that needed to be earned .
They now base their legitimacy on the notion that the Party , which rose to power as the nation fought foreign domination , is uniquely qualified to keep China from being bullied in a hostile international arena , and that only they can provide the stable environment needed for growth .
Outsiders are increasingly convinced that China is a superpower , and that it needs to show that it can be a responsible one . But China 's rulers only sometimes embrace the designation -- and the Party still sometimes behaves as if it had only a tenuous hold on power .
They also stressed the need to be bold , frugal , and highly driven to succeed , as well as the ability to adapt to changing market conditions .
First , there needs to be a level playing field within the EU .
An efficient European financial market also needs centralization of supervisory competences .
Centralized financial supervision would avoid the need for banks to duplicate reports to different authorities , allow financial rules and supervisory practices to be harmonized , and eliminate distortions to competition .
The remaining barriers to cross-border mergers and acquisitions also need to be removed so that EU banks can grow big enough to compete globally .
Germany needs three or four big banks to take their place among Europe 's market leaders and be at the forefront of the consolidation process .
It need not single out Iran , and would be more effective than a unilateral US guarantee to Israel or any other single state .
We need only recall the chaotic atmosphere during the recent United Nations climate conference in Copenhagen to fear the kind of disordered and disappointing result that can arise from the desire of everyone to be in the room and to be applauded everywhere at once -- and to have every means of doing so .
We need only read the contemporary press accounts of any major international conference during this period to realize how important various pressure groups -- not only the press , but also `` peace activists , '' bankers , industrialists , labor unions , religious organizations , and countless others -- were in nearly all of these instances .
The world needs them and their diplomatic baggage more than ever .
Eight years after the 1999 NATO intervention , a 17,000-strong international force is still needed to prevent a resurgence of violence , and Kosovo 's ultimate political status remains unresolved .
SCO members showed no interest in contributing troops to the ISAF , but the declaration did encourage `` other countries ... to participate in the collective efforts '' to combat regional terrorism and to `` consider taking part in transiting non-military cargoes needed by ISAF . ''
For example , northern Afghanistan has unexplored reserves of oil and natural gas that could help meet China 's energy needs .
China and Russia could provide economic assistance and investment to Afghanistan , creating more projects that provide Afghanistan with badly needed jobs and revenue .
In the end , Afghans themselves will need to sustain the economic and security progress that foreign allies can only help to jumpstart .
Unfortunately , it is estimated that `` attacking '' an asteroid would cost billions of dollars , especially since multiple space launches would likely be needed to ensure that the required number of probes could complete the mission .
Russian officials need to retreat from their politically impossible demand for legally binding limitations on US BMD .
To assist them in their tasks , and to assure that the great global issues of the day are addressed in a forum that unites and does not divide , the UN needs to be strengthened in the fields in which NGO 's are working so impressively .
Two new councils , each with comparable power to the Security Council , are needed : a Social Council and an Economic Council .
Why are these new bodies needed ?
Across the board , more global rules are needed so that global efforts to confront poverty , disease , and mass migration can be made consistent , predictable and most of all effective .
In dangerous times such as these , the world 's peoples need to prove their solidarity .
Far more needs to be done .
When facing disasters , all of us feel a need to do something .
It seems better to concentrate on delivering effective treatments to the smaller number of people who really need them , and not on the larger number of people who do n't .
Reform of the structures and working procedures of the EU Commission is also an urgent need .
This is the message that Egypt needs to grasp and embrace .
G-8 governments should urgently and repeatedly undertake quiet , structured , and consistent communications with Egyptian counterparts about the economic reforms needed to bring about prosperity .
The need for economic growth could intrinsically push policymakers toward market-oriented economic policies -LRB- sensitive to considerations of `` social justice '' -RRB- and an open investment environment .
This will require carefully balancing the need to mitigate risks in the unregulated sector with the benefits that its efficiency and innovation provide to the financial system .
The case points to several changes in the way data are collected and released that are urgently needed to determine definitively whether SSRI 's are safe and effective for treating pediatric depression .
Tighter regulation of all clinical trials is needed , as is a public worldwide database that contains trial protocols and regularly updated information about trial status and publications .
Moreover , both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe , and properly designed , non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy .
A single reservoir located in Ethiopia 's scarcely inhabited Blue Nile gorge , for example , could produce large amounts of sorely-needed power for Ethiopia , Sudan , and Egypt , mitigate droughts , and lead to improved irrigation .
To be sure , the need for more and better science education has not been entirely ignored .
It also requires abandoning the longstanding and widespread assumption that understanding science means simply learning a requisite body of facts and problem-solving recipes , and that mastery of those facts is the sole qualification needed to be a science teacher .
Research is needed to ensure that nanomaterials , and the industry that produces them , evolve as environmental assets rather than liabilities .
Concerns over nanomaterials ' possible effects on health and the environment have perhaps overshadowed the pressing need to ensure that their production is clean and environmentally benign .
In order to make the SDR the principal reserve asset via the allocation route , close to $ 3 trillion in SDRs would need to be created , an unrealistic proposition .
That means the city gets more green space and retains more of its history without halting badly needed construction .
Mild depression can result in brooding on negative aspects of self or others , feeling resentful , irritable or angry much of the time , feeling sorry for oneself , and needing constant reassurance from someone .
The `` Russian factor '' will strongly influence the campaign . Greater Western engagement is needed to ensure that the `` Europe factor '' is equally prominent .
But a continuing imbalance and selectivity in the emphasis placed by different states on the Treaty 's three pillars damages the unity that the NPT regime needs .
The US presence in Afghanistan highlights the need for stability in South Asia .
The annual summits need to be made more substantial , and their focus shifted from transatlantic , bilateral issues to aligning EU and US global policies and actions .
One priority should be the development of an appropriate mechanism for ensuring that revenues from the sale of natural gas are properly accounted for , repatriated , and allocated to meet urgent national needs .
The US needs to position itself to respond effectively and flexibly to the twists and turns that a potential transition in Burma may take over time , with an eye toward pressing the Burmese leadership to move in positive directions .
These acts need to be called by their true names -- war crimes and sex crimes -- and people in America need to demand justice for the perpetrators and their victims .
NEW YORK -- Can furry puppets in Day-Glo colors provide the lessons we need to calm the fires of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict ?
In South Africa , the creators asked for -- and got -- a puppet that was an HIV-positive child , since acceptance of such kids was a lesson that local educators told the New York team they needed to teach .
Who needs to read closely , seek evidence , and make a reasoned argument -- skills that the study of poetry , the novel , history , and philosophy provide ?
Who needs to study languages and comparative literature ?
There is a speech that we still need to hear , detailing five tasks that , in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration , he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders .
We are told that in a `` knowledge economy , '' a country needs ever more graduates and formal qualifications to stay competitive .
A modern society does need educated people : not just engineers , chemists , and doctors , but millions of people who can write coherent letters , fill in complicated forms , explain insurance policies , and interpret statistical data from machines on factory floors .
So , while any developed country obviously needs an educated population , the idea that having the most education will get you the most prosperity is a chimera .
Yet our economies still need highly trained craftspeople far more than another batch of arts graduates .
But now we need to match our action with the scale of the challenge .
What needs to be done ?
Aid for the environment averaged about $ 2 billion per year - far short of what the international community , first at the Rio Summit in 1992 and then at the Johannesburg Summit ten years later , said was needed .
If the war on environmental degradation is to be won , we need a major turnaround .
We need the kind of common effort launched a generation ago in agriculture that led to the Green Revolution .
We need to find ways to harness this in order to let young people be conduits for peace and harmony .
Greater awareness of their shared problems should bring greater activism toward developing programs that meet the needs of youth .
We must set our priorities around their need for more opportunities , jobs , and social justice .
Automobile dependent countries like America need smart solutions to ensure environmentally sustainable development .
First , we need to increase our efforts to ensure that the Laggards are no longer left behind .
The true development needs of Laggard countries and other parts of the world are not being met , despite the rhetoric of scaling up aid .
Second , the old powers need to accommodate the rise of Globalizer economies -- particularly China and India -- by reforming our international order .
Most Affluents seem unprepared for this change , but such demands will need to be accommodated .
If we are to create a more equitable world , then traditional levers of development such as trade , investment , aid , and migration need to be scaled up comprehensively and coherently , and global institutions must be reformed .
The need for a political steering wheel in the hands of elected politicians was highlighted in 1993 , when two major political figures bolted from the LDP with their followers .
Growth there remains anemic , and deflation lingers , suggesting a need for monetary stimulus .
The fact that an official price_level target is not hit immediately need not impugn such targets .
Each had also succeeded in getting government to insulate it against any need to make fundamental changes .
First , as the energy campaigner Anne Korin puts it , we need to do to oil what was done to salt just over a century ago .
Oil urgently needs to suffer a similar fate .
Studies show clearly that , with time-of-day pricing , electrification of vehicles creates little need for new electricity-generating plants , and also that even with today 's coal-heavy electric grids , electrified vehicles emit less CO2 than gasoline - and diesel-powered vehicles .
In the long run , as labor shortages become acute , China will need to relinquish some low-end , labor-intensive manufacturing activities , which will translate into decelerating export performance and lower economic growth .
These markets have been insulated in part because most investment in real estate-backed securities has come from local investors who often need to invest in local-currency markets .
Fortunately , we need not look far .
It needs to deliver price stability in the long run while being flexible enough in the short run to deal with business cycles .
Knowing that any slippage today will need to be dealt with tomorrow , they exercise their best judgment .
Firms have responded to inhospitable conditions by cutting workforces and boosting productivity through more capital-intensive production processes and , when needed , by offshoring their capacities .
Except for a fringe of die-hard Marxists -- which can still collect up to 10 % of the votes -- there is a keen sense that deep reforms are needed to come to grip with the high unemployment and poor growth of the last decade .
The problem , of course is that the most urgently needed reforms will hurt a lot of people .
Governments can borrow what they need to pay out now , and service this debt as reforms yield benefits .
Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek is an advocate of urgently needed reforms , but he lacks a parliamentary majority and is pressing for a fresh general election in the first half of 2007 .
Reform fatigue implies that Central and Eastern Europe needs a respite to catch its breath .
In that case , the franc will not move much more , in any direction , and there will be no need for further interventions .
China has no other choice but to pursue sustainable development in order to meet the basic needs of its people and to eradicate poverty .
Bankruptcy Comes to China BEIJING -- China 's businessmen have always needed resilience , but now they must become accustomed to the specter of bankruptcy .
But the old rule of force and intrigue by which other Gulf rulers have been deposed has been replaced by a modern principle -- the Al Sabah have surrendered their exclusive control over the succession to the will of Parliament , which alone could provide the legitimacy that the new Emir needs .
Emirs who need parliamentary approval to secure popular legitimacy must now reckon with the need to share power .
The new Emir will now need to navigate skillfully between the Al Sabah family 's factions and a newly empowered parliament .
The Kuwaiti model may be risky , but the alternative -- simply ignoring the need for change -- could prove fatal .
Islamic radicalization and terror need not continue to flourish in the West .
In short , young Muslims in the West need to believe that democratic principles are respected abroad and applied equally at home .
A new policy is needed not only in order to halt America 's drift into impotence as it tries to prevent Iraq from spiraling into full-scale civil war , but also because the map of power in the Middle East has changed dramatically .
But to keep them there in the long term , the Iraqi government will need to amend the constitution in a way that appeases the Sunni community .
To avoid this fate , the EU 's commitment in Lebanon needs to be supplemented with a nuanced political strategy that seeks to avoid isolating Lebanon 's long suppressed Shia population .
But healing Lebanon 's wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most , and not what outsiders think they should want or need .
Abdullah , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all .
Having begun , ever so carefully , to politically open his country , the King knows that he needs regional peace and a lowering of Islamic holy rage .
The problem is that Abdullah can not rely on his domestic conservative allies to give him the time that the Kingdom needs .
The tentative moves toward liberalization that King Abdullah has made over the past two years need to be accelerated , made more daring , and become more effective in removing the Wahhabi ideology as an incubator for radicalism .
Both King Abdullah and President Salih understand the problem ; they need to stop using the old tactics and grasp the strategic need for change .
But if Yemen 's masses are not to become more radicalized , they will need to be incorporated into an economic zone that offers hope for the future .
But if the West is to curtail Al Qaeda 's activities in Yemen , it will need to push Saleh into reaching accommodations with both the Houthis and the southerners , and this will undoubtedly mean sharing power with them . Saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort .
But the GCC members ' failure to open their economies -- which are always in need of guest workers -- to Yemen 's young men is short-sighted .
But if it looks beyond terrorism to the root causes of the problem , and presses Saleh to begin to share power , Yemen need not become another safe haven for terrorists .
After all , the protesters of the Arab Spring did not need to use -- and abuse -- Islam to achieve their ends .
Now that the US has eradicated Bin Laden 's physical presence , it needs to stop delaying the rest of the therapeutic process .
The US government does not need to be convinced about that , but the American people -- and ordinary Iraqis -- want to see the troops go home .
Perhaps if the Saudi royal family could grasp that simple fact , it would no longer need to deny the true sources of the Kingdom 's insecurity .
Some royals recognize this and know that a more thorough housecleaning is needed .
Now that King Fahad is gone , old scores among his numerous brothers and half brothers , not to mention the thousands of princes in the next generation , will need to be settled .
But , instead of hot rhetoric , what is needed now is a cool-headed assessment of the military implications of the missile launch .
To break this sterile cycle , what is needed now is not more hot rhetoric about North Korea 's missiles , but a commitment to steady , patient diplomacy that transcends changes in the political cycle .
So great care and cool heads will be needed in the seas around Korea in the days and weeks to come .
So this truce must be seen not as a piece of paper with some legal significance , but as a young plant that needs to be tended to , watered , nursed , and protected , so that it grows into a strong and robust tree that can not be uprooted with an occasional Qassam rocket or a stray grenade .
The support of public opinion is also needed .
By the fact that he believes and has confidence in you , cares about your true needs , and honestly tells you your mistakes , which he tries to help you correct .
Israel has invested great financial resources in the settlements , often ignoring important needs in Israel proper .
We do n't need your patronage or your support .
Indeed , those remaining in the West Bank will be under the supervision not only of Israeli security forces -- who know everything they need to know -- but also of the Palestinian Authority . In recent years , the Palestinian Authority has effectively prevented acts of terrorism and violence against Israelis , with the aim of stabilizing the situation in the West Bank in order to prepare for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state .
In essence , this is a back-door debt restructuring : Europe 's bailout fund , the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- would lend the money for Greece to buy back its own debt in the secondary market at deep discounts , thereby imposing a loss on private bondholders without the need to declare a default .
Ecuador needed to go all the way to a `` credit event '' in December 2008 to be able to purchase the bonds at bargain prices .
A debt buyback is something of a Catch 22 : to succeed in inducing a haircut , it needs to profit from the default fears that it intends to alleviate .
The new negotiations will have one advantage over the earlier efforts , because governments now understand the need for a portfolio of adaptation , mitigation , and research efforts .
Ensuring that adaptive capacity is expanded and exploited where it is most needed is thus a key challenge .
Long-term development may give countries more capacity to soften the impact of climate change on the environment and citizens ' health , but in the meantime the planet 's poorest people will need help from the rich .
A more fundamental , long-term strategy is needed to face the new reality and achieve lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula .
One of the messages that Chinese President Hu Jintao delivered to Kim Jong-il at their bilateral summit on May 5 -- concerning North Korea 's need to launch serious economic reform and open up to the world -- has provided a clue as to how to move forward .
One troubling aspect of this change is that the new leader may feel the need to resort to brute force more frequently in order to suppress popular resistance .
We need not assume that these goals can not be pursued simultaneously .
As North Korea grooms a new leader , the world needs to groom a new policy for North Korea .
We need their help to implement norms , principles , rules , and decision-making procedures , thereby mitigating the endemic free-rider problems in quasi-anarchical international society .
Indeed , East Asia seems to lack the equivalent of major EU architects like Jean Monnet and Robert Schuman -- visionaries with the stature and political support needed to begin building a framework for regional peace in a time , like today , of great change .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
China thus needs to preserve the value of its savings .
Moreover , the increase in China 's overall price level -- and wage levels in particular -- has caused the RMB to strengthen steadily in real terms , reducing -LRB- to a certain extent -RRB- the need for nominal RMB appreciation .
Africa needs to do its share .
It needs to promote production and trade , expand agribusiness and agro-industries , and create wealth and new jobs .
That 's why we need to keep an eye on the figures and keep reminding world leaders of the needs of those in the developing world that live in their shadow .
Two measures are urgently needed .
That is a shame , but it need not be Africa 's fate .
A crucial experiment is now underway in Malawi and other places that may help to expand farm output so that other poor farmers need not surrender their children for adoption .
`` If you have an energetic extension worker , you only need to change the mindset of the people , '' she says .
African farmers need improved technologies and better access to agricultural markets in Europe and the United States .
Instead of more Madonnas , who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child 's life , Africa needs more Nkhomas : passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children .
But Africans genuinely need foreign technology , and the Chinese , in particular , are pushing hard -- even flamboyantly -- to fill the gap .
Some influential people , including Schwarzenegger , say the state needs a new constitution that would restrict ballot initiatives and make budgets easier to pass .
Because bastards are out there , we still need government and personal enforcement of economic exchange .
Developed countries are thus morally obliged to pay partial compensation to poor and vulnerable countries and regions to cover part of the cost of the investments needed to adapt to climate change .
In this regard , at the Copenhagen summit developed countries committed themselves to the goal of jointly mobilizing $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries . These funds would be transferred to developing countries in the context of meaningful -- and transparently implemented -- mitigation measures taken on their behalf .
We need to make progress on establishing the Copenhagen Green Climate Fund , including , possibly , regional and thematic vehicles , such as an Africa Green Fund .
They can and should go hand in hand ; what we need is climate-resilient , low-carbon growth .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Pressure for revaluation stems , therefore , not from the real needs of China economy , but from large imbalances in the United States , particularly its long-standing trade deficit , which exceeds 5 % of GDP .
While this argument suggests that the global trading system must make more room for a rising China -LRB- and India -RRB- , it overlooks the need to address the enormous structural problems in China 's domestic sectors if export-led growth is to become sustainable .
But the political reality is that China 's government favors rapid growth in the short run over the structural reforms needed to sustain long-term economic performance .
Rather than scaring global corporations and their home states , China would retain strong political support abroad -- and the financing that it needs for its continued development .
Does the world need China to have them ?
There is no doubt that China needs its financial sector to develop soundly in order to ensure sustained economic growth .
What China needs most is a financial sector capable of harnessing the forces of liberalization and globalization to drive economic growth in the decades ahead .
First , we need to adopt a public health model for prevention of violence , spouse abuse , bullying , prejudice , and more that identifies vectors of social disease to be inoculated against .
If European officials thought Greece needed to be saved , an immediate European intervention in favor of Greece would have minimized the resources required .
If they thought Greece needed to go bankrupt , an immediate decision to that effect would have minimized the cost as well .
To act , politicians need consensus , which often does not emerge until the costs of inaction have become highly visible .
But if the euro is to survive -- and if other countries are to avoid sovereign-debt crises of their own -- we still need politician-proof rules .
With its subpoena power , the Angelides Commission could have collected and made available to researchers the data needed to answer many crucial questions about the crisis .
These are the questions that needed to be answered .
To fix this problem , we need to move the bulk of derivative trading onto organized exchanges , where daily collateral requirements would guarantee systemic stability , and price transparency would force competition , reduce margins , and increase the market 's depth .
For developing countries , tighter credit conditions and much weaker growth mean that governments are less able to meet education and health goals , and to invest in the infrastructure needed to sustain growth .
Looking beyond the old G-7 system , we need a twenty-first-century approach to multilateralism through the dynamism of a flexible network , not new hierarchies of a fixed or static system .
It needs to draw together existing international institutions , with their expertise and resources , to reform them when necessary , and encourage effective cooperation and common action .
It needs to draw its strength -- and legitimacy -- from both broader participation and by achieving results .
We need a `` human '' rescue as well as a financial rescue .
At the World Bank Group , we are scaling up our financial support for those in need .
Today 's crises reflect the lightning speed of an interconnected world . The factors that produced this globalization offer great opportunities to overcome poverty , increase opportunity , and open societies . But we will need a new multilateralism to expand the availability of these benefits to all .
