The new Pakistani government needs to explain this to the West in order to keep its support .
It needs to be given time to find a way out of the endless cycle of violence .
India also needs to look inward , as anti-Muslim violence in Gujarat and the activities of Hindu fundamentalist groups have potentially created recruitment opportunities for Muslim extremists within India .
While poor law enforcement needs urgent attention , counter-terrorism is never solely a military affair .
Financially insolvent and politically paralyzed , Pakistan needs international help to bring development to its liberated tribal areas and hope to the young people -- 65 % of the population -- who live there .
A long overdue diplomatic offensive needs to be launched to undercut Russian arguments as well as remind the world of what happened in Kosovo .
Driven by real needs on the ground , projects are designed and implemented by recipients , and its procedures and operations are transparent .
It needs to be built .
But diplomatic explanations are not what Argentina needs .
When a country reaches the point that it needs all its exports to service its national debt , and the size of the export sector is fixed , nothing is left to pay for imports .
Regulation of markets does need to be coordinated ; but it also needs to be eliminated in many cases .
Clean capitalism needs the same sort of widespread engagement .
If Western Europe needs an explanation as to why its rate of economic growth is lagging behind the US , it need look no further .
It needs to connect better with its own citizens , to renew their support by showing that Europeans working together can foster growth and jobs , fight international crime , and secure a clean environment .
The Union needs to play a more active role in the wider world , not in pursuit of selfish interests , but in promoting the universal values on which it is founded .
Most of all , the enlarged Union needs a constitutional and institutional framework that fits its ambitions .
These are the issues on which final agreement now needs to be reached .
In a challenging period for the Union , it needs to show that , when the chips are down , its members can make collective but difficult decisions in the common interest .
In order to do so , the People 's Republic needs much more sophisticated arms than those it possesses today .
A regime that can not respond to its citizens ' basic needs has no legitimacy at all .
The astounding difficulty of everyday survival following the USSR 's collapse trapped most Russians into focusing on their families ' most urgent needs .
Reforms of the labor market , the pension system , and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions -- all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and , therefore , hope -- reflect a profound change in the public 's perception of the country 's long-term needs .
The WTO , but also the IMF and World Bank , must understand the evolving needs of those societies most vulnerable to the impact of globalization .
The Commission now needs to take action to ensure that member states redouble their efforts with regard to the Lisbon Agenda for overhauling Europe 's global competitiveness .
The protests are much more about political and economic freedom than about material needs , reflecting a keen awareness that such needs are merely a symptom and consequence of the absence of political and economic freedom .
A third argument , held by some French Gaullists and many EU left-wingers , says that Europe needs a common foreign and defense policy to resist American hegemony .
This means that monetary policy is geared towards the needs of large countries , like Germany , not to those of , say , Belgium .
Having recognized its `` collective responsibility to mitigate the social impact of the crisis and minimize long-lasting damage to global potential , '' the group now needs to review how much support has reached or become accessible to developing countries .
But the pace of change needs to be speeded up , ensuring that the IMF in particular is able to adapt to post-crisis challenges .
This is both a necessary and a promising role , for the region needs a local dynamic force pushing for reform , transformation , and peace .
More investment is essential in order for Brazil to compete in the international market , and the country 's economy needs a jolt of innovation .
To succeed , support for tax , labor , and political reforms -- once a part of Lula 's agenda -- needs to be revived .
Brazil has come far , but in order to compete with China , India , South Korea , Russia , and other emerging countries , the predominance of low valued-added products needs to give way to the rise of an economy based on more innovative and dynamic firms .
The investigation into the death in 1980 of ex-president Frei Montalva , the principal opponent of the dictatorship , has advanced but needs to be pursued vigorously in the courts .
Ukraine needs early parliamentary elections , but that is constitutionally difficult to accomplish .
The NBU needs to announce that it no longer has an exchange-rate target and that it will stop intervening by ending its purchases of dollars on the currency market .
The EU also needs to put meat on the bones of its new Neighborhood Policy , while NATO must apply new mechanisms for strengthening ties with the region .
Syria needs to manage its diverse ethnic and religious composition , and to decide its own position on the Arab-Israeli conflict .
As a result , an estimated 500 megawatts of electricity , equal to 2 % of the country 's electricity needs , will be generated , along with more than 5,000 jobs .
That there will now be a Truth and Reconciliation Commission in Belgrade suggests that the current Yugoslav leadership understands that it needs to heal the wounds inflicted on its own people by the murderous Milosevic regime .
Anticipatory city planning , based on realistic demographic forecasts , patient registers , and health-information systems , as well as participation in urban health-knowledge networks , needs to be implemented .
In short , urban public health needs to be reinvented .
Indeed , before announcing its decision , the Court felt it necessary to state that while it did not conclude that the Convention had been violated , statistics still revealed `` worrying figures , and the situation in general in the Czech Republic regarding Roma children 's education needs to be improved . ''
We believe that the IMF needs to move decisively on financial stability issues and be more proactive to help prevent and mitigate future crises .
It needs to rethink how to address financial stability in its day-to-day work with members . Financial sector analysis should become fully integrated into the IMF 's surveillance activities .
The Fund needs to hire more financial sector experts , relying less on academic professionals .
Its financing role in this crisis secured , the IMF now needs to strengthen its position as guardian of an open international financial system .
The ` new ' IMF should be an institution that communicates better with its members , balances the interests of its advanced , emerging and developing members in an evenhanded manner , and aligns its policies better to the needs of the moment .
Now that the IMF has been given a second lifetime , it needs to regain its central position in the international financial system .
For this , it needs to focus on three issues : improved surveillance of financial stability , strengthened international coordination , and an updated decision-making process .
The new IMF needs to become more vocal on global financial stability issues .
It can help shape a more robust global supervisory system which needs to be built in order to preserve the benefits of global financial markets .
The new IMF needs to take a fresh look at international policy coordination .
Finally , the new IMF needs governance structures that better reflect today 's new global realities .
Designing an environment to suit animals ' psychological and physiological needs would be far preferable to the minimalism , otherwise known as `` standardization , '' that is currently employed .
In fact , ITER is a big instrument for fundamental research , so its ¤ 500 million Euros annual cost needs to be compared with similar scientific initiatives , such as the European Organization for Nuclear Research -LRB- CERN -RRB- , which costs one billion Swiss francs per year .
An increasingly pluralistic society is being forced into a procrustean structure that allows only one voice , one need , and one kind of interest : the voice , needs , and interests of the party .
And just about the last thing the EU needs is an influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants fleeing poverty , political repression , and despair in Moldova and other countries of the former Soviet Union .
More than one billion people in the world today do not have enough food to meet their basic daily nutritional needs , and the situation in developing countries is getting worse .
This is a sizeable commitment , but it may not be enough -- more needs to be done to increase agricultural production , to free up the potential of trade to address food insecurity , and to deal with the increasing impact of climate change on agriculture .
But more needs to be done .
But it still needs to be effectively addressed : Goldman 's recent decision to provide record bonuses as a reward for performance in the last two quarters , for example , is a step in the wrong direction .
China urgently needs to maintain an annual growth rate of over 9 % as a bulwark against social disorder .
To survive this crisis , emerging Europe needs support from outside .
This Gordian knot needs to be cut , not untied .
Ignored and humiliated by the US since the Cold War ended , Russia needs integration into a new global order that respects its interests as a resurgent power , not an anti-Western strategy of confrontation .
His idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of American power .
To the Israelis , Europe became the essayist Mario Andrea Rigoni 's `` old lady , who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties ... and a great number of horrors , would like , once she has reached the age of society , fatigue , and weakness , to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation , equity , and peace . ''
For Europe to play the role to which it is entitled in producing a Middle East peace , it needs to restore its credibility with Israel .
Instead of suppressing the memory of the refugees , Israel needs to recognize that in 1948 the land was bisected by the sword , and that the Jewish state came into being partly because of the massive uprooting and dispossession of Palestinian communities .
It is a genuine response to the needs and demands of their supporters .
Instead of sticking to doomsday prophecies or to categorical perspectives that prevent an understanding of the complex fabric of Islamic movements , the West needs to keep the pressure on the incumbent regimes to stop circumventing political reform .
Israel needs to decide whether it is a regional superpower or a Jewish ghetto waiting for an imminent pogrom to begin .
Precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is , as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island , a task that affects the two countries ' stability and well-being , it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort .
Obama 's endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's claim that if Israel is recognized as a Jewish state and its security needs accepted , `` I will surprise , and the sky is the limit , '' has made the current process possible .
But maximal security -- for example , an insufferably long timetable for withdrawal , unreasonable territorial demands wrapped up as security needs , an Israeli presence in the Jordan valley , and full control of Palestinian airspace and the electromagnetic spectrum -- would inevitably clash with Palestinians ' view of what sovereignty entails .
This Gordian knot can not be untied ; it needs to be cut by robust third-party mediation .
Egypt , whose new paradigm in foreign affairs increasingly looks like an imitation of Turkey 's strategy of `` zero problems with its neighbors , '' needs the treaty at least as much as Israel does .
Turkey 's foreign policy , unlike Iran 's , needs a stable environment to prosper .
So , whoever aspires to help the parties reach a settlement needs to be attentive to the fact that territorial borders are only one aspect of this conflict -- and not necessarily the most contentious one .
Making European Defense a Reality BRUSSELS -- Anyone reflecting on the value , weight , and relevance of today 's European military forces for global affairs needs to keep two crucial questions in mind : Where do we want to go ?
Any effective foreign policy clearly needs to rely on effective military and civilian resources .
The Capability Development Plan , which the EDA is developing in close collaboration with the EU Military Committee , aims to foster and improve solidarity in terms of capability , which is what Europe needs .
Host countries could address their needs by adopting a radical solution that would unilaterally impose capital controls and other measures to protect their domestic markets .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
The region needs to find its way back not only to rapid growth , but also to safer , more sustainable growth .
Emerging Europe needs new sources of competitiveness .
- America needs friends .
This seems all the more puzzling because Americans realize how badly Europe needs new immigrants , given its extremely low fertility rates .
All these rationales for CSR suggest that it should be left to each corporation to determine , just as PSR leaves altruism to each individual 's conscience and sense of what needs supporting .
Resources released by these imports fostered the growth of industries that satisfy new needs .
The world needs a united continent , ready to go into action .
The same spirit needs to animate the L'Aquila meeting .
But liquidity provision needs to be provided on a more coherent and comprehensive basis .
In emerging markets and low-income economies , the challenge is to avoid overheating , contain financial risks , and address pressing social spending needs , while not compromising sustainability .
The surge in food and energy prices is a major emergency for many of these countries , and it needs to be managed carefully .
In the best of scenarios , what will happen is likely to fall short of the major short-run fiscal expansion Europe needs .
The Euro is the only currency against which the dollar can depreciate . -LRB- The last thing Japan needs is an appreciation of the yen . -RRB-
Park , who lost her first bid for the GNP 's nomination to Lee in 2007 , needs to ensure that no rupture with her erstwhile rival knocks her off the path to victory in 2012 .
Second , Latin America needs to overhaul its weak health and education systems .
The private sector needs to become more involved in infrastructure , which requires the adoption of adequate public-private partnerships .
It states that national governments can better `` respond to the specific needs of their labor markets . ''
In this way , Italy lost 30 months without enacting the structural reforms that it so badly needs to restore the country 's growth potential .
These organizations work with the people to assess their needs and then build the institutions to deliver care .
Peace through Superior Football When it comes to wishing for peace in the Middle East -- virtually a New Year 's tradition - -- one needs to be careful .
In fact , it needs to be part of a more comprehensive effort aiming at empowering and giving civil rights to women - 50 % of the people that live in societies where the practice is carried out .
Instead of insisting on replicating our failures , the world needs to adopt new approaches that treat the disease of drug use , instead of criminalizing it .
These estimates , together with poor countries ' additional needs when natural catastrophes strike , imply that the potential legal demand for medicinal opiates is even higher .
A more effective stimulus would speed up spending that needs to be done anyway . Or cut taxes to change the marginal calculus of firms on layoffs and consumers on spending -- for example , by suspending the payroll tax on firms and workers for a year or suspending part or all of the sales tax or national value-added tax .
Any institution that is or could quickly become too big to fail needs to have adequate capital -LRB- rising with size -RRB- , and real-time continuous monitoring of risk , but these measures should be implemented without overbearing micromanagement .
It is also more efficient to keep tax rates stable over time , and thus to finance with debt temporary large spending needs such as military buildups during war -LRB- or to prevent war -RRB- , while reversing the debt buildup thereafter .
Of course , China clearly has a right -- like any country -- to seek the energy , minerals , and other resources it needs .
The US needs China to finance its mounting debt , and China needs Americans to buy its products .
Iran probably needs two or three years to develop a nuclear weapon .
The coming period could thus be used in both countries to review traditional positions and reflect on how European policy can best serve their common needs .
From Iran 's perspective , any future threat originating from Iraq needs to be averted by ensuring the participation in Iraq 's government of Shiites and Kurds .
If accepted , it promises Ukraine , which aspires to EU membership and is currently negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with the Union , the stable , effective , and democratic government that it needs .
The virtue of their `` party '' or clique needs no complex justification : it stands for `` American values , '' while critics merely provide an `` objective apology '' for the `` enemies of freedom . ''
No matter how eager China 's authorities are to keep the Internet under their control -- for example , by blocking foreign Web sites -- they are also aware of how much their economy now needs the Internet .
Much of this money still needs to be disbursed .
More power needs to be devolved to the provinces .
I repeated the conversation to Singh , who explained that in a democracy such as India , a great deal of work needs to be done with the members of the coalition and the senior bureaucracy before the prime minister can travel to Pakistan . `` Musharraf is a military leader ; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way . ''
So there is no question that the invitation to the New York Philharmonic was meant to burnish the prestige of a regime , ruled by The Dear Leader , Kim Jong-Il , whose standing is so low -- even in neighboring China -- that it needs all the burnishing it can get .
That 's right , said another Turk within earshot , a fluent English speaker who spent much time in London , worked for NGOs promoting human rights , and was jailed in the 1980 's for opposing the military regime : `` I hate Europe . I 'm not European , and who needs Europe , anyway ? ''
Obama certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Europe needs good relations with both in order to penetrate growing markets , tap sources for raw materials and energy , and ensure its own domestic stability , whereas many Europeans believe that US policies alienate these regions .
Whether this profound change will be seen as a key moment in the consolidation of democracy in El Salvador , or as the beginning of a slide toward instability , will depend on Mr Funes ' ability to balance two complex and contradictory imperatives : calling for moderation across the political spectrum while implementing the deep social transformations that El Salvador sorely needs .
He needs all the help he can get .
Calderón means continuity ; that 's probably why he won , and that is what Mexico needs .
The right-of-center Party of National Action -LRB- PAN -RRB- , the grouping of current President Vicente Fox and Calderón , needs to acquire a sincere and profound social conscience .
But , as long they remain relatively powerless , Mexico will remain unbalanced , deprived of the modern left that it needs to combat poverty and inequality , and hostage to those who still believe in revolution and the assault on the Winter Palace .
But change will not happen overnight , so Mexico needs short-term solutions to its travails .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
That seems to be the case in Mexico , which recently passed new tax and electoral laws -- but not the ones the country needs .
But Latin America is deeply troubled ; it needs decisive , bold leadership at home and imaginative , unwavering support abroad .
Cuba needs to return to the regional concert of powers , but it must accept this concert 's rules .
Aside from areas of particular concern -LRB- oil , arms , guerrillas , drugs -RRB- , the US needs Latin America dearly nowadays because resistance to it is springing up everywhere , and with greater virulence than at any time since World War II 's end .
If immigration is to become a less heated issue , the US must address the needs of Latin America 's economies .
The second consideration is that this behavior will continue . The reason seems clear enough : Cuba needs international aid desperately , and there are not too many places where it can find it .
By international standards , arms spending in Latina America is low relative to GDP ; but it is nonetheless excessive relative to the region 's needs .
Globally , Europe needs to promote an open , inclusive , and effective system of international governance .
Indeed , to get into the Great Power maritime game , China needs Gwadar to redress its main weakness -- the absence of a naval anchor in the Indian Ocean region , where it plans to have an important military presence .
China 's Construction Fetish NEW HAVEN -- As we digest the implications of China 's $ 586 billion stimulus plan , it is intriguing to ponder why China chooses infrastructure , buildings , and big projects every time growth needs a boost .
Such increased accountability will shift government spending toward programs related to people 's needs and away from physical structures .
To correct this , China needs to boost its people 's sense of future financial security and affect a rise in private income commensurate with GDP growth .
Indeed , he needs China 's help in persuading recalcitrant North Korea into seriously negotiating nuclear disarmament .
This needs to be the year when a cure for environmental degradation is found and a far more intelligent management of a natural world starts taking shape : this will be a key breakthrough for the wealth but also increasingly the health of humanity in the 21st century .
The engineering solution is to keep a large amount of reliable base-load power as a major component of the generating mix and supplement this with `` peaking plants '' that can be brought on-line when needs arise .
India needs to know if Musharraf is sincere .
Seen as too pro-American because of his support of the recent war in Afghanistan , Musharraf needs to burnish his nationalist credentials .
For example , many in the deaf community have rejected cochlear implants , because they do not regard deafness as a disability that needs to be corrected , but as a part of their life and cultural identity .
This is why Tudor desperately needs a patina of democratic respectability .
To achieve this , Afghanistan needs more development assistance .
That situation needs to be reversed . We must punish the traffickers and reward the farmers .
Europe needs to make the likes of Microsoft and Intel feel at home in Brussels , Paris , or Berlin , not to become a political market leader in supplying sympathetic verdicts to market losers .
Democracy needs time , not just for elections , but for deliberation and the exercise of checks and balances .
Perhaps what Iraq needs most is not a ballot box , but an Atatürk .
There are indications that he shares the old central European prejudice of America as a materialist civilization that provides the wherewithal -- but not the ideas -- for what needs to be done .
What Germany needs is , in fact , fairly clear .
It needs to accept that globalization is above all an opportunity , one that must be grasped by confident , innovative , and entrepreneurial people .
Above all , Germany must appreciate that the changes it needs are improvements that would guarantee its future security .
This is not pleasant to say . Using migrants to provide for the needs of natives , but without letting the migrants share all the benefits , is morally unattractive .
It is often said that Germany in particular needs what one former German president called a push -LRB- Ruck -RRB- to mobilize the dormant forces of its people .
The famous Brundtland Commission Report of 1987 defined sustainable development as '' ... development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs . ''
First , on a medium-term time-scale , the EU needs substantial immigrants .
This regional pattern , of population decline in Europe , Russia and Ukraine , needs to be set against the larger picture of a 3 billion increase globally , mainly in the developing world .
When a politician goes to his electorate , he needs to be able to say what he wants to do and why ; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree .
But in his great work on finance , Lombard Street , published in 1873 , he asserted that , `` A well-run bank needs no capital .
The overriding conclusion that emerges from any analysis of these unhappy events is that nothing will ever be the same again : the relationship between the state and the markets needs to be rethought .
But it is increasingly clear that the eurozone needs a major overhaul if it is to survive .
Europe needs energy supplies from Central Asia , and Central Asia needs European investment .
Consideration also needs to be given , therefore , to the establishment of a NATO-China Council , along the lines of the NATO-Russia Council , and to the creation of arrangements that would facilitate greater cooperation with the SCO as a whole .
In particular , indefinite detention without trial needs to be addressed to avoid the recurrence of problems .
Thus , let national negotiators , local leaders , and communities determine what their economic needs and priorities are , and let insurgents determine their preferred venue for reintegration .
What needs to be avoided is a failure -- such as occurred in Haiti following its devastating earthquake -- to move from the first stage to the second .
Furthermore , foreign investors do not want to deal with diplomats or civil servants . They want to talk to private-sector experts who understand the technical and financial needs of their companies or sectors .
Without inclusive and dynamic growth , sustainable peace will remain elusive , and , in the current environment of higher scrutiny and significant competing needs , donors will be hard pressed to justify committing the large financial aid package that they have pledged .
Cash payments should be minimized to immediate short-term needs , but an active policy of job creation urgently needs to be implemented .
BERKELEY -- It is said that the early nineteenth-century British economist J.R. McCulloch originated the old joke that the only training a parrot needs to be a passable political economist is one phrase : `` supply and demand , supply and demand . ''
So , what America needs now is not just a recovery in demand , but also structural adjustment .
If it is , the world needs to develop other institutions for global management -- and quickly .
But an effective market economy needs to minimize the incentives and opportunities for corruption , or it will turn into something worse .
Learning needs to go both ways .
To what extent do we hold on to our belief that when it comes to saving lives , medical care should be distributed on the basis of patients ' needs , not their wealth ?
Yes , the US needs tax increases to move the federal budget into surplus and policies to boost private savings .
But the world also needs policies to boost investment in Asia , Latin America , the Middle East , and Africa .
The problem is that the Geithner Plan appears to me to be too small -- between one-eight and one-half of what it needs to be .
To do anything that requires legislative action , the Obama administration needs Voinovich and the 59 other senators who are more inclined to support it .
Bernanke 's deep knowledge of the Great Depression and of financial crises is exactly what America -- and the world -- needs in a Fed chair now .
Let 's then imagine what Europe needs to do to confront its most pressing challenges , especially if it were able to do so without the political constraints of 50 years of EU deal-making and ramshackle institution-building .
Europe needs a clearer and more recognizable global agenda .
It needs to build substantially on its leadership on climate change by adopting much tougher EU goals , and then use its international economic and trade clout to champion new global emissions standards that scientific opinion can accept as meaningful .
Why bind up Chinese capital to finance America 's debt-consumption economy , they ask , when so many needs go unmet at home ?
Moreover , Kim , too , needs assurances from Hu -- not that Chinese aid is coming , but that the Americans , South Koreans , and Japanese are prepared to give and take .
But one way or another , President Lee needs to find a way to get inter-Korean relations back on a peaceful track .
The paradox of Latin America 's food crisis is that , although the region is a major food producer , it sometimes needs to rely on imports to prevent sporadic shortages .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
Economically , politically , institutionally , Turkey needs the `` anchor '' of the European integration process .
There needs to be a strategy , priorities must be weighed , and empirical evidence analyzed .
The next US president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare America for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments , global trends can have local implications , and America 's international authority will confront Asia 's newfound clout .
Most importantly , a trade policy must be articulated that is both free and fair -LRB- not only for US workers , but also for Asian workers -RRB- , and that reassures Asians that Obama will be aware of their needs .
Some of what needs to be done , including the sequencing of reconstruction measures , is now better understood -- not least due to the different recent experiences in rebuilding Bosnia , Colombia , and other war-torn states .
Because supplies of donated medicines can be unpredictable , they can create chaos in the market by preventing accurate quantification of needs and thus affecting planning .
More needs to be done on the issue of IP rights -- the sacred cow of the pharmaceutical industry .
While preventing cervical cancer might seem a genuine benefit , critics charge that the program seems to be mainly about meeting targets , rather than serving the health-care needs of disadvantaged groups .
The `` good offices '' approach is effective when the weight of the world is behind it and , put simply , Gambari has not been given the clout he needs .
Roughly 16 % of total energy needs -LRB- up to 25 % in the highly industrialized countries -RRB- are now met by electric energy .
The view that the amount of energy derived from nuclear power worldwide will continue its slow decrease during the coming years is further supported by the 2008 annual report of the Euratom Supply Agency , which coordinates the long-term uranium needs of nuclear power plants within the European Union .
Instead , they use the language of realpolitik and remind us that we are too weak to challenge the West , and that our economy - devastated by war , sanctions and NATO bombing - desperately needs the loans and credits that come under the condition that extraditions to the Hague are made .
All these are important , all these are remotely affected by IMF policies , none of them can get around the central truth that a country which has hit the ropes needs to practice austerity .
It needs a strong and respected leadership in the top ranks and it needs a refocusing of its mission and a shift from emergency operations to preventive medicine .
Japan 's budget needs to shift to debt reduction by some 10 % of GDP -- and that in an economy already in recession !
Two views about today 's prevailing exchange rates exist : the dollar is overvalued dollar and the yen needs a deep depreciation .
At the same time , it is apparent that Mexico must redefine the bilateral relationship according to the country 's specific needs and interests on a case-by-case basis .
But Fox needs to move quickly from self-congratulation to action , because Mexico needs a more fulfilling relationship with America than the scanty prizes that are now dropping from Bush 's piñata .
He needs to remember that in Mexico , piñatas are symbols of hope .
Bountiful resources such as oil are a bane for democracy in developing countries , because when a government gets the revenues it needs by selling oil , it does n't need to collect taxes .
Governments that do n't need to broaden their tax base have few incentives to respond to the needs of their people .
It needs to rethink the fundamentals of an economy and political system in which entrenched interests have become `` veto centers '' for reform .
We need NATO and NATO needs us in order to face common threats and challenges .
Europe needs an integrated , solid , and indivisible system of comprehensive security .
But , while much more needs to be done to meet the immediate needs of this famine 's victims , we should also be thinking now about long-term solutions to preclude food crises on this scale from happening in the first place .
Today , Europe needs peace between cultures as much as it once needed peace between nations , and it is for this reason that we must welcome Turkey into our midst .
As far as I 'm concerned , the ultimate goal should be not so much a better health care system , but a population so healthy that it hardly needs health care .
A government CIO also needs to remind us that as wonderful as the Internet is , it is most useful to people who can read and write .
The CIO also needs to take a serious look at information security -- in conjunction with the CIOs of other countries -LRB- since cybercrime knows no borders -RRB- .
Every country needs a CIO who can inspire its people with the power of information .
If Latin America is to succeed and move towards prosperity , it needs to reform its educational system .
The continent needs measures that are designed to encourage savings and investment , improve labor utilization , and upgrade failed educational systems .
Its external financing needs are enormous , and its exports will fall sharply .
Finally , the G-20 needs an emerging-markets caucus .
As chair , it needs to act as an `` honest broker . ''
And , given its location , South Korea would be torn between encouraging an emerging-market caucus and encouraging an Asian caucus -- for Asia , too , needs to organize itself better in order to represent its interests in the G-20 .
It needs not just closer economic ties , but also closer political ties .
It needs to establish them -- and fast -- which requires finally addressing matters that have been off-limits in the past .
First , Europe needs a Stability Pact with teeth .
Second , Europe needs more flexible labor markets .
Third , the euro area needs fiscal co-insurance .
It needs a mechanism for temporary transfers to countries that have put their public finances in order but are hit by adverse shocks .
Fourth , the eurozone needs a proper emergency financing mechanism .
Finally , Europe needs coherent bank regulation .
If Europe has a single market and a single currency , it needs a single bank regulator .
But it is the agenda Europe needs to complete to make its monetary union work .
But , in addition to more resources , the IMF needs a more effective way of deploying them .
British banks , having grown up in the early nineteenth century , when industry 's capital needs were modest , specialized in financing foreign trade rather than domestic investment , thereby starving industry of the capital needed to grow .
Thus , China needs to move quickly on education reform .
It needs to provide its university students with more flexible skills , more general training , and more encouragement to think critically and creatively .
Finally , China needs to get serious about its corruption problem .
It seems unlikely that Ron Paul , the libertarian chairman of the US Senate Banking Committee , who doubts that even the US needs a central bank , would be inclined to agree .
Since the economy needs help , here 's a novel idea : provide some .
Germany 's finance minister , Wolfgang Schäuble , has suggested that Europe needs to move to full fiscal union .
And they must give the ECB the political cover that it needs to do what is required to preserve the system .
More controversially , the ECB needs to increase its purchases of Italian bonds .
Italy needs time to put its pro-growth reforms in place .
Merkel and Sarkozy need to make the case that if the euro is to become a normal currency , Europe needs a normal central bank -- one that does not merely target inflation like an automaton , but that also understands its responsibilities as a lender of last resort .
Meanwhile , Italy , now under the watchful eye of the International Monetary Fund , needs to move ahead with those pro-growth reforms in order to reassure the ECB 's shareholders that the central bank 's bond purchases are not money losers .
But for this to be tolerable , the US needs to relieve China of existing risks .
It needs to do so while it still has the world 's sympathetic ear .
Recent events have made clear that someone needs to anticipate and warn of risks to global financial stability .
If so , the Fund needs to win back their confidence .
Finally , the IMF needs to coordinate reform of the international system .
Stall speed is a terrifying risk for an economy like that of the US , which desperately needs to grow robustly .
We need to convince each other that the fight against this common enemy has to be fought with a keen eye to balancing the needs of security with those of human and minority rights .
The kind of energy and commitment to defense spending that India represents needs to be injected into Europe , because European rhetoric about playing a strategic global role remains in high gear .
They know that President Ahmadinejad is reckless , irresponsible , and inattentive to their day-to-day needs . ''
Given the impact of globalization and the direct challenge to the EU implied by competition from countries like China and India , the European economy needs to become more innovative .
Someone needs to take responsibility , and , as US politicians do n't want to blame themselves , the best available scapegoat is China 's exchange rate , which has not appreciated against the US dollar in the past 18 months .
If the US dollar needs to devalue because of fundamental disequilibrium in the US economy , the problems can not be fixed by lowering the dollar 's value alone .
But what China really needs is a greater effort to promote domestic consumption and lower the savings rate .
But , as China grows increasingly dependent on imports of resource commodities to meet its basic needs , its coast will continue to enjoy a transport-cost advantage .
If the international community is to remain credible , a regional initiative for collective security -- a Madrid II -- needs to be taken .
And much of the additional spending needs be made by households , driven by a profound change in social attitudes to energy efficiency .
And when a country with excessive fiscal deficits needs to raise taxes and cut government spending , as Greece clearly does now , the resulting contraction of GDP and employment can not be reduced by a devaluation that increases exports and reduces imports .
Any decision maker who depends on forecasts -- a businessman , an investor , or a government official -- needs to know the probability of very low or very high growth rates , as well as the median forecast .
Such a low national saving rate would not be sufficient to finance the level of new investment in plant , equipment , and housing that the country needs .
CAMBRIDGE -- The Greek government needs to escape from an otherwise impossible situation .
The European Financial Stability Fund is large enough to cover Greece 's financing needs but not large enough to finance Italy and Spain if they lose access to private markets .
The world needs a Europe committed to internationalism , generous to its former colonies , and willing to absorb its share of migrants and refugees .
If the new treaty comes into being , the institutional reforms that the union needs will become a reality , and a new double majority voting procedure will take effect , even if with some delay .
Moreover , Russia needs a system of checks and balances compatible with its own culture and tradition , because this , together with the rule of law , is an indispensable precondition of a functioning democracy .
China , for example , needs annual growth rates of 10 % to keep its huge economic , social , and ecological problems under control .
But one might conclude from the bizarre debates we engage in about climate change that what the world needs is a change in its political and psychological mood , rather than a profound social and economic transformation .
This is precisely what needs to change .
Germany urgently needs this kind of optimism , because , unfortunately , two universal principles will continue to apply in the future : first , the winter will return , and , second , the ball is round and the next game is always the most difficult .
Can he deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians ' fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
The NPT remains indispensable and needs urgent revision .
The EU needs an economic government for the deep and long crisis ahead . Germany , Europe 's biggest and most important economy , should lead the way decisively .
What Europe needs in this serious crisis are statesmen and women of Kohl 's caliber , not domestic politicians !
But why , in light of these developments , the EU bothered to enact the Lisbon Treaty is increasingly hard to understand . After all , this treaty is about the last thing a mere confederation needs .
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
The eurozone needs a government , which , as things stand at the moment , can consist only of the respective heads of state and government -- a development that has already started .
Moreover , the World Trade Organization 's Doha Round of global trade negotiations desperately needs to be concluded , and the EU has made a number of positive moves in this direction by proposing vast changes to its export subsidies regime .
With more and more subsistence farmers being driven off their land by pressures far beyond their control , we need to find better ways to balance the needs and rights of rural and urban populations .
France needs a debate on European Union affairs , but only as long as it does not degenerate -- as is common in Europe -- into self-flagellation .
The French must recognize that equality before the law is a core principle , but a weak one ; it needs to be complemented by a stricter vision of how to achieve equality .
Europe needs to know why the ECB has not .
At this stage , Iran still needs at least a year or longer to assemble one or two crude Hiroshima-type bombs .
The G-20 needs a smaller informal steering group , a G-6 or G-9 , which could meet on the eve of the main G-20 meeting and discuss how to organize the discussion in the larger group .
A West African country with newly discovered oil reserves needs to finance exploration , drilling , and pipeline construction , which means that it needs to hedge at a time horizon of 10-20 years , not 90 days .
To reverse America 's decline , Obama needs bipartisan support for his -LRB- quite mainstream -RRB- policies , but so far the US Congress has shown no stomach for a principled approach to its legislative duties .
Just as the post-1945 Marshall Plan consisted of a financial-aid package aimed at reconstructing and re-launching Western Europe 's economies to support democratic transformation and political stability , the countries of the Arab Spring face similar challenges and needs .
So the idea that what the world needs now is more fixed rules will not do .
But should universities now reduce their demands in order to meet the needs of the larger society , not least in terms of their carbon footprint ?
The government does not say that it is against democracy , only that it is untimely and needs to be delayed -- a logic that manifests itself in most official decisions .
Patients ' informed consent usually does not provide a clear description of a non-inferiority trial , and the lack of added value indicates that in many cases the development of a new drug is driven by commercial aims rather than patients ' needs .
Finally , incentives must be found to encourage pharmaceutical companies to develop drugs that fulfill the needs of patients still awaiting therapy .
Although the needs of krill-dependent species were previously considered for large areas of the Southern Ocean , the CCAMLR must still scientifically subdivide the overall catch limit into smaller units .
While legal harmonization and constitution - making attest to deepening integration , Europe 's institutions have failed to generate what every political community needs in order to survive and thrive : a feeling of belonging .
But no amount of finger pointing can obscure the fact that , 50 years after the European Community 's creation , Europe badly needs a new political framework , if not a new project , to shore up its unity .
Piñera needs more votes in Congress , and the experience of other multi-party presidential democracies such as Argentina and Brazil shows that it is not difficult for incumbents to attract coalition partners in exchange for government posts .
The greatest danger is that humanitarian relief will be tailored to meet donors ' demands , rather than actual needs .
For any foreign policy needs clear goals .
They maintain that Russia needs a big standing army in order to defend the country in any potential war with the US .
According to this view , every great power needs obedient satellite countries . Under such an approach , NATO 's expansion is represented as an extension of America 's sphere of influence , to the detriment of Russia , of course .
Nobody knows what vision of collective defense is to be implemented : one needs a fertile imagination to imagine Belarusian paratroopers defending the Tajik border .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
Indeed , early adoption of a low inflation objective would help secure the monetary and financial stability that China needs as it allows greater exchange-rate flexibility .
Production of the materials used to capture and store solar electricity , for example , can cause just as much environmental damage as conventional fuels , and existing wind and solar technology can not easily meet the needs of large populations .
A small amount of additional scientific expertise and lab equipment would need to be added to a public health system that serves ordinary needs .
It is thus urgent to satisfy populations ' most basic human needs through local development initiatives .
As the dramatic shrinkage of the Aral Sea , Lake Chad , and the Dead Sea illustrate , it now requires preserving scarce natural resources and ensuring their equitable distribution among conflicting needs .
Russia needs a breakthrough toward an up-to-date , knowledge-based , and ecologically sustainable economy .
But the Union 's finance ministers would be better off pushing the internal reforms Europe needs , rather than following the Bush example and pressing the European Central Bank to force a strong currency down to earth .
While the CSRC should be congratulated for its good work in improving this environment , more needs to be done .
Mr. Shang needs to grasp the nettle and come up with a new scheme for selling off the central government 's shares . # 5 .
Finally , China needs a greater diversity of financial products .
This pool of reserves surpasses developing countries ' immediate liquidity needs , leading to their increased creation and expansion of sovereign wealth funds , which have an additional level of assets of more than $ 3 trillion .
According to the World Bank , developing countries spend an average of 3-4 % of GDP on infrastructure every year , compared to an estimated 7 % of GDP required to meet existing infrastructure needs for maintaining rapid growth . This translates into an annual gap of at least $ 300 billion at current prices .
This would imply the ability to finance an important proportion of unmet needs for infrastructure financing .
If the private sector is to thrive , it needs lower trade barriers and improved incentives for risk-taking .
But now more and more countries need balance-of-payments support , and there is general agreement that the global monetary system needs a body to oversee its overall stability .
This modus operandi needs to be changed in order to give the IMF the independence it needs if it is to become a credible , impartial judge of balance-of-payments disequilibria and sources of risk to global financial markets .
When the G-20 leaders meet in London , they should consider giving the IMF the independence it needs to become an effective guardian of global financial stability . Putting independent experts on this Board will be a key step in that direction .
By concentrating on policies to sustain integration while at the same preserving the European social model , the European Council would again become a relevant policy forum where the real needs and hopes of citizens could find effective responses .
Meanwhile , the types of structural changes that Argentina needs have not been made .
In fact , Brazil 's leaders have good reason to be flexible : their country needs the access to the Pacific that Peru and Chile offer .
Polarization may have proved functional to winning an election , but Humala will have to broaden his support in order to forge the consensus he needs in order to govern .
Moreover , given the country 's history of high inflation ravaging the economy , the problem needs to be addressed soon , before it gets out of hand .
But Germany too , needs to be engaged over the ESDP and Afghanistan .
If Sarkozy 's presidency has any relevance to Franco-German relations , it may be to reinforce the view that the EU needs new leadership , and that it must still be based on the founding partners .
A return to economic growth is crucial for Europe , which needs secure new investment flows .
Europe , too , needs to help organize a large hemispheric region .
In order to remain intact and functional , the country needs a political system and a society that persuade talented young people to stay in Russia -- and that provides them with the education to develop their talent .
Russia also needs a national security strategy to complement its political and economic renewal .
Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some , but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation .
Necessity may also lead to reducing or even eliminating sovereignty when a government , whether from a lack of capacity or conscious policy , is unable to provide for the basic needs of its citizens .
The basic idea of sovereignty , which still provides a useful constraint on violence between states , needs to be preserved .
But the concept needs to be adapted to a world in which the main challenges to order come from what global forces do to states and what governments do to their citizens rather than from what states do to one another .
So what needs doing ?
Ban needs to begin with a cold , hard assessment of his new position .
In this case , Ban needs to spend time in China 's capital , making the case for the notion that governments have a responsibility to protect their citizens , and that when they fail to do so -LRB- as Sudan 's government clearly is -RRB- , they forfeit some of the advantages that normally are associated with sovereignty .
The US needs and benefits from effective multilateralism in a global world , one in which challenges can not be met by any single country acting by itself .
Japan , for its part , needs to continue to open and reform its economy , improve its military , and make its forces available for the sort of low-intensity but manpower-intensive missions , ranging from genocide prevention to nation-building to peacekeeping , that are increasingly required in the greater Middle East and Africa .
The world also needs to take into account Japan 's importance .
Third , terrorism needs to be checked . This means doing everything possible to stop infiltration of terrorists into Iraq and rethinking support for militias .
`` Success '' needs to be defined narrowly .
China needs to show respect for human rights and allow journalists to report .
The last thing the world economy needs is a $ 200 barrel of oil , but this could be the result .
While encouraging the rule of law and the growth of civil society , the US still needs to work with other governments , democratic and otherwise .
Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Cutting this sum will free up much-needed money for other defense needs and for deficit reduction , arguably the principal national security challenge facing the US .
In the long run , the US needs to generate domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open world economy and slowing climate change .
A genuine political transition needs to move ahead , albeit at a measured pace .
Egypt needs a constitution that enjoys broad support -- and that includes checks and balances that make it difficult for minorities -LRB- even those who command the support of a plurality of voters -RRB- to rule majorities .
But any celebration needs to be tempered by certain realities .
It is not enough to be a limited partner in the struggle against terror ; Pakistan needs to become a full partner .
Reformists , on the other hand , argue that individual judgment -- diligence -- is permissible , and that society is empowered to make choices based on contemporary needs , regardless of the opinions of previous religious scholars .
Iraq 's government knows exactly what it needs to do to hide its weapons of mass destruction .
Unfortunately , the inspectors ' reports make one thing clear : they will not take the bold steps that the international community needs to expose Iraqi cheating .
The future then would be fraught with tension in a part of the world where the EU needs to encourage peace and stability .
Rather , it will emerge from a concept that addresses existential needs .
The Middle East urgently needs support in creating a regional stability charter to encompass codes of conduct , goals for regional cooperation , and the mechanisms of a regional cohesion fund to tackle underdevelopment and fund new infrastructure .
For to end friction and suffering the crisis-ridden Middle East needs more than troops -- a reality that has been recognized in previous conflicts around the World .
That is a source of hope , if not yet of the systematic and coherent ideas about how to remake their societies that the region needs .
Let 's try to build a global civil society , and let 's insist that politics is not just a technology of power , but needs to have a moral dimension .
We believe that the former communist Central and Eastern European countries are in a unique position to support the democracy movements in Cuba based on the similarities of their histories and experiences . Our intentions in pushing for democratization are based on friendship and cooperation , good will and an understanding of the needs , expectations and hopes of Cuban people .
Trust needs to be rebuilt if we are to help the parties understand how to overcome past enmities .
Indeed , to cooperate in this way will require the emergence of a new global civil society , whose foundation can be built only with the type of international solidarity that Japan needs now .
Here , everyone needs to tread with care .
The Obama administration 's efforts in Egypt , as well as the G-8 's proposals for what needs to be done for the region as a whole , signals that international leaders understand that this is a defining moment .
But far more needs to be done to ensure success .
We have raised awareness of the plight of the displaced , brought about changes in government policies , and raised billions of dollars to respond to their basic needs .
Addressing the root causes and reducing the impact of displacement should start by heeding victims ' voices -- their needs and wishes must be understood and their rights respected .
Rather than obsessing about elections , the US now seeks to build pragmatic alliances to buttress its economic needs .
But the point in reciting this litany is not so much to highlight China 's wayward behavior as it is to demonstrate the dilemma in which the country finds itself : if it behaves like a `` normal '' power , the world will forget the many hundreds of millions of people that it still needs to pull out of poverty .
During the recent National People 's Congress , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao stressed that China should not punch above its weight , and that the People 's Republic still needs stability if it is to become a society that offers a decent life to all of its citizens .
China needs a mature strategic dialogue , particularly with the EU . This will not rescue the partnership , but at least it could help define common interests , identify policy options , and create the conditions to achieve results .
Surely the Pakistani public needs to be tamed by a strongman .
Despite more than 700 Pakistani combat deaths , many in Musharraf 's army wish to retain the Taliban as quasi-allies who -- when the Americans leave Afghanistan someday -- will give Pakistan the `` strategic depth '' it needs against India .
It suggests a framework for reducing emissions that respects the development needs of China 's households , addresses US firms ' competitiveness concerns , and adheres to the principle of `` common but differentiated responsibilities '' embedded in international negotiations .
Production of steel , cement , chemicals , paper , and aluminum alone account for nearly half of China 's energy needs and generate nearly half of the air pollution that claims over 300,000 lives and costs the economy close to $ 100 billion each year .
Instead , the European Union needs a new direction .
Of course , an effective OSCE mission , confined to Tirana and comprised of experts that the country still needs , would be useful .
But Albania no longer needs the OSCE 's staff to be scattered throughout the country to monitor every aspect of its political life .
Although non-governmental organizations are doing an effective job , responsibilities assigned to different European countries -- such as helping the Afghan government with law enforcement and poppy eradication -- have fallen short of both needs and promises .
All NATO allies and EU members want the US to remain committed to Europe 's future , to take the lead elsewhere in meeting security needs on which all agree , and to admit Europe into its strategic confidence .
The same lack of security applies to delivering aid : on a recent visit to North Somalia to assess humanitarian needs , a team from the International Rescue Committee of which I was a part spent more time , effort , and funds on security issues than on inspecting wells and evaluating the need for latrines , although the lack of water and sanitation is acute .
Now that Estonia 's competitiveness can no longer count on a low-cost labor force , it needs to generate new technologies .
If , as occurred after the last elections , months go by without the formation of a government , this will be confirmation that Iraq 's political elites will continue to subordinate the desperate needs of the country -- for security , electricity , water , and basic services -- to their political futures as they haggle over positions .
But there is a crucial distinction to be made between the two cases : Japan needs the US to ensure its security , while China does not .
Energy projects also could be strengthened , given that energy needs are expected to grow even faster south of the Mediterranean than in Europe .
The region 's abundant gas resources should also be used to power desalination plants to meet the Maghreb 's enormous water needs .
The real victor of the campaign , with a vote that jumped up to 14.5 % and a position in parliament that will determine the shape of the new coalition government , was the heir of classic German liberalism , the FDP . It campaigned on a promise of tax reduction and of deregulation in order to stimulate the economic growth that Germany needs to get out of the economic crisis .
In coming years , the German government is likely to be more vocal in European and global debates . It is likely to present the German model as something that corresponds more closely to what the world needs in the aftermath of the financial crisis .
But this demand for political moderation impedes the search for the radical and painful solutions that Britain needs .
In the Machiavellian tradition , lying is sometimes justified by reference to the higher needs of political statecraft , and sometimes by the claim that the state , as an embodiment of the public good , represents a higher level of morality .
The convention that the IMF 's managing director needs to be a West European is not written down anywhere , least of all in the Fund 's Articles of Agreement .
The IMF needs a managing director who transcends political logic and can lay out the economics of the new global order .
This temptation needs to be removed before the tempted yield to it .
Thus , the US urgently needs to begin making four serious changes .
To halt this downward spiral , Ireland 's risk of insolvency needs to be put to rest .
These deficits facilitate the surpluses that emerging markets such as China want to run -- the world 's current accounts add up to zero , so if one large set of countries wants to run a surplus , someone big needs to run a deficit .
With France 's next presidential election fast approaching in 2012 , the last thing Sarkozy now needs is for Strauss-Kahn to play a statesman-like role in saving the euro zone .
Yet it still does not routinely collect the data that it needs -- trades by time and customer -- to understand the actions and impact of large traders .
But it amounts to essentially the same thing : when the chips were down , the most powerful governments in the world -LRB- on paper , at least -RRB- deferred again and again to the needs and wishes of people who had lent money to big banks .
At this time of financial turmoil , a global deal in Copenhagen needs to bring world leaders together in a strong , clear message to business : follow the low carbon path , we will support you all the way .
It is argued that early retirement systems cater to needs that are different from those addressed by traditional PAYG schemes .
But , as the Indian economist and frequent policymaker Vijay Kelkar has put it , `` India needs to fashion -LRB- its -RRB- own sui generis model of growth and development ... towards an advanced economy , always promoting inclusive growth , and thus gain the benefits of enhanced efficiency , greater equity , and better governance under a liberal democracy . ''
Rather than endless debates about higher budgetary allocations , India needs to find practical ways to promote effective , targeted , self-adjusting , and self-liquidating anti-poverty programs .
It needs more effective and more accountable governments .
Institutional reform is a delicate affair that needs to be done with caution and sometimes against the conventional reform dogma .
If the nations of North Africa are to succeed in meeting the needs and expectations of their peoples , policymakers must draw the appropriate lessons from the past -- and aim to get it right this time around .
But the main reason for India 's good relations with Myanmar 's ruling thugs is the country 's vast and still largely unexploited energy reserves , which India desperately needs to fuel its economic boom .
The government must be seen to care about `` aam aadmi , '' the common man -LRB- who votes -RRB- , while satisfying the needs of businessmen -LRB- who keep the economy humming -RRB- .
The elements of a new Obama vision for the US-India relationship would be : an emergency joint task force to fast-track the development of sustainable solutions to meet India 's and the world 's burgeoning energy , water and food needs .
Japan 's political leadership needs to be founded on a competitive but stable political structure .
Japan needs to develop well-balanced defense forces with the capacity needed to respond to new threats , such as the rapid build-up of China 's navy , especially its submarine forces .
Japan needs to be able to back up the Security Council with men , and hence share the political risk , as well as the cost , of the UN 's efforts to maintain world peace .
Russia 's ruling elite is increasingly failing to measure up to Russia 's capabilities and needs .
Russia needs a serious discussion , within the elite and among the public , about national strategy , just as it needs to create an effective planning and coordination mechanism for foreign policy .
None of these countries needs NATO , but the smell of PATO , CENTO , SEATO , and other long forgotten pacts and pseudo pacts is again in the air .
Greater Europe , in which I include not only Russia , but also the US , needs a new peace treaty , or rather system of accords , that draw a line under Europe 's horrible twentieth century and thus prevent a historical relapse .
It needs such weapons to compensate psychologically for NATO 's preponderance -- a reversal of the Cold War epoch -- in conventional forces .
If we can all work together -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies -- I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs extremism as an instrument of policy .
Before that decision is reached , the international community needs to provide humanitarian assistance and medical supplies to the rebels in eastern Libya .
To answer , one needs to understand the composition of the Iranian electorate .
In Khomeini 's view , the jurist-ruler could modify religious laws , depending on his interpretation of the needs of the regime .
For that plan to work , Ahmadinejad needs to survive through the next parliamentary election in March 2012 and the presidential election in June 2013 , despite Khamenei 's determination to marginalize him .
Fourteen countries attended to discuss food price inflation , energy needs , etc. . Alas , India 's voice was drowned out , not by China 's attempts to provide medicine and education to Africa , but by the sheer magnitude of Chinese state-owned enterprises ' investments in physical infrastructure .
Government programs to supply these needs are plagued with corruption -LRB- by some estimates 50-70 % of all welfare spending in India is stolen -RRB- and unable to provide quality services .
Moreover , large companies have been unable to serve these populations ' needs , because to do so would require them to reinvent their existing business models around new product , distribution , and pricing paradigms .
But what Russia needs is political parties that stand for something other than their boss 's will .
Putin understands instinctively that Russia needs elements of democracy , if only to distinguish the new Russia from the old , and to let the odd gust of healthy fresh air in .
Yet the true test of a ruler is not to pander to his people 's expectations , but to peer into the future and match the country 's aspirations with its needs and capacities .
His monomaniacal drive to centralize power is driving out the very expertise that the country needs to flourish .
Only democratic systems and free markets provide the essential signals that a government needs in order to act efficiently .
Today , the contemporary version of the KGB , the Federal Security Bureau -LRB- FSB -RRB- , runs Russia 's energy businesses in much the same top-down way that the KGB once ran the Soviet Union , with business always subordinate to the regime 's political needs .
Gazprom is also Russia 's main lever of influence in the EU as a whole , because the company supplies 30 % of the Union 's natural gas needs .
And the appearance that needs the most maintenance is that of a modern and civilized Russia .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
That is why , as Secretary-General , I have spoken out for the needs of mothers and pregnant women at every opportunity .
Haiti needs a strong and legitimate government to overcome the challenges ahead .
Israel needs security .
My third proposal relates to the rule of law . Universal membership in multilateral treaties is key , as are regional nuclear-weapon-free zones and a new treaty on fissile materials . President Barack Obama 's support for US ratification of the CTBT is welcome -- the treaty only needs a few more ratifications to enter into force . Disarmament must be rooted in legal obligations .
Our neighborhood policy needs support , not criticism .
The Turkish political system needs the sense of confidence that comes with EU engagement and the real prospect of membership in order to pursue the systemic political reforms that are still needed .
Such services must be accessible to everyone who needs them .
He has always shown scant regard for his people 's plight , and he still expects to get two-thirds or more of the oil and food he needs from China .
Nowadays , US policy on Asia needs the type of strategic vision and insight that guided Kissinger 's discussions with Mao Zedong and Zhou En-lai four decades ago .
Japan 's government in particular needs to identify a coherent Asia strategy and stick to it , instead of leaning towards China one minute , and America the next .
What Asia most needs today is a well-conceived regional system , embedded in binding multilateral institutions .
Of course , no textbook can provide all the answers a finance minister needs in today 's post-crisis world , particularly to meet Japan 's daunting challenges .
The mission needs a 10 % troop increase , more military and police trainers , and more military equipment , including helicopters .
Moreover , in order to provide much-needed finance to local firms , Argentina needs some of the savings that have been sent abroad to return .
This is hardly the type of leadership Europe needs to survive and prosper in the modern world .
The bad news is that all three politicians are lame ducks unlikely to undertake the reforms Europe so badly needs before their final goodbyes .
The reason is clear : Europe remains too dependent on the US for its defense needs .
By pumping in whatever liquidity the financial sector needs to alleviate the credit crunch , the ECB is effectively maintaining a deflationary bias for the financial sector , whereas it has announced an inflationary bias for the rest of the economy .
`` It would appear that , on the level of individual nations and of international relations , the free market is the most efficient instrument for utilizing resources and effectively responding to needs .
But this is true only for those needs which are ` solvent , ' insofar as they are endowed with purchasing power , and for those resources which are ` marketable , ' insofar as they are capable of obtaining a satisfactory price . ''
But the Pope added : '' -LRB- T -RRB- here are many human needs which find no place on the market . ''
When a firm makes a profit , this means that productive factors have been properly employed and corresponding human needs have been duly satisfied . ''
Eliminating the abuses that accompany capitalism and harnessing it for the benefit of society and human morals still needs to be tackled .
In that case , life with the twins could become more interesting than Poland needs .
That being the case , Obama needs to build a strong team of experienced Korea hands to push the agenda forward .
Further , no one has the right to use her or his possessions without concern for the needs of society and Earth .
Such an agreement must end all types of military and armed attacks as well as assassinations , and it needs to be monitored by a neutral third party -- namely , the quartet -LRB- the US , the UN , the EU , and Russia -RRB- that drew up the road map , which already contains a provision for foreign monitors .
The agreement needs to be followed by an effort to end the economic and administrative siege of Palestine , as well as serious peace talks with Israel aimed at ending the 39-year occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
At home , the new government needs to pay its civil servants , restore law and order , and end the chaos that has become the norm in the Palestinian territories .
They argue that the positions acceptable in Taba -LRB- following the failure of Camp David II -RRB- must be the basis of any agreement , and that what needs to be negotiated now is the timetable for implementation .
Palestinians were so locked in their opposition to Zionism that they were unable to appreciate the Jews ' existential needs , just as they failed to appreciate the effects of indiscriminate acts of violence against Israeli civilians .
Consumed with legitimate anger , Palestinians and Arabs failed to come up with a serious approach to reach out to Israelis and failed to devise a workable political strategy that would address Palestinian daily needs and national aspirations .
He needs to make it clear to every armed Palestinian that there will be no tolerance for any unofficial group carrying arms or conducting military attacks from Palestinian territory .
The decision by Hamas to join the political process by participating in the upcoming legislative elections shows that even this hardline Islamic movement has concluded that our conflict needs to be addressed by political rather than military means .
After all , anyone who wants to be re-elected must give priority to the needs of their own people and not necessarily to the demands of the international community .
For the time being , and until this will is found , the world should give Hamas time to deal with the daily needs of Palestinians .
Now , more than ever , it needs Anwar to reestablish its credibility .
And , to become prime minister , Anwar needs UMNO .
But what still needs to be explained is the timing of Japan 's boom and bust over the last 15 years , as well as the reasons for the duration of the country 's ongoing slump .
Not only is the region important for meeting China 's growing energy needs , but the Chinese authorities also are concerned about separatist pressures among the Uighur population in Xinjiang province and the impact of ties with Uighurs in neighboring Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
America , India , Europe , and Japan will face increasing tension between their short-term military needs in the region and their long-term goal of promoting political reform in order to create more stable and reliable partners .
Bolivia needs leaders who can move the country beyond social wars that translate into stagnation .
But the world needs to act now to generate the political will and financial resources needed to save the lives of up to three million babies who die each year simply because they are born without the basic care that is their right .
Thirty percent of its population of 230 million is below age 15 , so Indonesia 's economy needs to grow at 8 % simply to absorb the new workers .
· The volume of foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- in developing countries needs to be greatly increased and more evenly spread .
Robinson or Lagarde could be the inspiring leaders that the EU needs to make this dream a reality .
For their part , EU governments should provide the UN - on whose involvement in Iraq they have long insisted - with the protective force it needs to prepare nation-wide elections in Iraq later in the year , and ask others to join .
Hostility to GMOs is symbolic of broader opposition to the encroachment of market forces that are perceived to be creating a world in which money rules with nary a consideration for historical traditions , cultural identities , and social needs .
On the one hand , he needs to maximize his control of the economy and society in order to raise wages and pensions and to keep opponents down , while nourishing the long-tail of patronage that keeps him in power .
While EU leaders believe that peace and stability is built through interdependence , Russia 's leaders are intent on creating a situation in which the EU needs Russia more than Russia needs the EU , particularly in the energy sector .
The EU urgently needs a new approach .
To pursue its comparative advantage and prosper in a globalized world , a country needs a price system that reflects the relative abundance of its factor endowments .
China also needs to shift from its highly `` extensive '' -LRB- resource consuming -RRB- growth strategy to a more `` intensive '' development path .
Russia needs America and the West in order to realize its ambitious initiative to establish international centers of uranium enrichment , and it needs Western markets , which are the largest consumers of Russia 's gas and oil .
The World Bank recommends decentralizing school administration and decision-making so that schools are more responsive to local needs .
A lot more research needs to be done to establish the true costs and benefits of protecting forest ecosystems and biodiversity .
That needs to change .
Poverty rates in the region have fallen slightly in the last two decades , but to reduce the drastic levels of inequality , there needs to be a serious commitment to policies that encourage the poor to acquire the means to escape poverty in the future .
These are not space-age technologies , but staple goods that the world needs .
It would let each country focus on its own vision of future energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , conservation , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
It would let each country focus on its own future vision of energy needs , whether that means concentrating on renewable sources , nuclear energy , fusion , carbon storage , or searching for new and more exotic opportunities .
Now , the discussion needs to shift from the academic sphere to political life .
Here , more needs to be done , above and beyond the adaptation that will happen naturally .
Policymakers should abandon fraught carbon-reduction negotiations , and instead make agreements to invest in research and development to get this technology to the level where it needs to be .
Together , wind and solar energy supply a tiny fraction -- less than 0.6 % -- of the world 's entire energy needs .
Second , storage needs to be invented so that when the sun does n't shine , and the wind does n't blow , the world still gets power .
If politicians change course and agree this December to invest significantly more in research and development , we would have a much greater chance of getting this technology to the level where it needs to be .
As the report notes , `` the all-inclusive ` Kyoto ' type of climate policy ... needs to be broken up into separate issues again , each addressed on its merits and each in its own ways . ''
Europe needs to curb subsidies for old and dying industries , and to invest the money saved in future-oriented sectors .
The last thing Europe needs is to reinforce unnecessary centralization .
Liberty today needs the same type of stalwart defense .
China 's economy needs world markets as much as world markets need China , if not more .
Without skills , people find themselves locked out of productive , rewarding economic activities , leaving them unable to meet their needs for housing , healthcare and nutrition .
Africa needs to prepare for the opportunities and challenges to come by deliberately working for peace and security .
And so , as Muslims were intellectually regressing , Europeans began their renaissance , developing improved ways of meeting their needs , including the manufacture of weapons that eventually allowed them to dominate the world .
No one needs diplomatic immunity to talk to their friends .
Climate Change : Asia needs to build up innovative markets that enable technology transfer .
Moreover , if Japan needs allies to balance the rise of China , it could easily turn not only to the US , but also to Russia and India .
What Russia needs is a political response to terror that takes into account its international dimension .
This can only be reversed by violence , which is unlikely , so strong is the consensus that Lebanon needs a new president , and so ingrained is the rejection of force by all Lebanese .
Before the next Liberia comes along , we the world needs to find a way to provide resources for peacemaking much , much sooner .
Two of them offset each other , but the third threatens what America needs most in the coming years : economic growth .
Lastly , the culture of secrecy and non-accountability that permeates soccer 's major governing bodies such as FIFA , UEFA and the various country federations needs to be changed .
Fortunately , a growing arsenal of solutions is available through local innovations that are increasingly well adapted to Africa 's unique needs .
Yet it is not just how information is stored and retrieved that needs to change , but how we think about information as well .
Experts in government , industry , academia , and elsewhere agree that a long list of questions needs to be addressed if we are to develop nanotechnology as safely as possible .
Of course , Africa needs unity .
An entirely new financial culture needs to be implemented to eliminate corruption , and this will require that Africans monitor other Africans .
A program for African renewal along the lines outlined above offers the best hope for creating stability , new jobs , and establishing democracy in a continent that desperately needs all three .
France has a veto within the boards of directors of the Franc Zone 's two central banks , while two French commercial banks , BNP-Paribas and Société Générale , exercise a quasi-monopoly on lending programs , mainly centered on short-term trade financing and the needs of governments , public and private companies , and the elite .
But the last thing Africa needs is to be a battleground in an economic and political war .
The African Union needs thorough rethinking .
Harnessing the hydroelectric power of the Congo Basin alone would be enough to meet all of Africa 's energy needs , or to light the entire continent of South America . Moreover , establishing an African grid would enable power from the Democratic Republic of Congo to be delivered to southern European countries such as Spain , Portugal , and Italy .
A modern single market should reflect modern needs , and we should concentrate our efforts where they can have most effect .
In the current climate , it is impossible to measure the valuation of many financial assets to an accuracy of 3 % , and the excessive leverage that has been a feature of many banks ' balance sheets through this crisis needs to be put right -- and kept right for the future .
To reduce the risks of unwieldiness , the ECB needs to reform its Governing Council now .
The US needs to change its economic-policy course .
The EU urgently needs to democratize its procedures and reorganize its institutions to ensure that this year 's enlargement does not lead to bureaucratic deadlock .
Of the half-dozen candidates to become `` Europe 's President , '' only Tony Blair needs no introduction anywhere .
Indeed , Europe has much to offer the Arab world as it emerges from its political and economic stagnation , but it needs to do so loudly and clearly under the banner of EU leadership .
It would have been a good idea , for example , to send EEAS observers to selected countries to assess their political mood and economic needs .
For its part , Europe needs to mount a charm offensive to persuade Putin and Medvedev that Russia 's real interest is in improving bilateral relations .
Russia needs to collaborate on energy in ways that bring genuine security .
In the Middle East , it needs to persuade Iran to hold in check the military elements of the nuclear program that Russia has made possible .
Europe badly needs immigrants , yet is not culturally prepared to welcome them . The coming decades will therefore see substantially greater social change in Europe than elsewhere , although the nature of that change is far from clear .
Economic stagnation on this scale has alarming implications , because it means less and less tax revenues to fund all the reform projects and infrastructural investments Europe badly needs to regain its productivity and high-tech competitive edge .
Barroso needs to respond to all these doubts .
If he is to reassure EU national leaders that they should re-appoint him , then he needs to signal that his second term can hold out fresh promise .
Instead of forging a `` third way '' for Europe 's left with British Prime Minister Tony Blair , Chancellor Gerhard Schröder needs Blair to plead his case with President George W. Bush , who feels personally betrayed by the Chancellor 's conduct in the run-up to the war .
In postcommunist Eastern Europe , Germany is no longer perceived as an absolutely dependable advocate of the region 's needs .
America needs to create a Department of Democracy Promotion headed by a Cabinet-level official .
He needs to be .
First , a credible policy agenda needs firm targets with clear deadlines .
At a time when deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan are straining the defense budget and much of the military 's existing equipment needs repair or replacement , questions arise as to whether such programs are a good investment .
Because China has been competing with India for access to Burma 's natural resources , India also needs to be actively included in efforts to pressure the Burmese regime , a process that the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- might effectively coordinate .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
Unlike Europe , which largely put its historical ghosts to bed after 1945 , Asian countries remain mired in nineteenth-century-style nationalisms that weakens collaboration and makes the region more dangerous than it needs to be .
The best way to help make Afghanistan 's government more accountable to its people over the long term is by working to strengthen Afghan democracy , but this level of accountability is still far off -- and Afghanistan desperately needs better governance now .
At this crucial moment , we call on Europe to open itself toward Ukraine , a great European country whose needs and aspirations can not be forgotten in the process of constructing the new Europe .
To complete the process of democratic transformation , Ukraine needs a declaration by Europe affirming Ukraine 's European and Euro-Atlantic prospects .
The needs are basic : promoting breastfeeding , food supplies for young children , and medical attention for mothers .
But Gaza 's people and their needs remain in what British Prime Minister David Cameron last year called an `` open prison . ''
Surely there is room across divides of party and nation to address these pressing humanitarian needs , which otherwise would only fuel future political trouble .
Brazil also needs budgetary space to accommodate needed investment in social infrastructure , especially sanitation and basic health-care facilities , in order to reduce the incidence of infectious diseases .
It also needs to fund well-targeted programs to reduce poverty further and ensure universal access to basic education ; to improve secondary education , with a view to improving the technical skills of the labor force ; and to support efficient research and innovation .
On the expenditure side , Brazil needs a new round of pension reform -- clearly a priority , given the rapid aging of the population .
Do multinational companies , international non-governmental organizations , and multilateral lenders really understand local needs ?
Ghana certainly needs to develop economically , because material wealth is required to improve health , provide education , and sustain democracy .
As a result , the UMNO finds itself squeezed between an Islamic lobby that presses for greater `` Talibanization '' of the country and the rising voices of international critics , who can not be ignored , because the party needs both radical supporters and foreign investors to stay in power .
Europe and Russia no longer see themselves as secondary players , because the US , not to mention Israel , needs them .
America needs allies , and is not preoccupied by their potential independent strength .
Those divisions are now history , and American reservations about a European security pillar can not trump America 's pressing needs for allied support .
The world needs a more modest and confident America .
The EU desperately needs a strategic and diplomatic partner that can significantly reinforce its clout in the Middle East .
Europe also needs the dynamism of a youthful Turkey .
Above all , it needs the message of reconciliation sent to Islam that Turkey 's entrance into the Union would represent .
Israel needs allies , because its ultimate security depends on its legitimacy nearly as much as on its deterrence capability .
Above all , the EU needs political will and direction . Only Germany and France , acting together , can convey to Europe 's citizens and to the world the sense that the EU is at long last waking up to today 's global realities .
What the Balkans needs nowadays are not historians or political scientists , but psychoanalysts who can help them transcend their past for the sake of the present and the future .
But how can China become capable of implementing the `` rule of law '' which it so badly needs , let us not even speak of democracy , if it continues to systematically lie to its people about the recent past ?
Why , Indian officials seemed to wonder , change what works , and at a time when the US needs India more than ever ?
Russia and China today are united not only by their energy deals , but also by both countries ' conviction that their time has come , and that the outside world needs them more than they need the outside world , particularly the US .
The US needs allies now more than ever , for the world is reverting to its pre-war multi-polar state .
The IMF forecasts that the Hariri government should be able to tap capital markets to cover its financial needs for 2010 .
In order to get further assistance , Lebanon urgently needs to strengthen its ties with the US , as well as those that it has been developing within the framework of EU Mediterranean Cooperation .
This needs to be done on a sustained basis following the withdrawal of extraordinary fiscal stimulus .
On numerous occasions , he has argued that his country needs to rethink its traditional strict separation of state and religion , called laïcité .
According to calculations by Morgan Stanley , with relatively low long-term interest rates , Greece needs a primary surplus of at least 2.4 % of GDP each year just to stabilize its national debt at 118 % of GDP .
In other words , capitalism creates a rational awareness of their needs and interests .
Humanitarian aid is being delivered , but a distribution system safe from the predations of Afghanistan 's warlords needs to be built .
The educational system needs to be rebuilt almost from scratch , and with so many women anxious to return to teaching , a revived educational system will also help Afghanistan 's democratic politicians gain a powerful lobby of workers .
A decentralized system will respond better to local needs and avoid an over-bureaucratic public sector .
The gap between Europe 's security needs and its military capacities is widening , and most European leaders lack the will to do what is necessary to close it .
Today , Europe needs improved capacity to combat terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , deal with failed or failing states , contend with regional conflicts , and respond to humanitarian crises .
The fragmented nature of European defense procurement , the Byzantine rules of the European defense trade , and industrial capabilities shaped by the Cold War legacy all sap Europe 's ability to meet its military needs .
But these trade-offs must be made if Europe 's military is to meet the Continent 's security needs .
Specialization of military capabilities and industrial efforts by certain member states shows some promise , but needs to be coordinated to avoid redundancy and ensure interoperability .
Given that security issues will likely prevent most of this energy from being transported eastward to meet China 's domestic needs , Chinese energy concerns will need to become players in international energy markets -- which means shipping Chinese-developed oil and gas in Iraq and Iran westward for sale .
But Russia needs the revenue at least as much as Europe needs the energy .
This idea is so novel that it needs further elaboration .
Talent is now recognized as a scarce commodity that needs to be nurtured for a worldwide market of skills and competencies .
Just as formal schooling needs to become better integrated with the informal learning environments to which our children are exposed in multiple ways , formal and informal learning must mesh in a life-long process .
Fonkoze was back in operation only days after the earthquake . Remittances transferred through Fonkoze are free , giving recipient families in Haiti vital resources to meet short-term needs while also encouraging long-term development .
That is why Haiti needs the private sector now more than ever -- to help rebuild both the country and the livelihoods of poor rural people .
Higher food prices meant that poor people , already struggling to meet basic human needs , were pushed deeper into poverty .
Each link in the value chain , from the smallholder to the local trade agents and agro-processors to regional and national markets , needs to be strengthened .
But if Europe fails to respond , Obama will look elsewhere for the partners he needs , unconstrained by anxious European invocations of `` special relationships '' or `` the Atlantic community of values . ''
Second , perhaps he needs to be able to try the Guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting , or even keep them from trial forever : lawyers claim that torture , including sexual torture , was so endemic in the CIA and the military that Obama could be holding scores , if not hundreds , of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes .
In practice , however , a successful vision often arises from the needs of the group , which are then formulated and articulated by the leader .
It is a serious charge , because the world needs a broader strategy against terrorism .
Rising anti-Americanism around the world threatens to deprive the US of the soft or attractive power that it needs to succeed in the struggle against terrorism .
Here the US needs the help of Europeans , and it makes no sense to call this world uni-polar , either .
The world needs a multi-faceted strategy that de-legitimizes attacks on civilians as a method of conflict ; discourages states from providing resources or safe harbor to those who use such methods ; hardens our targets at home ; denies terrorists easy access to weapons of mass destruction ; and reduces incentives to use terrorism .
If Iran were interested solely in peaceful uses , the Russian offer or some other plan -LRB- such as placing stocks of low enriched uranium in Iran -RRB- could meet their needs .
Military force , intelligence , and international police cooperation needs to be used against hardcore terrorists affiliated with or inspired by al-Qaeda , but soft power is essential to attracting the mainstream and drying up support for the extremists .
The new relationship with Russia needs careful management , and rapid extension of membership to former Soviet republics like Ukraine and Georgia could prove difficult .
The West needs Russian cooperation in dealing with issues like nuclear proliferation in Iran and North Korea , the control of nuclear materials and weapons , combating the current wave of radical Islamist terrorism , and energy production and security .
Development will take a long time , and the international community needs to explore better ways to make sure that help actually reaches the poor , but both prudence and a concern for soft power suggest that the US should take the lead .
Almost every leader needs a certain degree of soft power .
For example , international financial stability is vital to American prosperity , but the US needs the cooperation of others to ensure it .
In addition , a successful leader needs the hard-power skills of organizational and Machiavellian political capacity .
International financial stability is vital to prosperity , but the US needs the cooperation of others to ensure it .
`` An innovative economy needs open markets , venture capital , free thinking entrepreneurs , fast bankruptcy courts and solid protection of intellectual property , '' she argues .
With slowing world economic growth , US financing needs could cause a drop in investors ' confidence in the future of US-based assets , precipitating a sharp dollar depreciation .
China needs a major internal restructuring from exports and investments , its two engines of growth in past decades , to personal and government consumption -LRB- education , health , and social protection in the latter case -RRB- .
The question today is whether , with the moment of crisis passing and countries ' circumstances and perspectives diverging , the G-20 can demonstrate the leadership the world needs in addressing its ongoing critical problems .
The far-North , some of whose leaders responded , like MASSOB , to Obasanjo 's ascendancy in 1999 by embracing Islamic Sharia law , also needs to be watched carefully .
There is no effective training for health-care and social-welfare professionals that covers the special health needs of people with intellectual disabilities , and no monitoring of health systems .
People with intellectual disabilities are under-researched , their physical and mental health problems unarticulated and unidentified -- and thus their special needs left unaddressed .
There is money floating around the system that needs to be redirected to community alternatives .
Inclusion through support for families and community-based care will ensure that service delivery meets human needs and complies with the rule of law .
Africa needs substantial investments to correct these shortfalls : $ 75 billion to close its 135-gigawatt power deficit by 2015 , and $ 37 billion to improve transport infrastructure .
Of course , Europe needs to sweeten the Kosovo deal for Serbia .
Everyone in Europe and the world needs a unified , robust Europe .
He needs to strike a new bargain with Belarusians , and he knows it : economic modernization with political `` stability . ''
The West needs to cultivate relations with these people and invest in the economy , while rejecting the brutality of the regime , which may become easier if privatization moves ahead .
Unless the ADB 's member governments reverse its current policies , they , too , will be blamed for ignoring the urgent needs of the poor .
It is intellectually and politically unsettling to realize that , if the West can not quickly straighten out its systems of government , only politically un-reformed states like China will be able to make the decisions that a nation needs to survive in today 's high-speed , high-tech , increasingly globalized world .
Two-thirds of its population is under the age of 30 , and unemployment is high ; it needs to attract foreign investment for its oil and gas industry , and to finance road construction and other infrastructure projects .
Perhaps the country needs exactly this just now : an atypical Israeli at the steering wheel .
Recent public opinion surveys indicate why Toledo needs such assistance : many Peruvians believe that his government is as corrupt as Fujimori 's .
Every economy needs someone who can ensure that the proverbial punch bowl is taken away when the party gets out of hand .
This link between security , democracy , and human development has since been broken and needs to be restored through investment in good governance , regional development , and education .
Finally , China needs a new energy strategy .
Above all , a system needs to be established to monitor officials ' performance in environmental as well as in economic terms .
If properly managed , migration can enhance Europe 's cultural wealth and meet its labor-market needs , as fertility rates in the EU fall and its population ages .
Immigrants come to Europe in large measure because Europe needs them .
Barack Obama is a star . The world needs one .
But it needs one who continues to shine brightly for several years to come .
The story of how we became who we are needs to accommodate our sense of tribal solidarity and accomplishment .
The EU needs common defense procurement and harmonization to acquire the helicopters , transport aircraft , battlefield communications equipment , and surveillance drones that are necessary for twenty-first-century operations .
Obama clearly recognizes that the NPT needs to be strengthened in order to prevent countries from turning their civil nuclear-power capacity into weapons .
What is interesting is that Indian businesspeople no longer dwell on what India 's government needs to do .
India needs better and much more education , as its young population grows .
How can we ensure that technology meets the needs of the poor and does not simply increase the divide between laptop-owning , Blackberry-using Westerners like me and the poor in India or China ?
The rest of the world needs a strong , self-confident , and decisive America .
At the same time , the West needs to develop together a negotiating position on carbon emissions and climate change that will engage China and India .
Finally , even after Bush -- who became so unpopular in Europe -LRB- not always fairly -RRB- -- the European Union will find it hard to become the partner in tackling global problems that America needs and seeks .
This lesson needs to be learned fast .
America needs to rein in its household and fiscal spending , so that it can cut the amount of money that it borrows and owes .
As for foreign policy , it is Obama who has rightly said that America needs to switch the focus of its military operations from Iraq to Afghanistan .
Yet the world still needs American leadership .
The United Nations is far from perfect . It needs reform -- as do the bodies that provide global economic governance .
It needs little care and brings a secure income .
Indeed , public opinion in all candidate countries is against a military action in Iraq . The candidate countries have simply shown loyalty to the US at a time when the US needs them .
Regardless of what happens , all Europe needs to get past clichés about `` old '' versus `` new '' Europe .
While the attempt by Chinese officials to extract a huge concession -- market-economy status -- is ill-timed and in poor taste , China 's government needs to weigh the significant benefits that it could receive by providing limited but meaningful assistance to Europe in its hour of need .
That is the question the European Union needs to ask itself as it debates whether to resume providing financial aid to the Palestinian Authority .
Israel wants -- indeed , desperately needs -- peace and stability in the Middle East , and we will continue to do everything in our power to achieve it .
The Israeli government needs to be convinced that resuming peace talks could lead to more constructive Syrian behavior vis-à-vis Lebanon and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Iran 's Options Berlin &#45; &#45; With President Bush in Europe getting EU leaders to agree to toughen UN sanctions against Iran , and with the ongoing debate between John McCain and Barack Obama about whether the US needs to talk with Iran 's rulers , the issue of Iran 's nuclear program is heating up . Iranians , no surprise , are watching this debate with interest . They need to do more than watch .
If it wants to be seen as a status-quo power , it needs to accept local and international efforts at establishing peace between Israel and its neighbors .
For a grand bargain with the US , Iran needs to end its support for militant organizations like Hamas or Palestinian Islamic Jihad which undermine efforts at reaching a two-state solution for Israel and Palestine .
Europe needs clean energy , and will not be able to produce enough on its own territory .
Europe , while afraid of illegal migration , needs foreign labor for its own demographic reasons -- not least young engineers , technical staff , doctors , and health-care workers .
And it would address real needs in the Southern Mediterranean countries -- improving professional skills , reducing the pressure on the local labor market , creating businesses and jobs -- as well as in Europe .
At long last , these countries ' demographic wealth would be used to meet their development needs .
The EU needs a comprehensive regional approach , focusing on the remaining steps that would lead each country towards membership .
The most recent EU members , Bulgaria and Romania , are both in the Balkans and both are examples of countries with special needs .
Their special needs should be taken into account in any new EU approach , giving them hope while mitigating the fallout from Kosovo .
Society , then , needs to pay for the costs of crime prevention policies and the administration of justice .
Economic recovery needs to begin as soon as possible , not only because this is essential to maintaining political and social stability , but also because donors are unwilling to support economic reconstruction unless countries do their part to create an environment conducive to ensuring its sustainability .
China is militarily self-sufficient and needs military cooperation under the SCO framework only in order to free its hands if any conflict should arise that affects its interests .
Vladimir Putin needs his own `` Nixon moment . ''
The lion 's share of the technologies , know-how , and a substantial proportion of the investment , needs to come from Europe and the USA . ''
The Sino-American relationship needs to be taken to a new level .
Third , the advanced countries will need monetary support , which implies low policy rates for years to come , while the monetary needs in the emerging and developing countries will be radically different .
It needs some sort of mutual insurance , or what could be termed `` insurance-based federalism . ''
The relative price of the goods produced in the advanced countries -LRB- their real exchange rate -RRB- needs to depreciate vis-à-vis the emerging countries in order to compensate for the expected shortfall in internal demand .
So the system needs a reshuffle .
To be a professor , it seems to me , one must first have something of importance to oneself that needs affirming , and then one must affirm it .
Of course , Thaksin 's legacy of corruption and of a pandering populism must be rejected , but the profound awakening of the Thai electorate that did occur , almost accidentally , during his premiership needs to be built upon , not suppressed .
Thailand needs elections that are not subverted by judicial decisions .
And the question of royal succession also needs clarification as Thailand 's constitutional monarchy navigates the uncertain path ahead .
Practically everyone knows what is unacceptable , and what needs to be eliminated .
The country needs a deeper commitment to reform that will come only when its institutions engage the Russian public in the sort of open debate that we have lacked .
What China needs is a more flexible exchange rate that can respond freely to market forces .
What needs to be explored is not the validity of the secular trend , but the nature of the local influences working against it .
Such a review of remittances should look into restrictive practices that could be abolished , and ask whether official assistance should be adapted to the needs of this informal yet crucially important aid network .
To prevent abuse of these far-reaching powers , their exercise needs to be balanced by routine accountability .
The broader political environment , too , needs to be conducive to effective independence .
It needs international budget support for operations , salaries , and basic services .
An alliance between the two largest parties , the late Benazir Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party -LRB- PPP -RRB- and Nawaz Sharif 's Muslim League faction -LRB- PML-N -RRB- is what the country needs and what most Pakistanis want .
The US needs to take a step back and let Pakistan 's political process proceed naturally .
Even that much warming would require a massive effort to adapt to weather extremes and rising sea levels , which needs to start now .
This would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of women and men -- and a deeper appreciation that the male paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science .
Countries around the world are embracing shortsighted policies that cater to the immediate needs of domestic constituencies .
In theory , this is what democracy is all about -- policy responding to the needs of the people .
But , if politicians are to become less anxious about jobs , perhaps we need to start discussing whether jobless recoveries are here to stay , and whether the US safety net , devised for a different era , needs to be modified .
America needs to tackle inequality at its root , by giving more Americans the ability to compete in the global marketplace .
In time , the IAEA became a nuclear brain bank , assisting developing countries with their peaceful nuclear needs .
Dimona has produced all the plutonium that Israel reasonably needs , and the reactor -- one of the world 's oldest -- has suffered minor mishaps and evident deterioration , raising the specter of more serious accidents .
This is why it needs a concert of powers to sustain its fragile stability .
The world needs peace , countries deserve development , and people want cooperation ... China will always be a good neighbor , good friend , and good partner of other Asian countries . ''
At the same time , much more needs to be done to help prevent future crises and reduce poverty .
But for such cooperation to be effective , the international community needs the right tools .
The international community needs a setting where it can debate the most sensitive economic issues , including -- but certainly not limited to -- exchange rate issues .
Nobody needs do anything differently -- except take the tablets .
But , while System II choices may be more effective than System-I decisions , they are more `` expensive '' to make : one needs data , analysis , and concentration .
More disturbingly , coal , oil , and gas are projected to supply most of the world 's growing energy needs for decades to come .
During the past few years , Colombia has become one of the three most attractive destinations for foreign investment in Latin America , allowing it to cover a significant part of its external financing needs this year .
That needs to change -- before it 's too late .
NEW HAVEN -- Asia needs a new consumer .
To be elected President of France , one needs more than charisma , a good program , and a strong political party .
Every four or five years , the legitimacy of the system needs to be confirmed by elections .
Indeed , there is still no consensus that this needs to be done . Yet the G-20 has opened the way to discussion of these fundamental issues .
France urgently needs structural reforms -- and thus a strong government .
But it needs great doctrinal clarity , a firm political will , and a constitution .
While the central bank bears a good part of the responsibility , it needs support from other parts of the government , most notably from the finance ministry .
Equally important , the central bank needs to signal to the public that it now cares about the real exchange rate , because it is important to exports , jobs , and sustainable growth .
We now realize even the most sophisticated market players were clueless about the new financial instruments that emerged , and no one now doubts that the financial industry needs an overhaul .
The first three decades after 1945 were governed by the Bretton Woods consensus -- a shallow multilateralism that permitted policymakers to focus on domestic social and employment needs while enabling global trade to recover and flourish .
What needs to be done is clear .
When domestic needs become paramount , global economic cooperation suffers .
As the current crisis has demonstrated yet again , capitalism needs stabilizing arrangements such as a lender of last resort and counter-cyclical fiscal policy .
If anything needs fixing , it is the sociology of the profession .
Sadly , in view of today 's needs , macroeconomists have made little progress on policy since John Maynard Keynes explained how economies could get stuck in unemployment due to deficient aggregate demand .
If globalization does not get the fix it needs , economic prospects will be dim for rich and poor countries alike .
Mercantilism Reconsidered CAMBRIDGE -- A businessman walks into a government minister 's office and says he needs help .
In this model , the economy needs a state that eagerly lends an ear to business , and , when necessary , greases the wheels of commerce by providing incentives , subsidies , and other discretionary benefits .
But what the world needs is a Fed chairman who is instinctively skeptical of financial markets and their social value .
The IMF 's change of heart is important , but it needs to be followed by further action .
Second , industrial policy needs to rely on both carrots and sticks .
The same principle needs to apply to all government efforts to spawn new industries .
To guard against abuse and capture , industrial policy needs be carried out in a transparent and accountable manner , and its processes must be open to new entrants as well as incumbents .
European leaders always understood that economic union needs to have a political leg to stand on .
So Europe needs a short-term growth strategy to supplement its financial-support package and its plans for fiscal consolidation .
Their storyline needs to convince their electorates as well as the markets .
China , in particular , needs to confront the fact that the rest of the world will not allow it to run a huge trade surplus forever .
It needs a nudge in the appropriate direction , especially when a country has a strong comparative advantage in natural resources .
What the world needs right now is less consensus and more experimentation in the service of such strategies .
Everyone agrees that the country 's public debt is too high and needs to be reduced over the longer term .
The US economy needs a second round of fiscal stimulus in the short term to make up for low private demand , together with a credible long-term fiscal-consolidation program .
Europeans , too , know a new balance that needs to be struck .
Yes , the IMF needs many changes , as does the broader international financial system within which it operates .
By my calculations , the dollar still needs to go down another 15 % if the US trade deficit is to go back towards balance .
Yet , if Brazil is to enjoy growth above the modest levels of the past few years , the country badly needs to reform its labor laws , open itself more to foreign trade , and improve the quality of its primary education system .
The claim that the World Bank needs an American president to ensure that the US keeps donating money is ridiculous . The annual cost of the US contribution to the World Bank , even taking into account off-the-books loan guarantees , is relatively minor .
Last but not least , the Bank needs to play a much bigger role in environmental issues and , in general , in promoting good international citizenship by both rich and poor countries . -LRB- Some of us have been proposing this for almost two decades . -RRB-
The world needs the World Bank a lot more than it needs another condominium .
But as health expenses start taking up a third of national income , healthcare socialism starts becoming just plain Marxism : to each according to his needs .
I foresee a series of interest rate cuts by the Fed , which should not be viewed as a concession to asset markets , but rather as recognition that the real economy needs help .
This time needs to be different .
Besides , the US needs these investments to help re-capitalize its badly weakened financial system .
The world as a whole needs tighter monetary and fiscal policy .
It needs to provide an expanded form of deposit insurance during this time of turmoil , so that there are no more Northern Rock-style bank runs .
There is acknowledgement that the US China trade relationship needs to be rebalanced , but little imagination on how to proceed . Deep down , our leaders and policymakers have convinced themselves that for all its flaws , the old system was better than anything we are going to think of , and that simply restoring confidence will fix everything , at least for as long as they remain in office .
The right lesson from Lehman should be that the global financial system needs major changes in regulation and governance .
Yes , China needs to strengthen its social safety net and to deepen domestic capital markets before consumption can take off .
But the government urgently needs to implement credible fiscal adjustment , concentrating not only higher taxation , but also on rolling back some of the incredible growth in government spending -- from 45 % of GDP to 52 % of GDP -- that occurred between 2007 and 2009 .
Nevertheless , Greece can avoid an Argentine-style meltdown , but it needs to engage in far more determined adjustment .
The country also needs to find ways to enhance the productivity of those workers it does have .
In Germany , the most urgent needs are for tax and labor-market reform .
As for fiscal policy , it is already in high gear and needs gradual tightening over several years , lest already troubling government-debt levels deteriorate even faster .
Exports are the best way out , but the US needs help .
The Germans have been widely castigated for pointing out that Europe has no clear mechanism for sorting out sovereign -LRB- government -RRB- defaults , and that surely it needs one .
But what Europe really needs is the kind of honest assessment and tough love that the Fund has traditionally offered to its other , less politically influential , clients .
The IMF needs to bring much more of this brand of skepticism to its assessment of eurozone debt dynamics , instead of constantly seeking strained assumptions that would make the debt appear sustainable .
Excessive leverage needs to be reined in .
I can think of one very good reason why the euro needs to fall , and six not-so-convincing reasons why it should remain stable or appreciate .
Let 's begin with why the euro needs to fall .
NATO needs Russia , and Russia needs NATO , and the US shift away from unilateralism has restored the importance of multilateral security institutions while giving NATO the chance to establish new partnerships with the EU and Russia .
The time is ripe to explore again limitations on conventional forces , and to adjust them to current rather than past needs .
The revived importance of multilateral security institutions is creating a new climate and new prospects for a security system that can meet the needs of the twenty-first century .
Most of these economies can avoid the worst if they implement the appropriate policy adjustments and if the international financial institutions -LRB- including the IMF -RRB- provide enough lending to cover their external financing needs .
For example , Chinese state-owned enterprises that gained access to huge amounts of easy money and credit are buying equities and stockpiling commodities well beyond their productive needs .
So , despite revulsion on the part of Germany and the European Central Bank at the idea of a `` bailout , '' Greece needs large official financial support this year at rates that are not unsustainable to prevent its current illiquidity from devolving immediately into insolvency .
So a eurozone that needs fiscal austerity , structural reforms , and appropriate macroeconomic and financial policies is weakened politically at both the EU and national levels .
Finally , Europe needs policies that restore competitiveness and growth to the eurozone 's periphery , where GDP is either still contracting -LRB- Greece , Spain , and Ireland -RRB- or barely growing -LRB- Italy and Portugal -RRB- .
To avoid this fate , China needs to save less , reduce fixed investment , cut net exports as a share of GDP , and boost the share of consumption .
To ease the constraints on household income , China needs more rapid exchange-rate appreciation , liberalization of interest rates , and a much sharper increase in wage growth .
More importantly , China needs either to privatize its SOEs , so that their profits become income for households , or to tax their profits at a far higher rate and transfer the fiscal gains to households .
Finally , the eurozone needs policies to restart economic growth on its periphery .
To revive growth , the ECB needs to stop raising interest rates and reverse course .
And Germany should delay its austerity plan , as the last thing that the eurozone needs is a massive fiscal drag .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
So , to prevent a spiral of ever-deepening recession , the periphery needs real depreciation to improve its external deficit .
Although Chávez has railed against outside interference in the referendum , he surely understands that its legitimacy needs to be guaranteed in the eyes of a watchful foreign press and other international observers .
But superficial repairs will not meet the European Union 's future needs .
1 . The EU needs a knowledge and innovation policy that strengthens European agriculture 's competitiveness .
2 . Europe also needs a restructuring policy for land use .
They could make a real contribution to cleaner , more productive , and efficient farming and land use , while addressing social needs .
A time-out needs to be called so that the players , including President-elect Barack Obama , can negotiate a new bargain for the region .
Building up Afghanistan 's security forces is at most a stopgap measure , as the country can not sustain forces of the size that it now needs .
This is wrong on all counts : Africa is trapped in poverty , many countries are well poised to use aid effectively , and America 's contribution is tiny relative to Africa 's needs , America 's promises , and America 's wealth .
Blair 's Africa Commission , as well as the UN Millennium Project , found that Africa needs about $ 50 billion per year in aid by 2010 .
Yet official US aid to Africa is only $ 3 billion per year , and much of that covers salaries for American consultants rather than investments in Africa 's needs .
The best estimates show that Africa needs about 300 million bed nets , and that the cost per net -LRB- including shipping -RRB- is around $ 10 , for a sum of $ 3 billion .
In addition , Africa needs help with anti-malaria medicines , diagnostic equipment , and training of community health workers .
On economic isolation , Africa needs help with the basics -- roads and ports -- but there is also an opportunity to `` leapfrog '' technology .
Of course , aid should be directed to specific needs -- for example , malaria control , food production , safe drinking water , and sanitation -- whose fulfillment can be measured and monitored to resist corruption .
As such , it must be reliable , predictable , and directed towards development needs in ways that can be monitored , measured , and evaluated .
Is it supporting real development needs , such as growing more food , fighting disease , or building transport , energy , and communications infrastructure ?
If development aid can be directed to real needs , then it should be given to poor and unstable countries , knowing that it will save lives , improve economic performance , and thus also improve the long-term prospects for democracy and good governance .
To salvage its credibility , the G-8 needs to make crystal clear - -- once again -- that it will honor its commitment to increase aid to Africa by $ 25 billion per year by 2010 .
Moreover , unlike in 2005 , the G-8 needs to present a plan of action .
Fortunately , what needs to be done is not complicated .
For 40 years , since the Six-Day War of 1967 , there has been one realistic possibility for peace : Israel 's return to its pre-1967 borders , combined with viable economic conditions for a Palestinian state , including access to trade routes , water supplies , and other essential needs .
Competing groups struggle to stay alive in the face of a shortage of food , water , pasture land , and other basic needs .
If we are to reduce the risk of war , we must help impoverished people everywhere , not only in Darfur , to meet their basic needs , protect their natural environments , and get onto the ladder of economic development .
Buildings can reduce their heating needs through improved insulation , or by converting from heating oil to electricity produced by clean technology .
For example , solar power plants in America 's Mohave Desert could supply more than half of the country 's electricity needs .
That 's achievable if the World Bank , donor governments , and poor countries direct their attention to the urgent needs of the world 's poorest farmers .
The world needs global solutions for global problems , but the G-8 leaders clearly can not provide them .
The UN Secretary General led a steering group last year that determined that African agriculture needs around $ 8 billion per year in donor financing -- roughly four times the current total -- with a heavy emphasis on improved seeds , fertilizer , irrigation systems , and extension training .
But the Bank does not yet have sufficient funds to meet these countries ' urgent needs , and has had to ration assistance to a small fraction of the flows that could be effectively and reliably used .
But if the world cooperates effectively , the decline in consumer demand can be offset by a valuable increase in investment spending to address the most critical needs on the planet : sustainable energy , safe water and sanitation , a reduction of pollution , improved public health , and increased food production for the poor .
The world therefore needs to stimulate other kinds of spending .
One powerful way to boost the world economy and to help meet future needs is to increase spending on key infrastructure projects , mainly directed at transportation -LRB- roads , ports , rail , and mass transit -RRB- , sustainable energy -LRB- wind , solar , geothermal , carbon-capture and sequestration , and long-distance power transmission grids -RRB- , pollution control , and water and sanitation .
At the same time , impoverished countries have huge needs for infrastructure , especially roads , rail , renewable energy , water and sanitation , and for improved current delivery of vital life-saving services , including health care and support for food production .
Moreover , Japan can boost its own economy and those of the poorest countries by directing its own industrial production to the infrastructure needs of the developing world .
By directing resources away from rich countries ' consumption to developing countries ' investment needs , the world can achieve a `` triple '' victory .
Governments lose their legitimacy when they can not guarantee their populations ' most basic needs : safe drinking water , staple food crops , and fodder and water for the animal herds on which communities depend for their meager livelihoods .
But these responses overlook the underlying challenge of helping communities meet their urgent needs for water , food , and livelihoods .
Addressing the problem of climate change requires reducing emissions of carbon dioxide from fossil fuels , which in turn involves choices in technology , some of which already exists and much of which needs to be developed .
Now the US needs to return to this important idea .
Powerful resistance to higher taxes , coupled with a growing list of urgent unmet needs , has led to chronic under-performance by the US government and an increasingly dangerous level of budget deficits and government debt .
America , in fact , needs a value-added tax , which is widely used in Europe , but Obama himself staunchly ruled out that kind of tax increase during his election campaign .
The world 's emergency-response systems -- especially for impoverished countries in zones that are vulnerable to earthquakes , volcanoes , droughts , hurricanes , and floods -- needs upgrading .
The world needs true accountability , not empty words about accountability .
South Korea understands the utter seriousness of the global development agenda , and the poorest countries ' needs .
Part of Bhutan 's GNH revolves , of course , around meeting basic needs -- improved health care , reduced maternal and child mortality , greater educational attainment , and better infrastructure , especially electricity , water , and sanitation .
This focus on material improvement aimed at meeting basic needs makes sense for a country at Bhutan 's relatively low income level .
Their biggest and most compelling challenge is to meet citizens ' basic needs .
The question of how to guide an economy to produce sustainable happiness -- combining material well-being with human health , environmental conservation , and psychological and cultural resiliency -- is one that needs addressing everywhere .
Neither party even mentions the poor , who now officially make up 15 % of the population but in fact are even more numerous , when we count all those households struggling with health care , housing , jobs , and other needs .
Almost everybody complains , almost everybody aggressively defends their own narrow and short-term interests , and almost everybody abandons any pretense of looking ahead or addressing the needs of others .
As a result , America 's total tax revenues as a share of national income are among the lowest of all high-income countries , roughly 30 % , compared to around 40 % in Europe . But 30 % of GDP is not enough to cover the needs of health , education , science and technology , social security , infrastructure , and other vital government responsibilities .
As the EU shows , ancient enmities and battle lines can be turned into mutually beneficial cooperation if a region looks forward , to resolving its long-term needs , rather than backward , to its long-standing rivalries and conflicts .
The political boundaries exist as a legacy of the colonial era , not as the result of cultural realities and economic needs .
I do n't know whether Obama 's leadership might have found those votes , but I do know that the US has not mustered the national effort to respond effectively to the Horn of Africa 's needs .
When people are hungry , deprived of basic needs such as clean water , health care , and education , and without meaningful employment , they suffer .
As individuals , we are unhappy if we are denied our basic material needs , but we are also unhappy if the pursuit of higher incomes replaces our focus on family , friends , community , compassion , and maintaining internal balance .
It has also reduced poverty sharply in many emerging economies -- indeed , for this reason alone , the world economy needs to remain open and interconnected .
Yet the role of government also needs to be modernized , in line with the specific challenges posed by an interconnected world economy .
There needs to be confidence in the basic infrastructure of international trade and transport .
Rich countries must provide roughly $ 20 per person to close the gap . Instead they provide just $ 2 per person and nevertheless believe that they are meeting the needs of the poor .
It is time for the rich to promote real economic development through foreign assistance at levels commensurate with the needs of the poor and through open markets that allow the poor to export their way to greater prosperity .
Causation probably runs in both directions here : cultural factors may have impeded economic growth , while poor economic performance -LRB- say , bad economic policies and over-dependence on oil -RRB- may have slowed the adaptation of cultural practices to the needs of a modern economy .
A penny on ten dollars would make historic breakthroughs in health ; another penny on ten dollars could address the critical needs in education as well .
If the world - especially the US and other rich countries - shift a small amount of their military spending to meeting the needs of the world 's poorest people , our generation could free humanity from poverty 's iron grip .
Millions die each year of poverty - lives that could be saved if the poor had access to better health care , nutrition , and other essential needs .
Now , half-a-year later , the balance of responsibility needs to be reconsidered .
The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB , and Malaria was started this year , but rich countries contributed less than one-tenth of the money it needs .
It should begin with the most urgent task - meeting the basic needs of the world 's poorest peoples .
The report agonizes over the fact that for economic security reasons America needs Iraqi oil , but that for military security reasons the US ca n't allow Saddam to develop the oil .
The implication seems clear : the US needs a new Iraqi regime for its energy security .
What it needs is a political settlement , and that will be possible only with the withdrawal of America 's occupying army .
IMF officials deny responsibility for the upheaval , but have failed to provide an honest public appraisal of Bolivia 's urgent financial needs .
What the world needs most in 2004 is a declaration of independence from American willfulness .
The IMF should spend less time telling the poorest of the poor to cut their spending , and more time telling rich countries to give more money to help the poor meet their investment needs .
But Darfur , like Tigre , needs a development strategy to fight hunger and drought even more than it needs peacekeepers .
But the effort needs to start now . As with Europe 's new carbon trading , all producers and consumers around the globe will need to face market incentives to adopt technologies and consumption patterns that slow -LRB- and eventually stop -RRB- the increase of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
First , how do you reach an accommodation with a regime that seemingly needs you as an adversary ?
If not , how can the needs of scientific credibility and public accountability be met ?
For example , a decision needs to be made as to whether the transfers go to each citizen or each household -LRB- a yearly check for each person in the family may have undesirable consequences on fertility as parents have children to collect checks -RRB- .
What the West has most , and what the Arab world most needs , is education .
The WTO is at a crossroads . It sorely needs to liberalize trade progressively .
However , Robert Zoellick , President Bush 's Trade Representative , needs allies .
Beyond these policy actions , Europe also needs to speak with one voice when dealing with monopoly suppliers such as Russia -- or , in the future , with an Iran that might one day become linked to the planned Caspian pipelines .
Europe 's leaders have a duty to tell their peoples what needs to be done to ensure a secure energy future .
If not , we will continue to face a dual tragedy : on one side , the thousands of patients who die each year for want of a kidney ; on the other side , a human-rights disaster in which corrupt brokers deceive indigent donors about the nature of surgery , cheat them out of payment , and ignore their post-surgical needs .
Suppose a $ 500 million petroleum or copper contract needs to be negotiated .
In short , the West needs to pre-empt a resumption of hostilities in Lebanon by seeking unconditional talks between Syria and Israel over the Golan Heights .
We feel responsible , on a global level , for the environment , which is why we disagree with unilateral decisions by individual nations when such decisions ignore the needs of the rest of the world .
Decades later , the European Union still needs the binding power and legitimacy of its constituent nations , as well as of historical regional political structures within those nations , because a common European identity is emerging only slowly and can not yet justify a unitary constitutional structure .
The allies decided to accelerate their efforts to equip NATO with the forces and technologies it needs to perform twenty-first century missions , from the Balkans to Afghanistan .
NATO and its members are already providing the essential security Afghanistan needs in order to make its aspirations for self-sustaining peace and prosperity a reality .
The last thing the country needs is to remain trapped in the past .
The country derives almost 76 % of its energy needs from coal , burning almost 2.2 billion tons of it in 2005 , with consumption set to rise to 2.6 billion tons by 2010 .
Party leaders may not become sufficiently attuned to the needs of China 's people to respond to problems like corruption , environmental degradation , or peasant unrest before crises make them unsolvable .
For its part , Taiwan needs to calm down .
Thus , `` to test or not to test '' is not the first question that needs to be answered .
It also needs to speak with one voice on matters of foreign policy in order to play a more important international role in solving major conflicts and shaping a more peaceful and balanced world order .
Finally , the EU needs to promote social cohesion while adapting Europe 's social model to globalization 's challenges .
In fact , the German political landscape needs nothing more than a truly liberal party , in the US sense of the word `` liberal '' -- a champion of the cause of individual freedom .
So no one in Europe needs to fear that the Czech Republic has some nostalgic or idiosyncratic agenda that it wants to impose on the Union .
To remain relevant , the Bretton Woods institutions must fully adapt to the needs of the world 's rapidly emerging countries , and they can begin that process at this spring 's IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington .
But in the developing world , immediate economic needs often override long-term imperatives , and protecting a fragile environment is rarely a priority at the national level .
This is the kind of progress the world needs if it is to address effectively one of the most pressing issues of our time : providing a healthy , sustainable planet for rich and poor alike .
America needs a post-occupation strategy for Iraq and the Middle East , one grounded in a viable national security strategy for the twenty-first century .
The country needs a new constitution -- one that enshrines genuine democracy .
China 's recent campaign to crackdown on pirating needs to be encouraged , but far more needs to be done .
But it has yet to build a strong defense system that can respond effectively either to regional contingencies or to global needs .
But , to reach the advanced stages of economic growth , a country needs scientific research at home .
In his 1945 book Science , the Endless Frontier , Bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support ; that support should be potentially available to all researchers ; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated .
Insurance companies provide professional , finely detailed risk management that respects the complexity of the dangers to be hedged and responds creatively to individual needs .
This would help reframe public thinking , which is all a government really needs to do .
But that does not mean that Bernanke is prepared to ensure that healthy economic growth continues in the US in the coming years and provide the kind of leadership that the world needs .
Far better , proponents of wage insurance argue , for the training to be carried out by an employer who wants a job done and knows what the employee needs to learn .
Is it all dictated by advertisers and salesmen who are inventing needs ?
If central banks are tightening and long-term rates are n't rising , one needs some explanation .
Including such information on financial products would give an enormous boost to the efficiency and efficacy of our financial products in serving customers ' needs .
When considering today 's concern about Japan 's high public debt-to-GDP ratio , now at 202 % on a gross basis , one needs to reflect that the ratio would most likely be profoundly lower if Japan had in the past financed more of its deficit spending with trills instead of conventional debt , and issued them to investors around the world .
Indeed , self-esteem is one of the most powerful human needs : a view of our own success relative to others provides us with a sense of meaning and well-being .
A more sensible approach is to balance America 's real and pressing security needs in Afghanistan with a more wholesome policy in Central Asia .
When the tool fails , it needs to be replaced .
These are the types of climate change leadership that the world needs .
Second , while Europe has much to offer its North African neighbors in terms of financial support , advice , and training , the region needs to find its own path to freedom and success .
But the ECB needs time to establish its inflation-fighting credentials .
Although there is much that we can and will do to help ourselves , the Horn of Africa can still benefit from international assistance . But the international community needs to do more than provide food and medicine to victims of famine and drought .
At a minimum , we should recognize basic rights in all beings who show intelligence and awareness -LRB- including some level of self-awareness -RRB- and who have emotional and social needs .
Rather , we should question whether , in a world in which 25,000 impoverished children die unnecessarily every day , another concert hall is what the world needs .
Obama needs to make the US a leader in reducing emissions .
They are poor by an absolute standard based on the most basic human needs .
At a symposium in Paris last month entitled `` New World , New Capitalism , '' Sarkozy described capitalism based on financial speculation as `` an immoral system '' that has `` perverted the logic of capitalism . '' He argued that capitalism needs to find new moral values and to accept a stronger role for governments .
Could it even , as Obama suggests , make us more aware of the needs of those who are living in real poverty and are far worse off than we will ever be , financial crisis or no financial crisis ?
Moreover , the degree of confinement in an aquarium is extreme , for no tank , no matter how large , can come close to meeting the needs of animals who spend their lives in social groups swimming long distances in the ocean .
But these are questions that the international community needs to ask , and that the Security Council should have been discussing , so that the principle of the responsibility to protect -- and its possible implications for military action -- become part of our understanding of the requirements of international law and global ethics .
Even if Iranian nuclear weapons are not acceptable to the US , President Barack Obama needs to start talking more openly about what is .
To achieve this leadership position , it needs less than a quarter of US per capita GDP , because its population is more than four times larger .
The problem is not only the premium itself , but the imminent risk that Greece will not be able to find the ¤ 53 billion it needs to service its debt falling due in 2010 , let alone the estimated additional ¤ 30 billion to finance the new debt resulting from its projected budget deficit .
The lesson to be learned from the crisis is that a currency union needs ironclad budget discipline to avert a boom-and-bust cycle in the first place .
This is exactly what Europe needs .
He recognized that there are two kinds of needs , absolute and relative , and that the latter may be insatiable .
But he underestimated the weight of relative needs , especially as societies got richer , and , of course , the power of advertising to create new wants , and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them .
The remedy here is not to break up the banks , but to limit bank loans to this sector -- say , by forcing them to hold a certain proportion of mortgages on their books , and by increasing the capital that needs to be held against loans for commercial real estate .
The question still needs to be asked : are such fears rational ?
Then we would require only a certain amount of work -- much less than we perform now -- to satisfy all reasonable needs .
Moreover , on issues like terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and climate change , the US needs Russian and Chinese help . Stigmatizing Russia and China as pariahs will not get them on board .
Enhancing the role of its Special Drawing Rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- , or supplementing the dollar with another world reserve currency , would help facilitate the financing needs of both deficit and surplus countries .
America undoubtedly needs more allies to bring Iraq 's chaos under control and to build an Iraqi state that is seen as legitimate both by Iraqis and the world .
The EU 's unique , joint civilian-military approach must be further developed to make us yet more flexible . Our capacity to deploy rapid reaction forces also needs strengthening .
But the G-20 remains very much a work in progress -- and one that needs much work to succeed , as its most recent summit in Toronto demonstrated .
Everyone needs to start thinking differently about the Middle East .
Israel also needs to revisit its policies .
We do n't need never-ending bilateral negotiations between Israel and Palestine ; there needs to be a regional solution .
And , if Europe is to become an active global player , rather than a museum , it needs the fresh perspective and energy of the people of Turkey .
In these times , difficult and unpredictable but full of hope , the world needs Turkey and the EU to work together .
It needs to be explained why the euro remains the best protection there is against inflation , the most dangerous social ill of all ; why government stimulus will not work and never actually has delivered sustained growth ; and why a new equilibrium between welfare and economic dynamism -- based on less public debt and more private investment -- must be established .
Will the second Edo be able to resist Chinese ambitions ? `` The New Edo era needs a strong Japanese army , '' admits Inose .
It needs to become a political initiative .
The EU needs to reach out to its less developed neighbors .
Georgia itself needs all the help it can get , which requires an emergency action plan different from the others .
What this means in principle can be stated concisely : the EU needs a common foreign policy .
That is the one part of the European constitution that urgently needs to be rescued .
In addition , the public needs to be inoculated against the various techniques of deception .
Something also needs to be done on the supply side .
That process needs to be initiated by the US , but China and other developing countries ought to participate as equals .
What is lacking , however , is a general recognition that the system is broken and needs to be reinvented .
China 's leadership needs to be even more far-sighted than Obama is .
The treasury need not be used to tax citizens on an everyday basis , but it needs to be available in times of crisis .
The most effective solution would be to issue jointly and separately guaranteed eurobonds to refinance , say , 75 % of the maturing debt , as long as Greece meets its agreed-upon targets , leaving Greece to finance the rest of its needs as best it can .
The US needs fiscal stimulus to enhance competitiveness , rather than so-called `` quantitative easing '' in monetary policy , which puts upward pressure on all currencies other than the renminbi .
This makes the cost of reducing carbon emissions much larger than it needs to be .
The US economy needs higher productivity , but US corporations , which are operating very profitably , are accumulating cash instead of investing it -- with quantitative easing aimed at heading off deflation .
In China , by contrast , bank lending needs to be reigned in , but regulatory efforts have been hindered by off-balance-sheet financing and the development of an informal quasi-banking sector .
The country is rich in mineral resources that China needs , but it is the US that spends $ 10 billion a month occupying a country whose annual GDP is only $ 15 billion .
The leadership is preoccupied with taking care of the needs of its own people , many of whom still live in poverty .
But the Chinese leadership declined the offer , explaining that China is a developing country that can hardly meet its own people 's needs .
And , while some contagion will be unavoidable -- whatever happens to Greece is likely to spread to Portugal , and Ireland 's financial position , too , could become unsustainable -- the rest of the eurozone needs to be ring-fenced .
The European elite needs to revert to the principles that guided the Union 's creation , recognizing that our understanding of reality is inherently imperfect , and that perceptions are bound to be biased and institutions flawed .
All agree that Greece needs an orderly restructuring , because a disorderly default could cause a eurozone meltdown .
The banking system needs to be guaranteed first , and recapitalized later .
Governments could meet their financing needs within agreed limits at very low cost during this emergency period , and the ECB would not violate Article 123 of the Lisbon Treaty .
Adoption of a common set of advanced accounting principles will remove a key obstacle to meaningful comparison of European listed companies ' profitability , although more needs to be done to achieve common standards of enforcement , as recent corporate scandals show .
That would enable effective enforcement of fiscal discipline at the national level and provide the euro with the fiscal discipline it needs to survive .
If systemic risk can cause this kind of cascading sequential imbalance , then the `` sovereign '' needs to be alert , competent at identifying rising systemic risk , and able to take corrective action early .
The system needs circuit-breakers in the form of loans and capital flows that dampen the volatility and maintain access to financing across the system .
A program that meets the needs of the more vulnerable countries is under construction .
The global economy needs the surplus countries to sustain growth and reduce excess savings -- no easy task .
It also needs deficit countries -LRB- and the advanced countries more generally -RRB- to develop and enact credible growth strategies that involve structural change as well as fiscal stabilization .
But , to perform this function , it needs a knowledgeable , credible , and effective secretariat .
To accommodate the needs of the emerging economies , as well as the interests of advanced countries , a new system will be needed , in which exchange rates are managed but adjusted according to criteria that balance domestic growth and global stability .
But Obama needs to take the lead in redirecting a highly polarized political environment engaged in a debate about the appropriate role and size of government toward a more pragmatic , results-oriented agenda .
America needs to expand its share in external global demand , which requires public-sector investment , structural change , and improved competitiveness in the tradable sector .
In the longer run , that gap needs to be filled by higher foreign demand and increased export potential .
Openness needs protecting and the best way to protect it is to manage the areas of growing interdependence effectively , pragmatically and inclusively .
The financial sector must be developed in order to create more savings options and supply credit and equity capital efficiently to new and growing businesses , which China needs in order to attract the rural population to cities -LRB- even as export sectors move up the skill and value-added hierarchy -RRB- .
The portion that falls short needs to be redirected to higher-return investments in either the public or private sector , to household income , or to essential public services and social insurance .
Designing that system will be an important part of achieving the high-return investment and expanded consumption that Chinese leaders want -- and that China 's economy needs .
The emergence of sustainability as a critical element in growth strategies in the worlds ' future largest economies is an extraordinarily positive development , because national needs , goals , and priorities remain much more powerful incentives than international agreements .
China needs to balance these domestic and international priorities , but it has very little historical experience to guide it .
But , most important , rapid growth of the domestic market , especially the service sector , needs to largely replace the export sector as the employment engine pulling the rural population into the modern economy .
A big portion of these two income streams -LRB- corporate and government -RRB- needs to be redirected to the household sector .
That restructuring will occur , deficit spending or no deficit spending . So policy needs to acknowledge the fact that there are limits to how fast this restructuring can be accomplished .
Today , we must also continue forming and correcting the EU to maximize its ability to reflect the needs of its inhabitants in an ever-changing world .
But the world needs to look beyond even these issues .
Finally , adequate representation and the right of each member to have a say in the Fund is a prerequisite of the legitimacy that the IMF needs to fulfill its global role .
Reading the press of late , you might conclude that all Harmid Karzai , Afghanistan 's chief , needs to pacify his country is an expanded international peacekeeping presence and faster delivery of aid .
A year later , with the Fed not having moved aggressively enough for him , Krugman divined that `` it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment .
And to do that -LRB- it -RRB- needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble . ''
At this year 's World Economic Forum , within the G-8 , and elsewhere , the consensus that something needs to be done has been as clear and as it is welcome .
Is this the type of secularism that needs to be perpetuated by the Chief Prosecutor 's not so-soft constitutional coup ?
The world needs to rethink the sources of growth .
The financiers , however , will argue for caution : let 's see how the economy does , and if it needs more money , we can give it .
The agreement was remarkable : in providing what in many ways was a clearer articulation of the crisis and what needs to be done than that offered by the G-20 , the UN showed that decision-making need n't be restricted to a self-selected club , lacking political legitimacy , and largely dominated by those who had considerable responsibility for the crisis in the first place .
Just as a firm needs to measure the depreciation of its capital , so , too , our national accounts need to reflect the depletion of natural resources and the degradation of our environment .
Some argue that China needs to adjust its exchange rate to prevent inflation or bubbles .
China recognizes that its currency needs to appreciate over the long run , and politicizing the speed at which it does so has been counterproductive .
But Germany -LRB- and its Constitutional Court -RRB- , partly following popular opinion , has opposed giving Greece the help that it needs .
Banks that wreaked havoc on the global economy have resisted doing what needs to be done .
It is an economy with huge unmet needs and yet vast idle resources .
Distorted interest rates , official guarantees , and tax subsidies encourage continued investment in real estate , when what the economy needs is investment in , say , technology and clean energy .
As the IMF now recognizes , there needs to be some form of an international arbiter .
There needs to be a new way of dealing with crises .
So America needs a `` homeowners ' Chapter 11 . ''
The ultimate irony is that there are simultaneously excess capacity and vast unmet needs -- and policies that could restore growth by using the former to address the latter .
For its part , the international community , which so often has propped up authoritarian regimes in the name of stability -LRB- or on the principle that `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' -RRB- has a clear responsibility to provide whatever assistance Tunisia needs in the coming months and years .
This debt almost surely needs to be restructured , but , having allowed the banks to leverage themselves beyond any level of prudence and load up on toxic derivatives , the ECB is now warning against any sort of restructuring or write-down .
Now the ECB needs to think about how to help everyone , not just the bankers who bought the bonds .
If the US needs to worry about unemployment with an unemployment rate of less than 6 % , what is a poor country with unemployment at 10 % or 20 % to say ?
To understand what needs to be done , we have to understand the economy 's problems before the crisis hit .
Around the world , we have underutilized resources -- people who want to work , machines that lie idle , buildings that are empty -- and huge unmet needs : fighting poverty , promoting development , and retrofitting the economy for global warming , to name just a few .
I think this is a risky strategy ; if a strong US recovery is not around the corner , then Europe needs to act on its own , using the standard counter-cyclical tools of monetary and fiscal policy .
It is a weakness that -LRB- unlike in America -RRB- also carries a broad consensus : most agree that it needs to be addressed , and that government has the obligation to do so .
What the economy needs is reactivation , and government policies must focus on this task .
Some even suggest that capitalism needs wars , that without them , recession would always lurk on the horizon .
Similarly , some argue that the country needs a mild dose of inflation , while Japan 's central bank continues to resist the very idea that inflation could ameliorate any economic problem .
For example , if economic growth in the center were strong but smaller countries were showing weaknesses , monetary policy would be determined by the needs of the center .
The ECB is unlikely to pay serious attention to Sweden 's specific needs , so Sweden will probably not be given the wiggle room granted its larger neighbors .
Before addressing what needs to be done , let me first say bravo for the debt relief provided at last year 's G-7 meeting .
So a third issue needs to be tackled : democratize the IMF and World Bank .
For this reason , coming to terms with the illegitimate privatizations of the 1990 's , which are at the root of wealth inequality in Russia , is something that still needs to be done -- and not only as a matter of justice ; it is important for the long-term performance of Russia 's economy .
Europe needs structural reforms , but such reforms alone will not end the Continent 's malaise , and some measures - those that weaken employment protection or the social safety net - may come at a high price , especially for people at the bottom .
An interconnected world needs cooperation and collective action .
The inevitable result has been the IMF 's inability to manage crises , incomprehension of the needs of transition economies , and a failure to promote development .
The IMF needs a new paradigm , not a warmed-over embodiment of a stale and repugnant ideology .
But the UN needs to be strengthened , by , for example , funding a permanent peacekeeping force .
Europe continues to be a mixed picture , with the European Central Bank almost perversely raising interest rates even as Europe 's economy needs further stimulation to ensure its recovery .
Though crocodile tears may be shed all around , the extent of disappointment needs to be calibrated : Pascal Lamy , the head of the World Trade Organization , had long worked to diminish expectations , so much so that it was clear that whatever emerged would bring , at most , limited benefits to poor countries .
Just as there is no `` one size fits all '' policy for economic development , there is no such policy for fighting corruption . The response to corruption needs to be as complex and variegated as corruption itself .
There needs to be a new `` coalition of the willing , '' this time perhaps led by Europe -- and this time directed at a real danger .
It would be part of the portfolio of methods for encouraging and supporting research . A prize fund would work well in areas in which needs are well known -- the case for many diseases afflicting the poor -- allowing clear goals to be set in advance .
For innovations that solve problems or meet needs that have not previously been widely recognized , the patent system would still play a role .
But this is a peculiar arrangement : a relatively poor country is helping to finance America 's War on Iraq , as well as a massive tax cut for the richest people in the world 's richest country , while huge needs at home imply ample room for expansion of both consumption and investment .
In addition , some of the billions spent to subsidize Western farmers should now be spent to help poorer developing countries meet their basic food and energy needs .
The Tanzania conference will allow us to assess what we have learned from past successes , as well as what needs to change in the future .
The IMF 's Lending Overhaul The International Monetary Fund should be an essential port of call for emerging-market and developing countries facing financing needs .
Now and in the future , the world needs the IMF to respond flexibly and effectively to its members ' needs .
Normal limits on access to IMF resources are being doubled -- a development consistent with the growing consensus that the Fund 's lending capacity needs to be at least doubled given the severity of this crisis .
Monetary policy needs to look beyond its core focus on low and stable inflation and pay much greater attention to financial stability .
Such an approach needs to be complemented by appropriate industrial investment and technology policies , and by inclusive financial facilities designed to support them .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
From my perspective at the OSCE , it is clear that far more needs to be done :
Most of Europe , for example , needs better crime prevention and a serious effort at cracking down on illegal immigration .
Working life needs to be lengthened , public pensions are often too generous , labor markets too rigid .
Overhauling Europe 's shaky supply-side foundations is the key challenge facing the euro revolution , and it is a challenge that needs to be addressed at its national-level roots .
But , despite the grim parallel , Japan 's government does not seem to think that it needs to take the problem seriously .
While reducing this gap to 3 % of GDP has led to higher prices , this is exactly what Japan needs after years of persistent deflation .
Japan has relied entirely on the US for its security needs for over fifty years and the Japanese government essentially believes that it has no option but to agree with the US or to keep silent .
But Japan urgently needs such a debate if it is to respond to a world exposed to the threat of terrorism and gripped by fear .
But Putin needs to be convinced to take the lead . His hope for better relations with Japan gives Japan 's leaders leeway to nudge him in this direction .
But it is Kazakhstan 's strong secular tradition , inherited from its Soviet past , and a very large European Christian minority -LRB- approximately 40 % of its 15.2 million people -RRB- that make it a society that the West needs to encourage , given the Islamic arc of instability upon which it sits .
In Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , Bangladesh now has a charismatic leader whose massive electoral mandate augurs well for creating the type of strong , secular government that the country needs .
Bangladesh needs only to look west to India and Pakistan to see the threat posed by Islamist terrorism .
Bangladesh is a country rich with human potential , but that potential can only be realized by making poor people 's needs -- which Islamists around the world have previously made their own political territory -- the new government 's top priority .
The EU needs to tell Iran that unless it releases the British hostages and moderates its nuclear ambitions , it will receive no export guarantees .
Rather than debate with her counterparts , Clinton needs to ensure that other countries in the six-party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
A moral but pragmatic community needs to be constructed , with all in agreement on how to deal with Myanmar .
Starting with Japan , Obama needs to ensure a good working relationship with Yukio Hatoyama , the new premier .
On the other hand , the incentives for success are not great ; the years of sacrifice and effort it takes to become a world-class athlete are simply not a realistic option to an Indian who needs to make a living , and sponsors are few and far between -LRB- and they are all spending their sponsorship money on cricket -RRB- .
In a coalition-dependent parliamentary system , that could be all she needs to become prime minister .
India clearly has the basic systems it needs to operate a twenty-first-century economy in an open and globalizing world .
Indeed , by striking hotels favored by foreign businessmen and visitors , they undermined the confidence of those whom India needs to sustain its success story .
This includes four specific targets : `` an open , rule-based , predictable , non-discriminatory trading and financial system '' ; special attention to the needs of least-developed countries ; help for landlocked developing countries and small island states ; and national and international measures to deal with developing countries ' debt problems .
By and large , India is strong in areas in which China needs to improve , notably software , while China excels at hardware and manufacturing , which India sorely lacks .
To prevent this , the eurozone needs a `` risk-free '' interest rate .
But the region 's financial sector remains under stress , and a protracted adjustment process still lies ahead in response to rising levels of non-performing loans and banks ' recapitalization needs .
The paradox is that a US in crisis now needs Latin America more than ever .
To be sure , absentee farming by elites and educated urban workers ca n't solve all of Africa 's urgent food needs .
Sometimes what Africa needs is more common sense and people who - unlike African 's powerful `` Big Men '' - are willing to set aside their pride and ask simple questions that others do n't want to face .
Its financial support is limited to a percentage of members ' quotas , which do not reflect their potential borrowing needs .
What it needs is to institutionalize that freedom by building a modern state to replace the antiquated tsarist system .
It also needs a modern civil society to consolidate its multi-ethnic post-imperial population .
But Russia 's government still needs to set up a transparent and accountable structure to manage its sovereign wealth .
It probably still needs to fall another 10 % .
It is also appropriate for an economy where goods and services fulfill people 's needs and where products compete on their technical or functional features .
Instead of investing in weapons of mass annihilation , governments must allocate resources towards meeting human needs .
Ukraine needs and is ready for such a sign .
By placing Ukraine 's energy needs in the hands of a shadowy company linked to international criminals , the agreement has planted the seeds of new and perhaps more dangerous crises .
Ukraine 's energy needs , and thus the certainty of energy supplies across Europe , will never be secure as long as gas transit is in the hands of secretive companies with unknown owners .
Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless ; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin ; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars ; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that can not meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine 's people .
It is so much easier -- and often less costly -- to avoid individuals ' tragic circumstances than it is to adjust your policies to their needs .
A country equipped to join the EU is a country equipped to make its way in the world peacefully , if it chooses to do so . Europe needs such countries on its border .
It will try to erode our support by infiltrating our protests with loyalists who will carry the virus of defeatism , and it will seek to outflank us by appealing to ordinary , hard-working Ukrainians , worried about feeding and clothing their children , that a tottering economy needs stability to be saved .
In 2006 alone , China added about 93,000 megawatts of coal - fired electricity generating capacity , and this trend is expected to continue as the country tries to meet its huge energy needs .
But schools must be able to meet the needs and abilities of individual children in a way that makes learning a stimulating adventure .
As it did during Ukraine 's Orange Revolution in 2004 , Europe needs to show that it stands for democracy , not merely for stability .
If the G-20 wants to play a major role in the post-crisis global decision-making process , the issue of legitimacy vis-à-vis the smaller emerging countries needs to be addressed now .
Instead , it needs to invest in the region 's human capital and share Indian know-how .
India 's government needs to carefully watch how its companies and others rise to this challenge .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
Post-election talk abounds about higher wealth taxes , business taxes , and an increase in value-added tax -- precisely the opposite of what Germany 's economy needs .
One freedom-related suggestion is that the US needs stricter laws that keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill .
The US also needs more accessible mental-health services .
Open Education promises to provide children with learning materials tailored to their individual needs , in contrast to today 's `` off the rack '' materials , together with quicker feedback loops that match learning outcomes more directly with content development and improvement .
Outsiders are increasingly convinced that China is a superpower , and that it needs to show that it can be a responsible one . But China 's rulers only sometimes embrace the designation -- and the Party still sometimes behaves as if it had only a tenuous hold on power .
First , there needs to be a level playing field within the EU .
An efficient European financial market also needs centralization of supervisory competences .
Germany needs three or four big banks to take their place among Europe 's market leaders and be at the forefront of the consolidation process .
The world needs them and their diplomatic baggage more than ever .
For example , northern Afghanistan has unexplored reserves of oil and natural gas that could help meet China 's energy needs .
To assist them in their tasks , and to assure that the great global issues of the day are addressed in a forum that unites and does not divide , the UN needs to be strengthened in the fields in which NGO 's are working so impressively .
Far more needs to be done .
This is the message that Egypt needs to grasp and embrace .
But a continuing imbalance and selectivity in the emphasis placed by different states on the Treaty 's three pillars damages the unity that the NPT regime needs .
One priority should be the development of an appropriate mechanism for ensuring that revenues from the sale of natural gas are properly accounted for , repatriated , and allocated to meet urgent national needs .
The US needs to position itself to respond effectively and flexibly to the twists and turns that a potential transition in Burma may take over time , with an eye toward pressing the Burmese leadership to move in positive directions .
Who needs to read closely , seek evidence , and make a reasoned argument -- skills that the study of poetry , the novel , history , and philosophy provide ?
Who needs to study languages and comparative literature ?
We are told that in a `` knowledge economy , '' a country needs ever more graduates and formal qualifications to stay competitive .
So , while any developed country obviously needs an educated population , the idea that having the most education will get you the most prosperity is a chimera .
What needs to be done ?
Greater awareness of their shared problems should bring greater activism toward developing programs that meet the needs of youth .
The true development needs of Laggard countries and other parts of the world are not being met , despite the rhetoric of scaling up aid .
Oil urgently needs to suffer a similar fate .
It needs to deliver price stability in the long run while being flexible enough in the short run to deal with business cycles .
Reform fatigue implies that Central and Eastern Europe needs a respite to catch its breath .
China has no other choice but to pursue sustainable development in order to meet the basic needs of its people and to eradicate poverty .
But the old rule of force and intrigue by which other Gulf rulers have been deposed has been replaced by a modern principle -- the Al Sabah have surrendered their exclusive control over the succession to the will of Parliament , which alone could provide the legitimacy that the new Emir needs .
To avoid this fate , the EU 's commitment in Lebanon needs to be supplemented with a nuanced political strategy that seeks to avoid isolating Lebanon 's long suppressed Shia population .
Having begun , ever so carefully , to politically open his country , the King knows that he needs regional peace and a lowering of Islamic holy rage .
The problem is that Abdullah can not rely on his domestic conservative allies to give him the time that the Kingdom needs .
Now that the US has eradicated Bin Laden 's physical presence , it needs to stop delaying the rest of the therapeutic process .
So this truce must be seen not as a piece of paper with some legal significance , but as a young plant that needs to be tended to , watered , nursed , and protected , so that it grows into a strong and robust tree that can not be uprooted with an occasional Qassam rocket or a stray grenade .
By the fact that he believes and has confidence in you , cares about your true needs , and honestly tells you your mistakes , which he tries to help you correct .
Israel has invested great financial resources in the settlements , often ignoring important needs in Israel proper .
A debt buyback is something of a Catch 22 : to succeed in inducing a haircut , it needs to profit from the default fears that it intends to alleviate .
As North Korea grooms a new leader , the world needs to groom a new policy for North Korea .
China thus needs to preserve the value of its savings .
Africa needs to do its share .
It needs to promote production and trade , expand agribusiness and agro-industries , and create wealth and new jobs .
That 's why we need to keep an eye on the figures and keep reminding world leaders of the needs of those in the developing world that live in their shadow .
Instead of more Madonnas , who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child 's life , Africa needs more Nkhomas : passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children .
Some influential people , including Schwarzenegger , say the state needs a new constitution that would restrict ballot initiatives and make budgets easier to pass .
In this regard , at the Copenhagen summit developed countries committed themselves to the goal of jointly mobilizing $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries . These funds would be transferred to developing countries in the context of meaningful -- and transparently implemented -- mitigation measures taken on their behalf .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Pressure for revaluation stems , therefore , not from the real needs of China economy , but from large imbalances in the United States , particularly its long-standing trade deficit , which exceeds 5 % of GDP .
Rather than scaring global corporations and their home states , China would retain strong political support abroad -- and the financing that it needs for its continued development .
There is no doubt that China needs its financial sector to develop soundly in order to ensure sustained economic growth .
What China needs most is a financial sector capable of harnessing the forces of liberalization and globalization to drive economic growth in the decades ahead .
It needs to draw together existing international institutions , with their expertise and resources , to reform them when necessary , and encourage effective cooperation and common action .
It needs to draw its strength -- and legitimacy -- from both broader participation and by achieving results .
