The Hidden Purposes of High Finance BERKELEY -- No one questions the usefulness of `` low '' finance : the ability to use checks , banknotes , and credit cards rather than having to cart around chests of silver , scales , and reagents to assay purity , and needing armed guards to protect the silver -- and more guards to watch the first set of guards -- has obvious efficiencies .
Instead of needing food assistance , many of the farm families were able to cope with the harsh weather and look forward to a harvest .
Clear price signals , including carbon pricing , are crucial , and many non-OECD countries , in addition to needing financial support to help reduce their greenhouse gas emissions , can benefit from the removal of fuel subsidies .
As a result , emerging-market countries , aiming to ensure that they avoid needing financial support from the IMF in the foreseeable future , are increasingly following China 's lead and trying to ensure that they , too , run current-account surpluses .
Natural selection as a theory becomes a proposition in play , needing much more work .
Maybe this behavior is attributable to the imminent leadership change , with an aggressive faction in the Communist Party Politburo and Central Committee needing to be mollified .
Annual profits have since risen to £ 190 million , but 6,000 workers have been laid off and both costs and waiting times for AA members needing its vehicle repair and recovery services have increased .
Developing nations grudgingly took its advice , while advanced nations , not needing the money , ignored it .
After the company needing currency-risk protection makes its euro-dollar trade with a bank , each of them turns its side of the trade over to the clearinghouse .
Labor , by contrast , argues that immediate spending cuts would wreck the recovery -- that the hole in the economy , not the government budget deficit , is the problem needing most attention .
Already , the controversy over Tunisian migrants in Italy has started to fray the political underpinnings that allow free movement in the Schengen area . The war in Libya , meanwhile , could lead to many more thousands of civilians fleeing the violence and needing international protection .
Mild depression can result in brooding on negative aspects of self or others , feeling resentful , irritable or angry much of the time , feeling sorry for oneself , and needing constant reassurance from someone .
