Whether or not the government was involved , the fact remains that Pakistan has lost a desperately needed leader .
The Afghan Taliban , removed from power and routed from the country by the end of 2001 , needed only a few years to revive itself , owing to the failure of the Afghan government and its international backers to rebuild and stabilize the country .
The point is to allow for some debate to take place in the hope of producing the sorely needed vision of change .
There are new ways of directing aid to where it is most needed .
A comprehensive response to AIDS , TB and malaria is needed .
Of course , this will depress real wages and consumption , because the rise in peso revenues will be used instead to finance the investment needed to expand the export sector .
Why is it so difficult to implement the deregulation needed to make an economy more competitive ?
An analogous `` all or nothing '' procedure was used in the US in the 1980s to close unneeded military bases .
In turn , the high tax rates needed to support the old discourage the young from working , creating a vicious cycle : ever increasing tax rates on a disappearing labor force , lower growth rates , and fewer resources available to support those that retire at 60 and live into their 90 's .
But with fewer children , higher tax rates are needed to support the growing army of the old .
At the same time , a recent `` white paper '' produced by a working group headed by the IMF 's former boss , Michel Camdessus , which was charged with proposing the type of structural reforms needed to achieve growth , was received with the usual outcry from trade unions .
So more aid is needed , and more debt forgiveness , because the world 's rich become rich only at the expense of the world 's poor .
Unfortunately , in most cases the poorest countries , where aid is most needed , are also the most corrupt .
A second danger arises from the fact that , by liberalizing trade for only a few economically successful industries , open sectoralism weakens , rather than strengthens , the broad political support needed for the comprehensive global trade agreements that benefit most businesses , consumers , and countries .
The US Defense Department justifies this change as part of the so-called `` Global Posture Review '' that it has been carrying out to provide more flexibility and mobility in deploying troops to more urgently needed places around the world .
Finally , significant assistance and investment in research and development from wealthy countries is needed , so that free TB treatment is truly available and accessible to all .
One wonders what would have happened if Luzhkov needed to face re-election -LRB- his term expires in October 2011 -RRB- .
Thus , a new social contract is needed , especially as a new , post-Soviet generation of Russians has entered political life -- a generation that has not been poisoned by the fear that decades of state terror in the USSR implanted in their forebears .
Yet , taken together , the EU countries possess a considerable array of assets , including the military capability needed to conduct decisive operations .
This is as much a matter of principle as of cold , strategic calculation , and it is here where the ESDP has much to offer : a long-term view , supported by a powerful economy with the assets needed to carry out humanitarian operations , conflict prevention , crisis management , and security support .
Both the ad hoc and the global public-goods schools shy away from this question , and yet without at least some working answer , we will lack the compass needed to navigate our increasing global interdependence .
But most lack the funds , equipment , and qualified personnel needed to provide basic care for cancer patients .
Here a serious reassessment of our negotiating tactics and old habits is needed .
What is needed is a root and branch transformation of the way that economic activity is carried out in all Arab nations .
For developing countries , this source of income can be substantial over several decades , and is needed by governments for investment in infrastructure , health care , education , etc. .
Progress is needed on emission-reduction targets and on sharing knowledge and technology more widely .
In the course of the next eight and a half years , her administration imported much more rice than was needed , resulting in 177 billion pesos in debt by the time she stepped down .
Investment has been coming in , but more is needed .
So , to the three pillars of Lula 's success -- economic growth , wealth redistribution , and democracy -- two more are now needed : education and innovation to consolidate Brazil 's economic growth and ensure higher-quality institutions .
Arab authoritarian regimes , unlike others that have given way to democracy , are incapable of self-reform ; they have , however , mastered the tactics needed to prolong the life spans of their aging despotisms .
Participants emphasized that changes would be needed in multiple areas , including improving the system of taxation and social insurance , further developing housing and the service economy , and eliminating a range of relative price distortions .
One key idea was to lighten the tax burden on labor . Taking into account the personal-income tax and various social contributions , taxation of labor income in China is too high . To be sure , taxes are needed to finance social spending , but revenue sources other than taxes on labor income could do the job .
Distortions in the real-estate market are a powerful motivation for saving , particularly among young people who struggle to meet the high down-payment needed to buy a first home .
In addition , a comprehensive nationwide housing policy is urgently needed to ensure that housing remains affordable , particularly for those on limited incomes .
More open information flows and fewer KGB appointees are needed .
For the first time , a country in the region is matching its aspirations with the concrete steps needed to become a viable candidate for eventual membership in Euro-Atlantic institutions .
Resolving these semi-dormant wars requires stepped-up political involvement , economic engagement , and a willingness to provide Western peacekeeping forces and monitors if and when they are needed .
But the long-term peace and stability needed to advance economic and political reform in the region will also require either a change in Russian behavior or a reduction in Russian influence .
In Syria , a Libyan-style military intervention is not warranted , but diplomatic intervention is needed to allow the country 's people to determine its future .
Far from burdening an already over-stressed , over-stretched global economy , environmental investments are exactly what is needed to get people back to work , get order books flowing , and assist in powering economies back to health .
Spent wisely , however , these stimulus packages could trigger far-reaching and transformational trends , setting the stage for a more sustainable , urgently needed Green Economy for the twenty-first century .
The point is simply that there are moments in history when democratization and nation building coincide , and that in deeply divided societies the minimum consensus needed for both to succeed simultaneously is difficult to achieve .
Creative and innovative thinking is needed about Iraq ; otherwise today 's mayhem will continue -- and worsen .
The assassination of the President of Iraq 's Governing Council makes it crystal clear that the US is failing to create the minimal law-and-order needed for any sort of orderly transfer of power to take place by June 30th .
By contrast , the besieged Jewish community , under David Ben-Gurion and the Jewish self-defense force -LRB- the Hagannah -RRB- was able to mobilize , through its democratic institutions and with only marginal dissent , the resources needed for a successful military campaign .
A fundamental change of paradigm is needed : the effort should shift to building a Palestinian state from the bottom up , for which there are encouraging signs , even in the midst of the failure of the top-down process .
But Netanyahu has said that once negotiations start , `` we will surprise everyone , '' and the Palestinians have gone further than ever before in building the institutions needed for national independence .
In Libya , if Qaddafi falls , can such a highly tribalized country possess the building blocks needed for a functioning democracy ?
At the outset , it must be stressed that , in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed .
Many governments waste good economic times by postponing the reforms needed to build a prosperous future .
Together , Europeans must find what connects them , and derive new enthusiasm , new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today . No country can address these issues along .
Governments , too , should collaborate with their developing-country counterparts to provide much-needed leadership in the climate-change debate .
The same is true of the Party 's relationship with the peasants , who provided Mao Zedong with the soldiers and supplies he needed in battles that lasted decades .
The money needed to launch an LEU bank is in place , thanks primarily to a non-governmental organization -- the Nuclear Threat Initiative -- and initial funding from Warren Buffett . But this can only be a first step .
So more government spending is needed to maintain public services at the same level - and to keep unemployment down .
And , though the two councils are certainly staffed by people with the technical credentials needed to manage the economy , few members have any real political skills or experience overseeing bureaucratic bodies .
Faced with the erratic nature of agricultural markets , regulation is needed to soften the impact on poorer countries of volatile food prices .
This meeting in Rome from November 16-18 provides badly needed political momentum to three linked issues that rank among the most challenging of the current era : food security , biodiversity , and climate change .
At the recent G-8 summit in L'Aquila , Italy , we made a firm commitment `` to act with the scale and urgency needed to achieve global food security , '' and we collectively pledged $ 20 billion over three years .
Thus , in the US , corporate influence makes it difficult to obtain long-needed reforms that would eliminate barriers to takeovers and remove legal impediments to the ability of shareholders to replace company directors .
What is needed is an effective mechanism for rating the raters .
This decision followed the banks having passed the so-called `` stress tests '' of their financial viability , which the US Treasury demanded , and the success of some of them in raising the additional capital that the tests suggested they needed .
So , if serious reforms are to be implemented , strong and persistent public pressure will be needed .
Again , such concerns would have been better addressed in different ways -- in particular , by providing institutions that needed capital with funds directly , and in return for securities .
Management then began to quietly spread word that the paper needed people able to `` negotiate '' with the sensibilities of the Communist Party .
Yet more resources and new instruments will be needed .
For non-EU countries , like Turkey and Ukraine , innovative ideas are also urgently needed .
Sadat 's spectacular leap into the future needed to be met by Israel 's prime minister , Menachem Begin , at almost every juncture down a tortuous road to peace .
But their success , so urgently needed to save the region from the politics of Doomsday , will have to wait for a new US administration to inject into them the necessary balance of realism and idealism , military power tempered by a genuine commitment to diplomacy .
As the launch of the peace process at the 1991 Madrid International Peace Conference demonstrated , the prospects for peace in the Middle East always needed a concerted international push to exploit windows of opportunity .
So a concerted effort is needed by outside powers such as the US and Russia , not to act as spoilers of each other 's policies in the region , but to create a WMD-free zone .
What is most needed now is to build an international consensus on a strategy to implement fully the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement -LRB- CPA -RRB- for Sudan .
Only the United States appears to be committed to creating the conditions needed to implement the CPA .
International law and the indictment of war criminals are important for a civilized world order , but they are no substitute for active financial and political engagement to support an internationally legitimate , and urgently needed , peace accord such as the CPA in Sudan .
Begin was the best proof that Israel 's critics needed that the Zionist revolution , although it created a state out of the ashes of the Holocaust , had failed to eradicate the collective self-image of the Jew and the Israeli as victim .
But how much leverage can he apply when they are so badly needed for his `` War on Terror '' and for containing Iran ?
Nothing less than a full-fledged peace agreement that meets the fundamental aspirations of Palestinian nationalism is likely to give him the popular legitimacy needed to confront the radicals .
Nevertheless , this move appeared to be all that was needed for Islam-minded voters to return to the fold of the ruling front .
But the new European watchdogs are likely to fall far short of what is needed .
Moreover , significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some Central European and Baltic countries , particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency , transport , and the financial sector , where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening , financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved , and local capital markets must be developed .
Equally important , they will create the buffers needed to offset external shocks and , as in emerging Asia and Latin America , to implement countercyclical policies that contain the extent and costs of future systemic crises .
Yet , despite valiant attempts by the new European Banking Authority to mandate and coordinate the measures that are needed , a European solution must take account of the network of foreign subsidiaries across Europe .
A new pact to secure the achievements of financial integration is now urgently needed .
So a surprise conclusion in the manner of Madrid will only make matters worse , because careful preparations will be needed to contain the damage , and too much time will be lost if everything is put off until the meeting in Prague .
Efforts to contain the damage caused by postponement will likely be far more demanding than any effort needed to ease tension after enlargement is announced .
BERLIN : Chancellor Schröder 's government coalition barely scraped through Germany 's Bundestag to secure the support it needed to dispatch German soldiers to help in the campaign against international terrorism .
He even got a Labor Chancellor of the Exchequer , James Callaghan , to introduce in 1966 a Selective Employment Tax , which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures -- a measure that was reversed in 1973 , once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry , which generated badly needed foreign exchange .
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70 % of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas : increasing energy efficiency , reducing deforestation , and use of lower-carbon energy sources , including nuclear and renewables .
While cap-and-trade systems or other means of pricing carbon emissions can help provide incentives for businesses to invest in low-carbon solutions , in the short term at least , these seven policy measures -- and direct action and investment by governments -- are needed to achieve the targets .
But risks to the world 's economic outlook have risen , and stepped-up policy actions are needed to keep the global economy on track .
A more robust global financial system is urgently needed .
Moreover , the Commission has already worked to harmonize the assumptions needed to forecast public pension outlays and achieve cross-country comparability .
What is needed is a `` World Organization of Democracies , '' devoted to promoting the original values of the UN , including democracy , the rule of law , and respect for human rights .
The main threat to the euro is precisely the eurozone 's lack of a modicum of political unity -- a Federation Lite that makes solidarity possible , and even automatic , when it is needed .
Whether citizens will support politicians who propose the labor , tax , and other reforms needed to enhance mobility , and whether such reforms will be sufficient to overcome linguistic and cultural barriers , are open questions .
What is needed are constraints on fiscal policy by each country , not a supranational fiscal authority .
Huge investments -- worth trillions of euros -- will be needed to meet global energy requirements .
So a new phase in international environmental cooperation is needed , with China 's active contribution .
A structured dialogue -- including the private sector , which is so intimately involved in China 's development -- is needed on energy , sustainable development , and the environment .
So a European Islam is needed urgently .
Under Obasanjo , Soludo initiated much needed banking reforms and argued strenuously that Nigeria should pay its foreign debt .
But Obasanjo 's adversaries have joined the battle , and the president lacks the two-thirds majority needed in both the federal and state legislatures to remain in power after next year .
The American and British governments , increasingly unpopular at home , desperately needed some tangible evidence of progress to assuage their domestic critics and to begin to speak openly of an exit strategy .
The changes are badly needed .
Moreover , this struggle with the US rallies much-needed domestic support .
The Bush administration can therefore enthusiastically back a return to civilian rule and claim a much-needed victory for democracy in a Muslim country .
What was needed was an organism with a rapid growth rate , like bacteria .
Although this represents a small fraction of the effort needed from industrialized countries to fulfill the Kyoto Protocol 's goals by 2012 , it would help significantly in improving forest and land use in Africa .
Moreover , continued internal disunity continues to thwart reconstruction efforts in Gaza , which are urgently needed in the aftermath of Israel 's military offensive earlier this year .
Instead of closing doors , such a redefinition of the statehood bid at the UN would provide the Palestinian leadership with a much-needed symbolic success , including a framework from which to restart negotiations -- a longstanding Palestinian demand .
With alternatives to the status quo constrained , it has become clear that Israel is in a long transitional period in which old ideas do n't work and a new approach is needed .
Stalin 's empire needed no foreign classical orchestras .
China no longer needed the Stones , either .
-LRB- Sometimes football history gets mixed up with `` real '' history ; the defeat of a superior Dutch team by Germany in the World Cup final of 1974 also needed to be redressed . -RRB-
What was needed was a bloody-minded romantic hero , willing to gamble the fate of his nation by fighting on , `` whatever the cost may be , '' in the words of Winston Churchill .
Cities like Paris , Copenhagen , and Amsterdam offered refuge to black American jazz musicians , who needed a break from institutionalized racism .
What is needed is to find a less belligerent , more liberal way to promote democracy , stressing international cooperation instead of blunt military force .
But what is needed to revive liberal idealism is a set of new ideas on how to promote justice , equality and freedom in the world .
New waves of immigrants are rarely , if ever , popular . But they are often needed .
Liberals are most needed when compromises have to be made , but not nearly as useful when faced with brute force .
It is , on the whole , not beneficial to be ruled by such heroes , but it is good to have heroes around when they are needed .
A 42-year dictatorship does not exactly provide fertile ground for the learning and experience needed to create an impartial court .
But a high standard of fidelity to the truth is needed in the media ; otherwise , debates become too distorted for citizens to evaluate correctly their meaning .
A disciplined succession plan is needed because Kim is 68 and in bad health -LRB- and thus unlikely to still be holding power in 2012 , the year he targeted for North Korea to become a `` Strong and Prosperous Country '' -RRB- .
What is needed is a radical change in how we think about medicine and health care , not simply better ways to reorganize existing systems .
A presidential order recalling the unionist , police , and army troops is urgently needed to avoid greater tragedy -LRB- there have already been 30 deaths in the last two years -RRB- and create conditions for dialogue and a democratic covenant with regional , civic , and political opposition forces .
This `` internationalization '' includes more than America 's `` Plan Colombia '' aid , for the EU has also coughed up $ 280 million for social and development projects , though much , much more is needed .
In that recognition may lay the political support needed for serious reform to take place .
Back then , the illusion of costless progress prevented the root and branch reform Colombia so desperately needed .
Vázquez needed some cover on the status of Urugayan immigrants in the US , and mainly , increases in quotas for its exports to the American market .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
Second , more specific provisions on labor , the environment , gender equality , and indigenous rights are needed , as well as anti-trust , regulatory , and judicial reform provisions , for reasons both of principle and political expediency .
Most immediately , Calderón had to address his immediate predecessor 's failure to implement any of the major reforms that Mexico needed .
But the Mexican left , while no longer as weak as it was after its defeat in 2006 , has always needed foreign role models .
It is imperative that the EU build societies that are seen as global leaders in social , political , and technological innovation -- all will be urgently needed in the transition to the low-carbon economy that is coming .
Few things will be needed more in the years to come .
And improved therapies mean that patients can be treated with drugs that work better -LRB- and that patients are more likely to receive the full dose needed -RRB- .
And the international community , which provides almost a third of the resources needed to make the country work , is being alienated .
Two years into his term , Ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow him to seek a second consecutive term .
Or the Reagan and Bush I era of interventionism that , depending on your point of view , either saved the region from revolutionaries or suppressed needed change .
Might it hold the key to a way to better preserve scarce organs needed for transplants ?
But , with no natural steam or hot water to bring the energy to the surface , an engineered solution is needed , and , during the past 35 years , more than $ 600 million has been spent worldwide devising one .
Similar safeguards will be needed for neuroprostheses , including in research .
The $ 82 billion `` emergency supplemental '' bill to finance American military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan leaves the United States spending more money on military power than is needed on a yearly basis to permit every child in the world to receive , within one decade , both primary and secondary education .
These funds will be needed for schools , teachers , teacher training , materials and equipment , administration , and assessments .
Not included is the cost of other improvements needed to encourage children to attend school , such as meals , tuition subsidies , and more effective , dynamic , and knowledgeable teachers .
The world , or even the US by itself , has the ability to provide the additional funds needed .
At times dialogue with terrorists may be needed ; there may be reason to avoid making this impossible by fixating too rigidly on moral imperatives and condemning all terrorists as unspeakable criminals .
For the fact is that most pigs are bred and slaughtered here in a way that fails to meet EU standards , and no one is prepared to invest the money needed to get our piggeries up to Union levels .
If the government could identify how the economy needed to be restructured and provide incentives to move resources more quickly in that direction , a properly designed program could alleviate and shorten the recession .
High-level collusion enables thousands of tons of chemical precursors , needed to produce heroin , to be trucked into the country .
Countries like Guinea Bissau need help , fast . While the amount of investment needed is minimal , failure to act will be very costly .
Reforms are needed if Europe really wants to become a competitive , knowledge-based economy , and not merely the most regulated one .
That help is needed , because Ethiopians are prone to malnutrition , disease , and natural calamity .
· While the Development Assistance Group , created by the EU and other principal donors to coordinate aid projects in Ethiopia , has improved the efficiency of donor contributions , a vigorous monitoring component is needed to ensure that international resources do not support policies that are anathema to human rights values ;
People no longer think of parliaments as representing them and thus vested with the legitimacy needed to take decisions on their behalf .
Their real triumph occurred in 1989 , when Communism collapsed and the emerging new societies needed a language to express their goals .
It may even serve to strengthen trust in the true independence of judges , who are badly needed as an instance of last resort , when the rights of individuals is at risk -- and hence the very rule of law itself .
I no longer needed to hide as I had done after my release from a Gestapo camp at the beginning of February .
They must be free to admit students of their choice and to charge them what is needed .
A remarkable observation supports this analogy : viruses behave like individual pieces of programs , using the cell as the machine needed to make them multiply and subsequently propagate -LRB- often by destroying the machine -RRB- .
Moreover , the high-quality population data needed for credible estimates may not be available due to their `` sensitive nature , '' or because they never have been collected -LRB- sometimes the case in developing nations -RRB- , or because refugee movements have made data obsolete .
In the past , small member states used to gravitate towards federalist positions , because they calculated that they needed strong central institutions to contain the power of the large member states -LRB- especially France -RRB- .
For the general expectation is that if France rejects the Constitution , the Constitution would be dead , and no British referendum would be needed .
Bernanke 's performance over the last two years has won high praise , and an extended political fight over control of US monetary policy was the last thing the world needed at what is still a very delicate moment for the global economy .
Nout Wellink of the Dutch Central Bank has explicitly said that more disclosure would one day be needed as the ECB reaches maturity .
We could easily be `` stimulating '' and `` rescuing '' the economy for a rather long time , in ways that only delay the needed adjustment , before we are finally forced to allow the required creative destruction to occur .
For this to happen , clarity on four key political points is needed this year .
First , clarity is needed on ambitious , legally binding emission-reduction targets for industrialized countries .
Because the carbon market can not be the sole instrument , government-to-government cooperation will be needed as well .
But more steps are needed .
Thus , a new yardstick is needed to measure success .
Moreover , most FDI promotion agencies in the region lack the minimum financial and human resources needed in order to be effective , owing to governments ' lack of political will to support them and to eliminate parallel processes that confuse investors .
Short-term emergency policies are needed to deal with high unemployment , home foreclosures , business bankruptcies , and often with hunger , disease , and a number of other ills .
Just as world leaders have led the global discussion on policies to resolve the financial crisis , they should start a broad-based debate on the international community 's future involvement in Afghanistan , Iraq , and other war-torn countries , where better living conditions are needed to give the local population a stake in the peace process .
Outsiders should also remind America that its population is aging and that big savings will be needed to pay for the looming retirement of the baby boomers .
When people who in other circumstances could be happy , healthy , and productive members of the workforce lack the skills , confidence , social networks , and experience needed to find work worth paying for , we obviously have a problem .
Or consider the claims -- also rampant these days -- that further government attempts to increase demand , whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze , banking policy to increase risk tolerance , or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle , will similarly fail .
There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation -- and possibly three generations -- behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy , and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology .
The comparison between the late 1990 's and early 2000 's in America and in Western Europe compels us to reflect on how fragile the underlying institutional mechanisms needed to support rapid economic growth truly are . Western Europe and the US are both post-industrial democracies .
The exact amount depends on how rapidly Americans re-direct their spending from imports to domestically-produced goods , and how much of an expected recovery in the dollar 's exchange rate is needed to persuade investors to hold US assets while the spending switchover takes place .
In a discussion with President Clinton ... I mentioned that one sector where we needed to push for reduced trade barriers was fish .
We looked at how extraordinarily strongly the world 's system of relative prices was tilted against the poor : how cheap were the products they exported , and how expensive were the capital goods that they needed to import in order to industrialize and develop .
By 2000 , European senior bureaucrats began to dread the approach of each international meeting as the likely occasion for yet another lecture by the Americans on how Europe needed to become much more like America right now .
If consumers go on a spending binge , we expect the world 's central banks to raise interest rates to cool off construction spending and free up the resources needed to prevent shortage-inducing inflation .
Attempts to shave costs by economizing on energy use reduce pollution . Higher prices for oil substitutes spur research into other energy technologies - research that is much needed today if we are to tackle the problems of global climate change tomorrow .
Were it not for the Stability and Growth Pact , a Keynesian spending-led program could provide the demand needed to reduce unemployment .
These same Republicans also argued for government spending restraint while blocking the institutional changes to Congressional procedures needed to make spending restraint possible .
Fifteen years ago , the consensus was that America 's Social Security System was in huge trouble , that it needed the equivalent of an engine rebuild .
What are needed are intermediary organizations that will grant a measure of control to foreigners , allow diversification across a wider range of US-located assets , and yet still appear 100 % American to US politicians .
And the $ 65 billion needed every month to fund the US current-account deficit continues to flow in .
You also needed a few good basic institutions . `` Security of property and tolerable administration of justice , '' as Smith put it .
The problem is that for poor economies , raising the capital needed to relax binding growth constraints is difficult .
Fiscal stimulus is needed as well .
In response , central banks should purchase government bonds for cash in as large a quantity as needed to push their prices up as high as possible .
My guess is that the reason that the US government is not doing all it should can be stated in three words : Senator George Voinovich , who is the 60th vote in the Senate -- the vote needed to close off debate and enact a bill .
A world population that peaks at 9-10 billion is not one in which we have to worry about Parson Malthus , the English 19th century economist who prophesied a future in which people multiply faster than the resources needed to sustain them and hence starve to death by the millions .
Thus , policies aimed at boosting employment by the end of , say , this calendar year needed to be put in place about a year ago to have time to have reached their full effect .
Agreed EU-wide immigration rules are needed to reconcile shrinking Europe 's hunger for imported labor with widespread fears of cultural tensions and social unrest .
To speed the process , a new long-term strategy aimed at the underlying factors at work in North Korea -- and in relations with its rulers -- is needed .
The situation here is not unlike that which the EU faced in Eastern Europe , a region which also needed an `` anchor '' after the fall of communism .
What is needed is a large worldwide fiscal stimulus to counteract falling private demand .
Tangible progress is needed in global trade negotiations in order to signal that the world economy will remain open .
Indeed , the Rajapaksa government , and the majority Sinhalese , must understand that the political and economic reforms needed to achieve a lasting peace are inextricably intertwined .
What is needed instead are policies that reflect particular circumstances in different states and regions , together with an awareness that democracy is , above all , a statement about national realities and depends primarily on domestic factors .
But as NATO 's Secretary General has said , if it is the mission that defines the coalition , then NATO - a permanent alliance - is no longer needed .
What is needed is a process that rebuilds trust and communication so that the give-and-take of negotiation is perceived as serving mutual interests rather than serving up insults to national dignity or identity .
Furthermore , during the past 10 years , only about two-thirds of worldwide demand for nuclear fuel -- about 68,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent are needed for 2010 -- was met from resources obtained from mining .
He was seen in the West as a reformer , and reform may not proceed without him . If it does not , urgently needed Western investment wo n't materialize .
Sadly , he may also have needed the support of some crime bosses at the outset .
Serbia is poor and Western aid is desperately needed .
Appeasement cost millions of Jews and non-Jews their lives as England and France , allies at the time , negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that Hitler needed to be fought and defeated , because he could not be bound by toothless agreements .
Only two recent American presidents have had the courage needed to shun appeasement : Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush . America 's critics may quibble over the details , but in our hearts we Europeans know the truth , because we saw it first hand .
Enhanced surveillance also is needed .
Capitalism , indeed , has always needed its morality tales . But distinctions must be made .
But more is needed , and September 's summit in New York will be an important opportunity for countries to voice their full-throated support for innovative financing mechanisms , and thus give the MDGs a fighting chance .
Latin America 's economies are organized in a way that concentrates wealth in a few hands , but then leaves it untaxed , depriving governments of the resources needed to invest in their citizens ' human capital .
The problem is no longer too much power in the president 's hands , but too much power in the hands of `` veto centers '' -- including public-sector unions -- that are blocking much-needed reforms , including in the health system .
It hid economic distortions , allowing successive governments to postpone needed structural reform as it financed the status quo . Mexico was able to float along , buoyed by billions of dollars of oil revenue , without having to swim more quickly or forcefully than its competitors in the sea of emerging markets .
The first focused on 225,000 of Ethiopia 's most at-risk farmers , and got them what they needed immediately : food .
The CTBT is needed because of the role of nuclear tests in the development and improvement of nuclear weapons .
Other treaties are needed as well , especially one outlawing the production of fissile materials for use in nuclear weapons .
Today , Europe needs peace between cultures as much as it once needed peace between nations , and it is for this reason that we must welcome Turkey into our midst .
Buyers and sellers can find one another , schoolchildren can find information needed for their homework , and sick people can find health information .
No governmental `` information agency '' is needed .
Although recent reports of the International Working Group of sovereign funds have indicated the difficulties in applying uniform governance standards , several measures are needed in order to bring Libya back to global capital markets .
More efforts along the lines of the EU 's `` Peace Laboratories '' are needed to stabilize conflict zones .
What Lula did was simply to decide that Brazil would be a `` normal '' country . But more than controlled inflation is needed to create a robust economy with a high and sustainable growth rate .
As many studies have shown , Brazil has not been able -- or has not wanted -- to adopt the modernizing reforms needed to promote a productivity boom .
A weaker dollar is needed to make American goods more attractive to foreign consumers .
Moreover , gradual adjustment in the bilateral exchange rate is needed to prevent global imbalances from blowing out .
There should be clear rules governing disbursement , who is in charge , and how much money is available . It should not be necessary to obtain the agreement of 27 national parliaments each time action is needed .
On the other side are those who insist that additional public spending is still needed to support demand .
If so , leaders are playing a dangerous game that depends on encouraging more future spending by exciting consumers and investors now , while depressing actual spending just when it is most urgently needed .
They should n't : a more decentralized international monetary system is precisely what is needed to prevent a replay of the financial crisis .
British banks , having grown up in the early nineteenth century , when industry 's capital needs were modest , specialized in financing foreign trade rather than domestic investment , thereby starving industry of the capital needed to grow .
They have to cut wages , pensions , and other costs in order to achieve the same gain in competitiveness needed to substitute external demand for internal demand .
A reduction in that burden of 40 % , whether in the form of reduced interest or principal , is needed to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio to below 100 % , a level at which the country has some hope of meeting its payment obligations .
US aid underwrote the imports of coal and investments in hydroelectric power needed to get industry running again .
Europeans might usefully look back 60 years , to a time when their own countries , perched on the brink of a similar collapse , received the help that they needed to recover -- help that has put them in a position to do something similar for Greece today .
If these three urgent tasks are completed , there will be plenty of time -- and much time will be needed -- to contemplate radical changes like new budgetary rules , harmonization of other national policies , and a move to full fiscal union .
Directing spending toward imports of capital equipment would avoid overheating China 's own markets , boost the economy 's productive capacity -LRB- and thus its ability to grow in the future -RRB- , and support demand for US , European , and Japanese products just when such support is needed most .
But this observation points to what is needed : a regime that defines the conditions to be met before a country 's banks are allowed in .
Support should be given to courageous local women 's groups that are providing care to the victims . Medical and other assistance is needed to treat the overwhelming numbers of victims .
One way to understand current conditions -- and what is needed to improve them -- is to consider two events that recently attracted considerable worldwide attention : the launch of Boeing 's Dreamliner passenger jet and the tragic death of Apple 's Steve Jobs .
What is desperately needed is better policymaking .
Rather than committing to a comprehensive set of urgently-needed reinforcing measures , they seem obsessed with the futile search for the one `` killer app '' that will solve all of the country 's economic problems .
Moldova appears set to cave in to Russia 's pressure , partly to attract desperately needed inward investment at a time when little aid has come from the West , particularly the EU .
An injection of renewed purpose from the EU 's political leaders is undoubtedly needed .
A comprehensive strategy is needed to realize the region 's full potential .
Much talk will be heard in coming months : the ministerial meeting in Luxembourg , numerous conferences and seminars around the region , and in September a Baltic summit will be held in St. Petersburg at which political and business leaders will discuss what is needed in order to move ahead .
They needed to know what had happened before they could try to get on with their lives .
This is where political leadership is needed .
Turning to the International Monetary Fund or others when it comes to pulling our chestnuts out of the fire will not bring us the needed confidence in the European project .
Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ; Putin and Medvedev are devising an ideology to solidify their party .
Moreover , roughly 40 % of the increase in bank credit in 2009 accommodated the fiscal expansion , as projects were started prior to the budget allocations needed to finance them .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
Yes , further revaluation of the exchange rate is needed , but this can play only a secondary role .
No matter how much politicians blame others , growing US imports mean greater reliance on international markets , and some China factor in America 's investment portfolio is needed to compete against European and Japanese firms .
This improved competitiveness of American goods and services is needed to shrink the massive US trade deficit .
While the ECB has limited room for maneuver , regulatory changes and revenue-neutral shifts in the tax structure -LRB- for example , a temporary investment tax credit financed by a temporary increase in the corporate tax rate -RRB- could provide the stimulus needed to offset declining net exports .
Central banks in Asia and the Middle East have traditionally held their reserves in dollars . That made sense when they needed those reserves to be very liquid so that they could bridge temporary trade deficits .
But those foreign-exchange balances have grown far beyond the level needed as emergency reserves .
In reality , of course , a single currency or fixed exchange rate is not needed for trade to flourish .
And a massive default , together with a very large sustained cut in the annual budget deficit , is , in fact , needed to restore Greek fiscal sustainability .
What started as a problem with sub-prime mortgages has now spread to houses more generally , as well as to other asset classes . The housing problem is contributing to the financial crisis , which in turn is reducing the supply of credit needed to sustain economic activity .
It remains to be seen how willing the ECB will be to provide national central banks with the volume of euros needed to play this role fully .
Even then , European monarchs were forced to convene estates when they needed money to fight , forcing a dialog about the purposes and costs of war .
We do know , however , that until now governments have had to subject themselves to increased political oversight when they needed manpower or money to fight wars .
The Communists needed the vote of just one MP in order to perpetuate their domination of Moldovan politics for another term by electing their president in parliament .
The enlarged Union , inevitable when Europe 's Cold War division ended in 1989 , needed new institutions to act efficiently and with transparency .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas are very weak domestically , and , given the compromises needed on both sides , they will be risking a lot .
To be sure , in the 1990 's the US and Russia reduced their nuclear arsenals from 65,000 to approximately 26,000 weapons . But this number is still almost unimaginable and beyond any rational level needed for deterrence .
An international initiative for the renewal and improvement of the international control regime , led by both big nuclear powers , is urgently needed to meet these and all other risks of the new nuclear age .
1 -RRB- A strong European foreign policy , badly needed given the current state of the world , was buried on June 12 , for the time being .
All of this , and much more , is needed to send a clear signal to Russia that Europe is unwilling to stand idly by as it returns to great power politics .
What is needed now is an Arabian Jean Monnet .
Rather , the opposite is needed : massive economic and political investment , and closer cooperation .
The direct leadership of heads of state and government is needed , at least in these times of extreme crisis .
To be sure , eurozone member states also needed the courage to respond to the crisis of confidence confronting the common currency with concerted action for tighter control of national budgets and improved cooperation .
If Germany needed the Fund 's involvement to save face domestically and because of a decision by its Constitutional Court , was it really necessary to wreak such unparalleled havoc in Europe just to bring that about ?
Otherwise , they would recognize that the financial crisis has long become a political crisis threatening the EU 's very existence , and thus that a permanent crisis-resolution mechanism for debt-distressed members , while clearly needed , requires a permanent political crisis-resolution mechanism in order to succeed .
Staggered alignment of economic and social policies -LRB- such as the legal retirement age -RRB- , new balancing schemes -LRB- euro bonds as a transfer instrument -RRB- , and an effective stability mechanism are all needed to preserve the common currency .
President George W. Bush believed that he needed to take account of only one half of America 's dual role in the Middle East , namely the alliance with Israel .
Germany seems to be congealing into an introspective provincialism , and that at a time where its potential , its leadership even , are more urgently needed than ever .
Monetary sovereignty was made a common cause ; but the power needed to exercise it remained in national capitals .
What is needed is a conscious , deliberate return of US foreign policy to multilateralism .
Beyond these financial instruments , we need to improve on the status quo by investing in the research and development needed to modernize agriculture and reduce the risk of crop failures .
And Europe can not deploy the type of power needed to tilt the balance in Arab-Israeli peacemaking .
Making withdrawal a tolerable political option -LRB- or making occupation a more costly one -RRB- is needed to trigger a meaningful peace process .
In plain English , an `` occupation tax '' is needed .
Moreover , they knew that , in contrast to the inter-war period , close international coordination would be needed .
But what is needed is an institutional framework that would establish greater political responsibility concerning the primary economic objectives that Europe should pursue -- full employment and growth -- and that would at least partly close the democratic deficit implied by the ECB 's takeover of monetary policy from euro-zone states .
To rule this out , `` unlimited interventions '' would be needed .
The concessions needed to ensure German participation are likely to be enormous .
We know that Iran has made progress with the centrifuge technology essential for producing the enriched uranium needed for nuclear weapons .
The hardest part still lies ahead : the miniaturization needed to fit a nuclear device into a warhead .
At the same time , the expected benefits of having SWFs as shareholders -- that is , of having a long , stable investor -- might simply be a mirage , which disappears precisely when that stability is most needed : during a global financial crisis .
After introducing a biological problem with 11 variables , I used a simple method called dimensional analysis to demonstrate that only three needed to be studied empirically ; the relations among the rest of the variables could be inferred logically .
But a broader economic initiative is also needed to mobilize a critical mass of European and international financial resources to attract investment to the region and modernize its infrastructures and services .
As a result , not only are countercyclical measures needed , but banks ' capital requirements should vary inversely with the boom-and-bust fluctuations in the asset markets to which they are heavily exposed .
But more than magnanimous sentiments are needed if peace is to come to Kashmir .
In targeted therapies , in which drugs interfere with the molecular signaling needed for proliferation and survival , a cell might adapt by activating or following alternative pathways . All these strategies use up energy that would otherwise be available for invasion into non-cancerous tissues or proliferation , and so reduce a cell 's fitness .
But a broader and deeper agenda is needed : China should agree to raise household spending and consumer imports ; India should open its markets so that its poor can benefit from low-cost imports ; and Europe and America must boost competitiveness in order to increase their exports .
Nor do the current rules ensure the effective functioning of the Union 's institutions , as they exist now , while drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal .
Drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal , and it is also unlikely that the necessary changes could be introduced through an intergovernmental conference .
Now , if something similar happens , the central bank will have the foreign exchange needed to service its debts while maintaining a stable exchange rate .
New and more sophisticated analytical tools are needed to understand these long-term effects , along with sufficient training to ensure that new methods are applied properly in the field .
In addition to providing a much-needed source of skilled and unskilled labor , they contribute disproportionately to innovation and wealth creation .
In short , more law , rather than less , is needed to help stem the violence .
The slaughter by terrorists of hundreds of Russian children in Beslan was final proof - if more was needed - of the utter incompetence of Russia 's military and security services .
Only a shift in strategic focus would be needed to anchor monetary policy with a long-run target range for low inflation .
So , perhaps a radically new approach to research is also needed .
A more enlightened approach to shared resources is needed , one less dependent on neo-colonial control .
This global challenge also demands innovation in global governance , which is why we support the creation of a UN Environment Agency , endowed with the legal and financial resources needed to tackle the issues at hand .
Climate change is complex and closely entwined with a host of other challenges , but a similar breakthrough in our values and priorities is needed .
To avoid both the global hangover of no deal and the self-deception of a weak deal , a breakthrough is needed -- and can still be achieved in Copenhagen .
Claims that they lack the needed resources ring hollow , as trillions of dollars were found to bail out banks in the financial crisis .
Barring preemptive war -LRB- which has proven counterproductive -RRB- or effective sanctions -LRB- which have thus far proven insufficient -RRB- , only sincere steps toward nuclear disarmament can furnish the mutual security needed to forge tough compromises on arms control and nonproliferation matters .
By linking an array of interrelated matters , Reagan and I built the trust and understanding needed to moderate a nuclear-arms race of which we had lost control .
Only a serious program of universal nuclear disarmament can provide the reassurance and the credibility needed to build a global consensus that nuclear deterrence is a dead doctrine .
What seem to be lacking today are leaders with the boldness and vision to build the trust needed to reintroduce nuclear disarmament as the centerpiece of a peaceful global order .
Rather than using the oil windfall to pay for long-overdue reforms in health care , education , and utilities -- and thus helping to ensure the macroeconomic stability needed to sustain rapid long-term growth -- President Vladimir Putin has chosen large spending increases for public wages and pensions .
In Japan , there seems little hope that the world 's second-largest economy can extricate itself from its homemade deflation trap to generate the demand needed to offset economic weakness elsewhere in the world .
I have a framed copy of the Act of Parliament by Dail Eireann that was needed .
The stock market allocates capital more efficiently than banks . One rationale for creating China 's stock market was that it would channel finance to where it was most needed , side-stepping indebted and inefficient banks .
To achieve these goals , donor countries need only extend their existing commitments into the future ; new funds are not needed .
The argument seems simple : only a massive dose of government spending and massive central-bank support for the financial system prevented a slide into a second Great Depression , so more of the same medicine is now needed to prevent a slide back into recession .
If , for example , Ireland -LRB- or Spain -RRB- needed emergency support , the other eurozone countries could simply agree to lend it their IMF quotas .
But the opposite is also true : when an import boom ends , measured GDP must drop considerably , because much less intermediation is needed .
But retail shop clerks and car dealers can not be easily transformed into the specialized and highly skilled workers needed in modern manufacturing .
Given that Greece had a current-account deficit close to 10 % of GDP in 2010 , a drop in imported consumption goods of that magnitude seems to be needed before the country 's external debt can be stabilized .
During the bubble years , neither its advice nor its money seemed to be needed .
The Stability and Growth Pact clearly did not prevent `` excessive '' deficits , and the no-bailout clause failed its first test when European leaders , facing the Greek crisis , solemnly declared on February 11 that euro-zone members would `` take determined and coordinated action , if needed , to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole . ''
Any holder of Greek debt , especially long-term debt , must calculate the likelihood that Greece 's political system will prove strong enough to push through the reforms needed to enable the country to service its debt fully -LRB- and on time -RRB- .
But that tailwind may have been squandered , because the Kirchners have yet to make the structural changes -- in industry , in the country 's energy policy , in education , and elsewhere -- needed to free Argentina from extreme dependence on commodity prices .
A Euro-Mediterranean monetary system would avoid the discrepancy between euro - and dollar-denominated trade -- indeed , eventual expansion of the eurozone should not be ruled out . A reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed , and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment .
Today , both `` conservative democrats '' and liberals advocate passing all the reforms needed to gain accession to the EU , while opponents include extreme nationalists , of both left and right , as well as some elements of the `` secular '' establishment .
Likewise , user fees discourage the poor and elderly from accessing needed health services , whereas public funding largely eliminates inequities in the provision of care while producing health outcomes that are as good as , if not better than , mixed public-private funding models .
What is needed , therefore , is a pledge by governments to make global trade liberalization a much higher political priority .
As a result , new mechanisms are needed for regional and global governance that include actors other than states .
What is needed now is a successor arrangement in which a larger number of governments , including the United States , China , and India , accept emissions limits or adopt common standards because they recognize that they would be worse off if no country did .
Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism Reconsidered The arrests in London of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the Atlantic reminds us , if any reminder is needed , of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September 11 , 2001 .
Again , what is holding the UN back is not the UN itself , but its leading members , who can not agree on what change is needed .
But more is needed .
If internationally managed enriched-uranium or spent-fuel banks are established , countries could gain access to nuclear power but not come to control the material needed for bombs .
A similar level of effort might be needed to ensure the continued flow of investment . The goal should be to create a World Investment Organization , which , by encouraging cross-border capital flows , would minimize the risk that `` investment protectionism '' impedes activities that , like trade , are economically beneficial and build political bulwarks against instability .
More effort also will be needed to prevent state failure and deal with its consequences . The US and other developed countries should enhance their military capacities to deal with the type of threats being faced in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as establish a pool of civilian talent to assist with basic nation-building tasks .
Networks will be needed alongside organizations .
Greater sharing of existing cleaner-coal technologies is needed , as is continued development of next-generation clean-coal plants .
Here , too , mechanisms are needed for sharing new technologies and helping poorer countries pay for them in exchange for adopting policies that reduce greenhouse-gas emissions .
The empowerment of the G-20 is a step in the right direction , but many more changes are needed , including restructuring the UN , the International Monetary Fund , and the World Bank so that they , too , reflect the new distribution of power .
Depending on how this power is used -LRB- or abused -RRB- , it can be beneficial -LRB- exercising needed oversight and increasing the transparency of policy and policy-making -RRB- or destructive -LRB- if , for example , hearings degenerate into politically motivated attacks on administration officials and policies -RRB- .
There is a fair chance that one or more of these bilateral accords will be approved -LRB- in part because the Obama administration seems finally to have recognized that trade can generate good jobs -RRB- , but it is far less certain that the president will gain the authority needed to negotiate a new global trade deal .
Cutting this sum will free up much-needed money for other defense needs and for deficit reduction , arguably the principal national security challenge facing the US .
The US has multiple alliance obligations -- with Japan , South Korea , Australia , the Philippines , and Thailand -- which are needed , in part , to deter North Korean aggression .
A well-educated citizenry is also essential if young men and women are to acquire the skills needed to perform the sort of jobs today 's global and competitive world demands .
What is now needed is a more modest debate about how to reconcile the deficiencies of the market with the demands of solidarity .
There are ups and downs from year to year because of the weather , and there are pockets of starvation around the world -LRB- due not to a global lack of food , but to a lack of ways to transport it where it 's needed -RRB- .
The number-one component of any fertilizer is nitrogen , and the first of the two German researchers , Fritz Haber , discovered how to work the dangerous , complex chemistry needed to pull nitrogen out of the atmosphere -- where it is abundant but useless for fertilizer -- and turn it into a substance that can grow plants .
Had it been Pakistan 's ethos , the Taliban in Swat would n't have needed to blast schools -- people would have happily pulled their daughters from the schools themselves .
They regularly needed to resolve the delicate issue of whether to invite to their embassy celebrations various Charter 77 signatories , human rights activists , critics of the communist regime , displaced politicians , or even banned writers , scholars , and journalists -- people with whom the diplomats were generally friends .
But more than sympathy is needed , because the Burmese military junta 's incompetence and brutal oppression are further aggravating the tragic consequences of this natural disaster .
What is needed is a viable option for the opposing party to adopt in order for violence not to be deployed .
This diversion of the energy of war can take place at any stage of the cycle of escalation , but if preventive peace building is not launched at the first sign of trouble , and problems remain unaddressed as the conflict intensifies -LRB- especially if it turns violent -RRB- , some type of intervention will be needed .
Of course , Israel 's need for security must be understood by all sides , but confidence-building measures are needed from all sides as well .
What is now needed most of all is a clear message that dialogue , not violence , is the way forward in these very tense times .
Meanwhile , the administration of President Yanukovych proclaims its willingness to join the EU , but has failed to introduce the changes needed to meet the qualifying criteria .
A similar effort is needed for Ukraine today , and that effort should not be set aside for reasons of political expedience , or , for that matter , pursued for reasons of simple economic self-interest .
A new declaration was badly needed when we began work on it one year ago .
Even if some sort of communiqué is cobbled together in December -- and countries with elections coming up , such as the United Kingdom , will push for one -- it is hard to believe that it will contain sufficient detail or reflect the proper level of commitment to have the impact so desperately needed .
Some countries with needed capabilities have not brought them to the fight , and others have not even provided political support .
What is needed now is the political will and financial resources to underpin these efforts .
Urgent action is needed both to adapt to the climate change that is inevitable and to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , to prevent further damage as far as possible .
Regarding emissions from the burning of fossil fuels , the International Energy Agency -LRB- IEA -RRB- in its `` Energy Technology Perspectives '' has set out in detail the technologies and actions that are needed in different countries and sectors to meet these targets .
Abysmal air and land transport limit the ability to move fighting forces to where they are needed most .
Even though 19 of NATO 's 26 members also belong to the EU , leaders and bureaucrats in most of these countries have been unwilling to back the commitment of their troops with the economic resources needed .
As the heartland of some of the strongest Islamist forces anywhere , this Saudi effort -- if successful and a harbinger of other needed changes -- may have an even more profound impact than the elections in Iraq and Palestine .
More daring policies are needed .
I despaired over how long it would take to build the infrastructure needed for Estonian businesses to compete internationally .
But I fear that the steps needed to emulate Estonia 's achievements may not be very welcome elsewhere in the EU .
For example , since the late 1990 's , around 98 % of all banking transactions in Estonia have been Internet-based , so banks needed fewer tellers and fewer branch offices .
Yes , we needed external assistance , but we never surrendered `` ownership '' of the reform process ; we made it work for us .
Thus the ECB needed to rely on the few robust results theory and experience can provide .
And , just as important , reforms aimed at ensuring greater flexibility of markets still lag behind what is needed to exploit fully the advantages of the single monetary policy .
BLOOMINGTON , INDIANA -- Winston Churchill once said that , in wartime , truth was so precious that it needed to be surrounded by a `` bodyguard of lies . ''
Then again , for three consecutive years , Iraq 's national security advisor -- a physician with no credentials for the job when appointed by the US occupation authority , except that he spoke tolerable English -- insisted that the next year would be the last in which American troops were needed .
They must recognize that a long-term presence by US troops is out of the question , but that US combat forces will be needed in Iraq -- albeit with a diminishing role -- for the next five years .
Such a force is needed to continue pursuing al-Qaeda , and to counteract pro-Iranian activities .
The idea was that an individual could buy a computer and the software needed for a specific -LRB- and increasingly complicated -RRB- purpose , and immediately generate a productive result .
But Fujiwara 's book has also revived an old debate about capitalism and the values that are needed to sustain it . That debate stems from the fact that capitalism , or the market economy , can not simply go on forever , driven by an internal momentum or dynamic .
As a result , elaborate systems of laws are needed to ensure that competition is open and fair , that monopolies and trusts do not destroy competition itself .
Governments not only needed to help by providing a combination of public assistance and new legislation guaranteeing deposits , but also were called on to shield their constituencies from destabilizing international influences .
First , big public sector action is needed . Second , such action is complicated because in a globalized world the need for assistance spans borders .
But in a climate of profound uncertainty , self-help is not enough . Governments or central banks are needed , because only they are both big and quick enough .
British train drivers long insisted that two drivers were needed to ensure safety , whereas some mass transit systems now operate with driverless trains .
The major problem in the aftermath of today 's financial crisis is that banks are no longer providing credit for many transactions needed in the basic operation of the economy .
Even pro-market commentators have taken up the cry that the market will not provide the needed credit .
Such large banks are needed because small players alone can not make a market .
These markets needed the big banks to act as stabilizers and take the other side of bets .
Major adjustments are needed . At the same time , the main parties find it hard to address the country 's problems , because they are reluctant to call for sacrifice before an election .
Are these still needed ?
None of these favored categories of credit allocation produce the dynamism and innovation that is needed for long-term , self-sustaining growth .
Other countries , such as Greece , needed to have a full-blown crisis in order to prompt such adjustment measures , whereas Britain was acting prudently and preemptively .
Andrew Mellon , the United States Treasury Secretary at the time , talked about liquidating workers , farmers , stocks , and real estate in order `` to purge the rottenness out of the system . '' In Britain back then , Philip Snowden , a small man with a narrow , pinched face , who needed a cane to walk , seemed to want to remake the British economy in his physical image .
On the contrary , Hoover and other figures argued in a perfectly modern , Keynesian fashion that large-scale public-works programs were needed to pull the economy out of the trough .
For the past 200 years , with the exception of the Great Depression , major financial crises originated in poor and unstable countries , which then needed major policy adjustments .
They needed to fake it for seven years in order to build up adequate reserves against losses .
In mitigating or even preventing financial crises , however , sometimes policemen are needed .
The higher the waves of doubt and uncertainty become , the more the common approach is needed .
And there is no longer-term vision of how the fiscal integration needed for the effective operation of a monetary union could be achieved in a practical timeframe .
But it 's much cheaper , although forbidden , to use the old equipment and refill them with CFC 's when needed than to buy new machines and use the more environmentally benign but more costly alternatives .
Cessation by the 1.1 billion current smokers is needed to lower tobacco deaths over the next few decades .
Why are these antitrust tools not used against today 's megabanks , which have become so powerful that they can sway legislation and regulation massively in their favor , while also receiving generous taxpayer-financed bailouts as needed ?
In either case , new austerity measures are needed , and Ireland will require substantial bridge financing .
And this leaves out government spending that may be needed for further recapitalization of Greek banks .
Drastic action is needed to prevent European bond markets from drying up . Trichet has said repeatedly that current ECB interventions do not target interest rates .
Implementing the policy commitments from the multilateral consultation is also needed to avoid a loss of confidence in the dollar .
These representatives -- with whom I 've interacted at three congressional hearings recently -- are convinced that the US federal government is too big relative to the economy , and that drastic measures are needed to bring it under control .
Reforms to defuse the crisis are needed .
Thus , the treaty unfortunately permits any signatory to acquire the most important facilities needed for making atomic bombs .
It would seem that some other lessons are needed .
Even in the most advanced and affluent societies , a vast concentrated effort is needed to preserve even minimal decency : think of locks , security alarms , police , courts , and prisons .
Abe says that he would `` expect '' the early adoption of the referendum law needed to amend the constitution .
Japan needs to develop well-balanced defense forces with the capacity needed to respond to new threats , such as the rapid build-up of China 's navy , especially its submarine forces .
New legislation will be needed to enable amendments to the constitution , and this will take time and even more debate .
Fundamental change , indeed , is needed as soon as possible , because current interpretations of the constitution have consistently distorted Japan 's security and defense policies .
What is needed is a new pan-European treaty on collective security , signed either by individual countries or by NATO and the EU , as well as by Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States .
What is most needed nowadays is clear thinking about how to live with an expanding club of nuclear states while keeping the world relatively stable .
Arms-control talks are mostly needed for rendering national arsenals more transparent , and for building confidence between the great powers .
Nuclear deterrence and `` mutually assured destruction '' would be passé only if we assumed that we -- people , countries , and humankind at large -- had become so ideal and humane that we no longer needed self-deterrence .
But what is really needed is effective cooperation where it counts the most : containing the increasing instability in the Greater Middle East , ensuring that Afghanistan does not turn into yet another regional cancer , and preventing a chain reaction of nuclear proliferation in the region .
But , if current trends persist , Russia east of the Urals , and later the entire country , will become an appendage of China -- a warehouse of resources , and then an economic and political vassal . No `` aggressive '' or unfriendly effort by China will be needed ; Russia will be subdued by default .
What is needed is a reform that responds to today 's international order and updates the increasingly obsolete and ignored body of international law to today 's new economic and political realities .
The most obvious solution is to increase the number of permanent members from five to eight or nine -LRB- including Germany , Japan , India and possibly Brazil -RRB- and to change the voting rules , so that two or three permanent members -- rather than just one -- are needed to block an action .
Institutionalizing the G-8 and providing it with executive functions could best provide the external impetus that is needed .
Instead , a regional approach was and is needed . It must be concentrated on the sanctuaries of those who train , equip , and motivate the extremists and send them out to hurt us all .
Diplomacy is urgently needed to build broad support for a no-fly zone .
To avoid the perception of NATO or the US attacking another Muslim country , the backing of the Arab world is also needed .
The Nobel Prize committee decided to give an award to Sputnik 's `` chief designer , '' but first it needed the person 's name .
Yeltsin 's tragedy , and Russia 's , was that , when the country needed a leader with vision and determination , it found an agile political operator instead .
The outgoing Fradkov , surprisingly , put the matter best when he explained why he had resigned : with elections approaching , Putin needed a free hand .
Yet the Kremlin understands that something is needed to replace them as Russia adapts to its new oil-fueled autocracy .
More trained medical and non-medical personnel are needed to run these facilities .
Approximately 30,000 community health workers and volunteers are also needed to help staff an estimated 15,000 oral re-hydration points .
Finally , a number of complementary measures are needed . These include eliminating other types of WMD ; new efforts against WMD terrorism ; limits on the production and trade in conventional arms ; and new weapons bans , including of missiles and space weapons .
Finally , I am urging progress in eliminating other weapons of mass destruction and limiting missiles , space weapons and conventional arms -- all of which are needed for a nuclear-weapon-free world . Disarmament must anticipate emerging dangers from other weapons .
The US is particularly well situated to contribute to the process in a positive manner , and its engagement at the appropriate level will be needed in the coming months .
The Turkish political system needs the sense of confidence that comes with EU engagement and the real prospect of membership in order to pursue the systemic political reforms that are still needed .
What is needed , instead , is a serious debate about the conditions that will allow Turkey to fulfill its transatlantic promise .
A cleanup is needed to restore credibility , but prospects for comprehensive reform remain limited , given the history of poor accounting and transparency standards in most member states .
A realignment of US military forces in Japan is needed , with priority given to relocating the Futenma US Marine Corps base on Okinawa , which houses half of the 47,000 US troops in Japan .
But it is wrong -- at least for now -- to think that a formal structure of alliances to contain China is needed in the way that one was required to contain the Soviet Union .
Who transferred the technology that the North needed ?
If these include personnel from Room 99 , Kim 's secret nuclear directorate , and Room 39 , the bureau that controls his slush fund of hard currencies , more attention is needed .
More is needed .
In South Korea , the remarkable Park Guen-hye 's bid to become her country 's first woman president may provide an excuse -- as if any were needed -- for North Korean mischief-making .
But much more is needed .
What is needed , and badly , is a nonpartisan body to find a sustainable way to pay for the country 's social security programs .
Whether Kim Jong-eun or Kim Kyong-hui intend to soldier on in desperate isolation , or to bring in economic change , they lack the revolutionary credentials and grip on power needed to do so .
Such a unified voice is needed , for six years of war and the biggest military operation in NATO 's history have failed to subdue the Afghan insurgency , leaving President Hamid Karzai 's increasingly corrupt government dependent on the continued presence of international forces .
Overall , there are at least 60 such operating restrictions -- known as `` caveats '' -- on European troops , preventing commanders from deploying military assets where they are most needed .
The US has argued that more troops are needed to dominate the terrain , lambasting EU governments for failing to step up their efforts as the US commits 3500 additional marines to the fray .
The appointment of a new UN envoy should prove a more efficient way of coordinating Afghanistan 's international helpmates . And it is to be hoped that whoever is chosen may be able to foster the grand bargain between the US and EU that is so badly needed .
Moreover , in order to provide much-needed finance to local firms , Argentina needs some of the savings that have been sent abroad to return .
But an overarching collective commitment is needed to take advantage of this opportunity , and to achieve inclusive development .
In an anonymous leak to a major financial news service , an ECB official falsely maintained that unanimity was needed for a rate hike , implying a single dove could stop it .
More than anything , the pre-announcement controversy demonstrates that a renewed spirit of consensus and collegiality in the ECB 's Governing Council is sorely needed .
Indeed , even before the sudden downturn in the US economy , a growing number of members of the ECB 's Governing Council already had come to the conclusion that accelerating the pace of interest-rate increases was needed if its goal of monetary neutrality was to be achieved .
Perhaps after 2008 , the politics in America will change in favor of an energy tax , but such a tax is needed now .
The decline will likely be sustained by the substantial US current account deficit , which found in Bernanke 's cuts the spark it needed to make its impact fully felt in foreign exchange markets .
None , in fact , was needed .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
So , when they took power in 1990 , they were honest enough to say that the `` spontaneous order '' advocated by their hero Friedrich von Hayek would not work because reform needed to be pushed from above .
For strong leadership is needed not only in dangerous times but in good times , because democracies rot from within .
Survival was all that mattered , and for this it needed money .
Besides , heroes are no longer needed here .
John Paul II had the courage to raise the fundamental questions that needed asking .
Yet the strong link between the fate of the coalition -LRB- and that of the Fourth Republic -RRB- and a fickle electorate addicted to social benefits will block the serious reforms that are needed to put the economy on a sound footing in the long term .
Rather , the new financial architecture that many are calling for , and which is urgently needed , must be supported by an ethical framework .
All this shows that reflection on common ethical values , a global ethic , is needed more urgently now than ever before .
Iran remains several years away from mastering the technology needed to build nuclear weapons , which provides time to search for such diplomatic openings .
If resumption of political violence and property destruction is to be avoided , a new internal security policy will be needed .
Only such an understanding can permit a start to the groundwork needed for a political resolution that can permanently end both the siege of Gaza and the occupation of Palestinian lands .
The anger of northern Israel 's Arab citizens at the killing of their brethren across the border led to a boycott that cost Peres the few thousand votes he needed to win .
Clinton , who was embroiled in domestic problems , badly needed an international success , and assured Arafat that fingers would not be pointed at either party if the talks failed .
So what is needed is not negotiations , but political will .
Another type of help was needed , but deciding what form it should take was complicated .
Sharon and you might have felt that unilateral action was needed in Gaza , but the withdrawal from Gaza could have produced many more benefits for both sides had it been done bilaterally .
Once the possibility of serious negotiations appears , a Hamas that has improved the lives of ordinary Palestinians will be in a position to carry out the negotiations that will be needed for a historic compromise .
On the most basic level , for example , the people of south Lebanon needed maps of where Israel had laid mines , but these were never provided .
God knows , change is still needed on that front .
Strong leadership also is needed to protect the interests of the five states in which the opposition has now won control for the first time .
He is not naive , and knows that patience , compromise , and a policy of small steps are often needed .
With lower spending and higher savings in the advanced economies , key emerging markets must take up the slack and start providing the demand needed to power the global recovery .
As the examples of the recent Korean and Thai financial crises show , what is needed is political will that is equal to the task .
The great Eurasian civilizations were all dependent on agriculture and needed to create institutional means of tying labor , which was then scarce , to the land , which was abundant .
As a result , cities in those countries were flattened and people killed not only by the Nazis , but also by their Soviet ally , which invaded Poland and supplied the Wehrmacht with the material it needed for its war against the West .
These eye-popping statistics have sparked a widespread , sometimes rancorous debate about whether people are taking far more medication than is needed for problems that may not even be mental disorders .
Because their currency pegs were adjustable -- and thus revocable -- the soaring interest rates and sustained market intervention needed to defend them merely fueled expectations of devaluation , which became self-fulfilling with a stampede on domestic bank deposits .
Radical new thinking is needed in fisheries management to overcome the ecological and evolutionary problems generated by current practice .
A recent series on neonatal issues in the British science journal Lancet estimated that between 41 % and 72 % of neonatal deaths could be prevented if simple interventions were provided effectively where they are needed most .
But the world needs to act now to generate the political will and financial resources needed to save the lives of up to three million babies who die each year simply because they are born without the basic care that is their right .
Additional changes to global governance will also be needed .
Advocates of a more open policy argue that populations are aging and workforces are diminishing , so greater immigration is needed to sustain high living standards .
But what is needed is a deeper and more global perspective than either side allows .
What is needed is someone of impeccable integrity and the capacity to inspire -- and especially to engage Europe 's young people .
Europe 's Military Injustice LONDON -- The cost of sending troops and military hardware around the world to provide security when and where it is needed is causing major financial headaches across Europe .
What is needed is a multifaceted approach that combines a sense of history with careful analysis of current forces such as the shift in the balance of global growth toward the emerging world .
As dynamic emerging economies evolve to take their place at the helm of the world economy , a rethink of the conventional approach to global economic governance is needed .
It damages the trust needed for stronger trade relations .
All that is needed are the right financial incentives to induce utility companies to produce less electricity -LRB- and still be more profitable -RRB- and consumers to reduce their use -LRB- and gain savings without sacrificing comfort -RRB- .
Others simply do without needed care .
Paving the Road to Growth The extreme poor in Latin America 's rural communities live five kilometers or more on average from the nearest paved road -- almost twice as far as non-poor rural households , resulting in difficult and very costly access to markets and needed services .
On average , countries in Latin America and the Caribbean spend less than 2 % of their GDP on infrastructure , while 3 % to 6 % is needed to sustain rapid growth and keep pace with countries like China or Korea .
The real challenge is to establish how Latin America can generate the political consensus needed to adopt the best policies to remove its infrastructure logjams .
Increases in civil service salaries are not a sufficient policy response ; structural reforms also are needed .
Marine cloud whitening would not lead to permanent atmospheric changes , and could be used only when needed .
Yet the needed technology will not be ready in terms of scalability or stability .
The Climate Change Debate 's Willpower Fallacy COPENHAGEN -- There is a dangerous misperception that willpower and political agreement are the only missing ingredients needed to combat global warming .
As the Copenhagen Consensus , as well as the World Bank recently advocated , R&D investments on the order of $ 100 billion a year will be needed if wind and other alternative technologies are to become truly viable .
The Hartwell group argues that mass improvements are needed across many technologies , requiring the determined participation of governments .
The `` bad bank '' that was established for this purpose , Securum , needed an enormous injection of capital from the owner , the Swedish government .
Once Europe 's own banks became infected , euroskeptic British leadership was needed to overcome French and German dithering .
The weak and diluted EU Takeover Directive , adopted after more than a decade of debate , fails to facilitate the cross-border mergers within Europe that are needed to build world champions .
Consolidation is giving way to friction , with more energy needed to overcome the EU 's internal problems .
The obstacles hindering its success included Russia 's inability or refusal to transform itself in line with the European model , as well as Europe 's lack of the ambition and imagination needed to launch a new project for the genuine unification of the whole of Europe .
Khaled Mashal , Hamas 's overall leader , who lives under Syrian protection in Damascus , traveled to Tehran , where he received some $ 50 million in badly needed cash .
Hezbollah is under order by the UN Security Council to disarm and disband its militia , but it claimed that even after Israel 's full withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 , it needed its weapons to continue to liberate `` Lebanese territory . '' That refers to a tiny fragment of land , the so-called Sheba farms , declared by UN inspectors to be in Israel , but which Hezbollah claims as part of Lebanon .
But the possibility of attack was of course anticipated , and military planners determined that the only possible response was to counterattack as heavily and for as long as might be needed , until Palestinian attacks would stop , whether from exhaustion or agreement .
It took more than a year for Europe to do what everyone knew needed to be done to contain the Greek crisis , and it still may not be enough . For the approved measures do not provide the transparent and long-term commitment to restoring Greek finances that markets want to see .
Second , the electorate grasped the importance of re-electing a modest but wise and determined leader who understood the direction India needed to take . Singh will open up India 's economy even more than he has so far .
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
According to Finance Minister Aleksei Kudrin , huge amounts of money are needed to resolve the Chechen problem .
But despite global agreement on the need to seize these moments , we too often find ourselves scrambling after the fact , in ad hoc fashion , to convene willing donors and organize teams of experts and logisticians to deliver urgently needed aid .
More is needed than a handful of combatants reintegrated , a school or two re-built , and an under-funded young government lauded abroad but unable to deliver jobs or law and order to its war-scarred people at home .
Before long , the colonies were exporting wood to the many nations that no longer had the timber they needed for ships , casks , shingles , and other construction materials .
To keep the peace in both regions , a continuing US military presence of some kind will be needed .
I needed that hope , for what I saw in Eastern Europe had depressed me as much as what I was seeing in the United States , my adopted homeland .
If more persuasion was needed , we could offer rewards for cooperation - anything from cigarettes to political asylum .
The Group 's report showed that a modest price on emissions , in the range of $ 20-25 per ton of carbon dioxide , would push incentives in the right direction , raise substantial public revenue , and foster private investment crucial to the new industrial revolution needed to make the low-carbon economy a reality .
We believe that a concerted effort to reform football -LRB- soccer -RRB- refereeing is urgently needed .
Given that the elections to the Constituent Assembly needed to ensure their representation , a complex system of quotas was devised .
New data sources about relative impacts are becoming available , and are desperately needed .
Japan 's political system requires the same sort of structural reform that its economy has long needed .
The maverick Koizumi had the personal attractiveness and ideological appeal needed to galvanize a majority behind his plans for a `` fair '' distribution of the pain of reform .
Nor does it hold the two-thirds majority in the lower house needed to override upper-house resolutions .
Because the DPJ has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes , his government will be unable to pass budget and\/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year , March 31 , 2011 .
They will be answered only by matching research efforts and funding levels to the information needed to steer toward a safe future for nanotechnology applications .
Speedy action is needed to restore the sense of dignity of Coastal and Muslim Kenyans before Kenyan Islam is radicalized into a Black Intifada .
Even speedier action is needed to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , both for its own sake , and because its repercussions destabilize other parts of the world .
So unity is needed to rebuild Africa .
Here the international community will have to help , for just as Southeast Asia 's economies needed some protection for their infant industries , so Africa 's may also need a brief respite from the whip of the global market during the first stage of building the AU .
Still , despite all these costly measures paid for by Africans , all the post-evaluation reports on completed projects indicated that the overwhelming majority of projects were unable to generate the revenues needed to service the debts that financed them .
As for sub-Saharan Africa , the `` Washington Consensus '' - economic liberalization , deregulation of capital movements , suppression of subsidies , and privatization - runs against the very policies needed to promote political improvements , a stable macroeconomic environment , enlarged financial markets , and lower debt overhang .
As long ago as 1975 , Gafaar al-Nimeiry , Sudan 's military head of state , stated with great prescience what Sudan and Africa needed to do to achieve peace and stability . `` Unity based on diversity has become the essence and the raison d'être of the political and national entity of many an emerging African country today .
When resources are needed , however , the IFIs are a logical place to turn , and they must show flexibility and adaptability to help their member countries .
But we must guard against the re-emergence of significant imbalances , which means , in part , assuring the exchange-rate flexibility that must play a critical role in allowing needed economic adjustments to occur .
Rather than restoring the trust and confidence in capital markets needed for recovery , those European Union members and banking federations that submitted `` wrecking amendments '' to the due diligence and securitization proposals are reinforcing the suspicion that is now embedded within them .
Much tougher capital requirements for trading-book exposures are therefore needed and will be brought forward as soon as possible .
This suggests that physiological processes underlying depression - the ones that may also lead to structural changes in the brain - are not being completely arrested , and thus that a new generation of anti-depressant medications is urgently needed .
The financial press and many influential economists argue that a major depreciation of the dollar is needed to correct America 's external deficit .
To find out , an identical analysis of its policy deliberations would be needed , but the absence of recorded and published votes makes this impossible .
In the long run , the anti-depressant crisis thus may prove to be a blessing in disguise , but only if it brings about the transparency and intellectual honesty needed to make the medical profession ultimately accountable to the people it claims to serve .
If a political compromise is needed , `` competition '' should be removed as a fundamental Union objective .
The proceeds of the tax could be used in part to fund the much needed expansion of France 's underdeveloped public job placement services .
What 's needed is a more positive frame of mind , and specific ideas about what to do .
Some sort of plan is needed .
Most importantly , the political determination needed to begin long overdue social-welfare and labor-market reforms is weak in both countries .
Meanwhile , NATO can provide the peacekeeping capabilities needed to help rebuild Afghanistan and Iraq .
This leadership will be needed , because , regardless of who wins the US presidential election , the next American administration is bound to ask for greater EU participation in addressing international conflicts .
This is why international action to address both global poverty and global inequality is needed .
Secretary-General Annan has proven once again -LRB- as though we needed further evidence -RRB- that talk is cheap .
Examples include a five-year-long moratorium on approvals of GM plants throughout Europe , and the rejection of badly needed food aid by several African countries -- only because it contains the same GM varieties of grain consumed routinely in North America .
'' -LRB- M -RRB- ost lack the funds , equipment , and qualified personnel needed to provide basic care for cancer patients .
To be sure , good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of H5N1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected , so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures , including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain .
That innovation is `` Golden Rice , '' a collection of new rice varieties that is bio-fortified , or enriched , by genes that express beta-carotene , the precursor of vitamin A , which is converted in the body , as needed , to the active form .
This is good news , but what is really needed is a multi-faceted , aggressive reform of the regulatory process so that all new genetic constructions will have a chance to succeed .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
Brazil also needs budgetary space to accommodate needed investment in social infrastructure , especially sanitation and basic health-care facilities , in order to reduce the incidence of infectious diseases .
So , what fiscal reforms are needed to meet these objectives ?
In addition , a range of civil-service reforms are needed to improve flexibility and increase productivity , while health and education programs require greater cost effectiveness .
More high-quality trials are needed .
What is needed is precisely the opposite : an increase in the cost of child quantity .
In the opinion of Royal 's many opponents among Socialist leaders and militants , the dominance of the media in the political process is leading to mediocrity : the qualities required to be elected are becoming nearly incompatible with those needed to govern .
His votes are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between Left and Right , for he can not commit himself to clearly support one candidate over the other .
Where will the new troops that are needed come from ?
If a European pillar within NATO is needed to strengthen the Alliance , why not accept it ?
At home for example , the badly needed reform of the army has been accompanied by unnecessary malignity , as if a former interior minister imbued with a `` police culture '' was utterly incapable of understanding the `` army culture '' and its sense of honor .
In the same vein , there is a mismatch in Sarkozy 's approach to Europe between the message and the messenger , between careful diplomacy needed to create a new consensus within the European Commission and with countries like Ireland , and president 's rather authoritarian style .
He wanted to demonstrate to his Western partners that Georgia needed NATO protection from Russia , and that accession was therefore urgent .
If Russia is becoming what revolutionary France was under Napoleon , or reverting to Soviet form -- shorn of a totalitarian ideology but with an appetite for conquest and re-conquest -- what is needed is not the `` league of democracies '' advocated by some conservatives in America .
What is needed , instead , is a `` stability league '' that includes prominent actors like China , India , and other countries that are more interested in economic growth than in `` rocking the boat '' of the international system .
For them , the US is above all the strategic counterweight needed to balance China .
Europe is being cautious in the name of avoiding debt and defending the euro , whereas the US has moved on many fronts in order not to waste an ideal opportunity to implement badly needed structural reforms .
But what is needed to reduce the deficit of hope that plagues Europe today ?
These are impressive figures , and the expense is trivial compared to the anti-retroviral drugs needed to treat AIDS , which cost more than $ 200 annually and must be taken every day , not every year .
The `` emergency post-conflict assistance '' -LRB- under $ 100 million -RRB- provided by the IMF after the 2006 fighting with Israel fell well short of the amount needed to rebuild .
Given the staggering amount of programming needed to fill the time slots , content monitoring must be implemented with maximum efficiency .
Many officials -LRB- and the analysts and advisers who support them -RRB- assumed that this magic number represents the minimum rate needed to provide jobs to workers and managers and absorb the more than six million new graduates who spill out of China 's campuses each year in search of employment .
Such an achievement would offer the world a needed alternative to the increasingly questionable model of economic globalization .
The president of Germany 's Constitutional Court openly speculates that , if more Europe is needed for technocratic reasons , it might be time for the people to vote on a new constitution .
The successors to those dictators , however , found this turn of events to be an unwanted complication in their political `` thaws '' ; more sophisticated mechanisms to induce fear among their peoples were needed , and there are few deterrents to dissident activity more potent than the threat of removal to an institution for the criminally insane .
Major infrastructure investments will also be needed if the economy is to be revived .
Macroeconomic policy harmonization is needed to ensure that changes in one SADC member country do not adversely affect economic activity elsewhere .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
Nuclear disarmament is therefore still urgently needed , and prominent politicians in the US and Germany have produced the US-led Global Zero initiative and created the International Commission on Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament -LRB- ICNND -RRB- , sponsored by Australia and Japan and co-chaired by former Foreign Ministers Yoriko Kawaguchi and Gareth Evans .
First , unlike hybrid tribunals in East Timor , Kosovo , and Sierra Leone , international judges are a minority . -LRB- A `` super-majority '' voting mechanism will ensure that the vote of at least one international judge is needed to reach a judgment . -RRB-
To restore calm before a recount can be held , confidence-building measures are needed .
The treaty establishing the ICC empowers the Security Council to delay a prosecution if this is needed to bring about a peace settlement .
But can China be persuaded to wield its influence constructively , rather than maintaining its pretense of neutrality when its assistance is badly needed ?
This means that the pro-Kremlin bloc probably attained the two-thirds majority needed to change the constitution , which would allow it to grant Putin a third four-year term , although Putin himself ruled this out last June .
The trick will be to induce the brain to produce and deliver to the correct destination any kind of neuron that might be needed , so that regardless of cell class , new cells of the required kind can replace others of the same type that have died .
After stalling for two and a half years , the day before the draft constitution was due to expire , the government hastily pushed through Parliament an alternate draft that preserved strong presidential powers , weakened the bill of rights , and rigged the electoral percentages needed to win the presidency .
A global deal on climate change is urgently needed .
Joint action on nuclear-threat reduction must be a critical element in moving the Euro-Atlantic nations toward a level of stability and strength and allow them to exercise badly needed global leadership .
Much-needed capital investment can enable smallholder farmers to provide the private sector with a sustainable supply of high-quality agricultural produce .
In order to lift people out of poverty and ensure food security , a sustained effort is needed to develop Africa 's agriculture and the associated infrastructure -- notably roads , telecommunication , and energy -- needed to unleash agricultural potential .
This version of feminism -- the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home , prize family above all , and view rights in the context of community and spirituality -- seems like a much-needed corrective to some of Western feminism 's shortcomings .
Unfortunately , the funds needed to implement these initiatives have not flowed as rapidly as the rhetoric .
Unchecked , however , these conflicting views could have dangerous effects by limiting the cooperation that is needed to address common vulnerabilities .
To kill so many people , deviants like Hitler or Stalin needed a totalitarian government .
These are precisely the people needed to help foster a vibrant middle class -- the bedrock of a stable democratic market economy .
My hosts replied that they needed to keep up with China .
Fast and resolute mitigating action is needed to avoid national disaster . ''
America 's standing plummeted in Islamic countries , whose support is needed to help track the flow of terrorists , tainted money , and dangerous weapons .
For example , after the 2008 financial crisis , while the US pressed China to let its currency appreciate , officials at China 's central bank began arguing that America needed to increase its savings , reduce its deficits , and move toward supplementing the dollar 's role as a reserve currency with IMF-issued special drawing rights .
The political institutions needed for an effective market economy are largely missing , and corruption is rampant .
The European Central Bank has provided a monetary lifeline that has provided much needed liquidity within the financial system and helped the government to stem the crisis of confidence created by the banking collapse .
Of course , no single government can bear all the costs of the policies needed to correct today 's global imbalances .
NEW YORK -- For those of us who have long claimed that the world 's international financial architecture needed deep reform , the call for a `` Bretton Woods II '' is welcome .
The Bank for International Settlements and the Basel Committee are better placed , but a fundamental reform is needed to broaden their membership and to avoid a major problem of the Basel Committee : its lack of representation of developing countries .
The local hospitals lack the equipment needed to perform many important procedures , like radiation treatments for cancer patients and heart surgery .
If they volunteered to act collectively at these forums , Europe would free up much-needed space for other important countries at the top table of world economic discussions , which would foster greater respect for global policymakers .
Economic growth during the Putin years , combined with the defeat of Georgia -- which was regarded in Russia as the beginning of a great political comeback -- provided the confidence needed to embrace efforts to re-model the transatlantic security architecture .
A new generation was also needed .
Then , crisis erupted in May , when the country ran low on foreign-currency reserves and traders could not purchase the dollars they needed .
Unlike their counterparts in the US , Central American producers lack access to the capital and technology needed for them to expand and innovate .
Only education remains as a future investment sector , given its impact on productivity , but the rest of the much-needed social sector interventions have been abandoned in favor of investment in infrastructure , the environment , regional integration , and finance .
Why does it want to deny governments ' access to much-needed funds for social development ?
Other measures are needed to reduce poverty in rural areas , such as land reform and rights , agricultural extension services , expanding access to health and non-contributory social pensions , just to mention some .
If American officials do not begin to recognize the realities of today 's globalized world , the US may unwittingly -LRB- and self-destructively -RRB- find itself cut off from the kinds of new foreign investment flows that are sorely needed to revitalize its manufacturing and infrastructure sectors .
Politicians are blamed because they did not tighten fiscal policies when needed in order to prevent property bubbles , rein in external deficits , and avert economic overheating .
To ask politicians in a democracy with big surpluses to raise taxes or cut benefits or public investment by the enormous magnitude needed to stave off disaster strikes is to be out of touch with reality .
Consequently , policy interventions that address market failures -- as well as widespread information imperfections and the non-existence of many needed markets -- can make everyone better off .
However , in the Fed 's defense , low interest rates were needed to maintain the expansion .
That is welcome , but far more is needed -- and quickly .
The coordinated rate cut now undertaken by the world 's major central banks begins the process of policy catch-up , but further cuts are needed .
The automakers are also the backbone of American manufacturing , driving advances in manufacturing technology that will be needed if America is to be a world leader in the coming `` green '' transportation revolution .
This design was crafted not only from enlightened principle but from necessity : America needed to persuade people to cross the ocean and endure the hardships of the frontier and , later , industrialization .
To get out of it , greater entry into the economy and politics is needed , but also less demand for quick-fix assimilation .
China must exercise the foresight needed to begin paying this debt now , when it is manageable , rather than allowing it to accumulate and , ultimately , threaten to bankrupt us all .
In the longer term , radical reforms in capital , product , and labor markets will also be needed , complemented by a stronger and more cohesive investment strategy at the European level , aimed at boosting competitiveness and restoring growth prospects .
Thus , more votes are needed to elect a Conservative than a Labor MP .
Foreign participation in the financial sector brings expertise needed to provide more efficient savings instruments , risk management , and allocation of capital .
Moreover , because this type of aquaculture is based predominantly in developing countries -LRB- mainly in China , but also in countries such as the Philippines and Bangladesh -RRB- , it supplies cheap animal protein right where it is needed .
The patterns of charitable donation to foreign countries often have more to do with the salience of news reports than to actual considerations about where the money is most needed .
What is now needed is global enforcement of transparency standards .
The riskiest institutions were not the largest : firms like J. P. Morgan and HSBC proved safer than others , and neither sought nor needed state funding .
Four steps are needed to restart such a process .
Which guarantees are needed to safeguard Lebanon 's sovereignty ?
With regard to the Palestinians , dialogue capacity of a different kind is needed .
The robust diplomatic approach that is needed to confront the problem must include three components .
Other clarifications are also needed . Is Iran prepared to accept a compromise that responds to European and other international concerns about its nuclear program , and thereby gain wide-ranging economic , energy , technology and science cooperation ?
What is needed for high performance ?
All that is needed is political will .
Russia has an important place in Chinese geopolitical calculations , as a supplier of both modern weaponry and energy resources needed to continue its modernization .
Against the background of much faster potential growth , only a minor effort is needed to keep the debt ratio around the 40 % level .
The Fund should propose a conceptual framework for the discussions to be held on exchange-rate problems by providing an objective assessment of the adjustments that are needed , and by facilitating settlement within the multilateral framework .
They argued that the skills needed in today 's global marketplace can only be developed through exposure to a wide diversity of people .
E Pluribus Unum for Europe 's Bank Supervisors STOCKHOLM -- The European Union lacks an efficient supervisory framework for its vast financial industry , and the gap between what is needed and what exists is widening .
But if Russia is to get back on its feet , more reforms are needed .
Much of what socialism built needed to be undone .
But , because hospitals are paid a fee for each service they provide , and better care meant that the babies needed fewer services , the change cost the hospital network $ 329,000 a year .
But this attitude thwarts urgently needed insight into who the suicide bombers really are , what motivates them , and thus how they might be stopped . In fact , there are basically two categories of suicide bombers .
As important , a bureaucratic meltdown is needed .
If countries could maintain discipline and limit spending by their households , firms , or governments , foreign capital would not be needed , and could be re-exported easily , without much effect on the recipient economy .
India , for example , has eschewed currency intervention thus far , even while opening up to long-term rupee debt inflows , in an attempt to finance much-needed infrastructure projects .
Few people are needed to extract oil .
With the help of some loyal -LRB- and foreign -RRB- engineers and enough new workers to replace strikers , the government kept the oil flowing , securing the resources needed to maintain the loyalty of mercenary forces who would otherwise have gone over to the opposition .
Soon afterwards , a consensus formed among many Asian leaders that broader cooperation and coordination was needed .
What is needed , above all , is a covenant among the leaders of the Asia\/Pacific region that will make peaceful dispute resolution binding on all stakeholders , big or small .
It is past time to make those sentiments a reality ; more than a pledge to resolve disputes peacefully is needed .
There is also a strong need for supporting long-term capital flows to emerging economies to stimulate investment further , particularly in their infrastructure sectors , thereby injecting much-needed additional demand into the global economy .
While the public sector will continue to play an important role , given the massive investment required , substantial private investment -- including foreign investment -- would be needed to address India 's huge `` infrastructure deficit '' and the financing gap that accompanies it .
Doing so would not only sustain the growth momentum of these economies , but would contribute to global recovery by generating much-needed additional demand in the developed countries .
To be viable , a state needed to be large enough to defend itself and to constitute a relatively self-contained economic market .
At the EU 's autumn summit , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy agreed in a joint statement that more transparency is needed in financial markets .
There is still a lot of talking to do . Serious discussions are needed to reach EU-wide and inter-governmental agreements , and to encourage the US to move in the same direction .
Strong political commitments are needed to provide the aid that is needed to accelerate progress , and to secure success for the Doha trade round that is so crucial for developing countries ' longer-term prospects .
But a sense of urgency is needed .
The government did not set aside resources while things were going well , and now it does not have the fiscal space needed for an aggressive boost to public spending of the type that many other governments are attempting .
But more than higher growth in income from labor will be needed to boost Chinese private consumption .
Some Americans argued that the US no longer needed allies .
But we need capabilities that are different from those needed during the Cold War .
Even the world 's richest nation , the United States , struggles to implement much needed reforms for some of its most important social institutions -- including its health and education systems . Think how much more difficult this challenge is for the world 's developing nations .
What is needed now are leadership , resources , a greater sense of urgency , and commitment to the long-term efforts that must dedicated to ensuring that the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration are not only recognized universally , but respected as well .
A deeper shared purpose is needed .
Sarkozy is announcing that he is an economic `` regulator , '' not a global liberal convinced that today 's balance of market forces is optimal , and thus that no intervention is needed .
But the original Bretton Woods framework was not built in a day ; indeed , the 1944 conference was preceded by two and a half years of preparatory negotiations , which is probably the minimum needed to decide such weighty issues .
Second , new regulations are needed once the system revives , because if it remains the same way , it will only produce new crises .
First , the public is increasingly aware that urgent and straightforward policies are desperately needed in the areas of pension and healthcare payments , and in state organization .
Of course -- indeed , above all -- in such circumstances the immense investments needed to overcome underdevelopment and the disabilities that it entails are increasingly forgotten by the world of international finance .
This means that the fiscal authorities have a big responsibility : to target a structural fiscal surplus that is high enough to generate the space needed for real exchange rate depreciation .
What matters at any point in time is to alleviate a society 's immediate binding constraints -- another reason why different policies are needed for different places .
Even so , the explosion in the quantity of collateralized debt obligations and similar securities went far beyond what was needed to sustain mortgage lending .
If necessary , the IMF can issue special drawing rights -LRB- SDRs -RRB- to generate the global liquidity needed .
Developing nations also need to enshrine the notion of `` policy space '' in the World Trade Organization . The goal would be to ensure that developing countries can employ the kind of trade and industrial policies needed to restructure and diversify their economies and set the stage for economic growth .
Experts on China differ on the rate of economic growth needed to create employment for the millions of Chinese who flock into the country 's cities every year .
So far , the IMF has reacted with newfound vigor , establishing a much-needed short-term lending facility , which may well need to be expanded if emerging markets come under greater pressure .
The real question is not whether capitalism can survive -- it can -- but whether world leaders will demonstrate the leadership needed to take it to its next phase as we emerge from our current predicament .
All that governments needed to do to ensure the division of labor was to enforce property rights , keep the peace , and collect a few taxes to pay for a limited range of public goods .
Through the early part of the twentieth century , capitalism was governed by a narrow vision of the public institutions needed to uphold it .
The conundrum of global reform is that the proposals that go far enough , such as establishing a global financial regulator , are wildly unrealistic , while those that are realistic , such as reform of the IMF , fall far short of what is needed .
CAMBRIDGE -- The $ 140 billion support package that the Greek government has finally received from its European Union partners and the International Monetary Fund gives it the breathing space needed to undertake the difficult job of putting its finances in order .
Now its economic project lies in tatters while the leadership needed to rekindle political integration is nowhere to be seen .
The poorer an economy 's growth prospects , the larger the fiscal correction and deleveraging needed to convince markets of underlying solvency . But the greater the fiscal correction and private-sector deleveraging , the worse growth prospects become .
Today , they worry about spineless governments unable to take the tough actions needed to deal with the crisis .
The eurozone was too integrated for cross-border spillovers not to cause mayhem in national economies , but not integrated enough to have the institutional capacity needed to manage the crisis .
Politically , too , a similar reality check is needed .
That question is increasingly urgent as wealthy countries-as well as many transition and developing economies-attempt to create the robust securities markets needed to boost investment , productivity , and growth .
American courts in the nineteenth century were notably corrupt , sometimes incompetent , and often irrelevant , yet stock and bond markets grew , and continent-spanning firms rose up and got the financing they needed to operate , expand , and industrialize the US economy .
Some states lacked the resources to pay . Others tried to pay but would not levy the taxes needed to do so .
Both thought that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected .
And Hamilton needed Congress to approve the federal government 's assumption of the states ' debts , which at first seemed unlikely .
So it is a shame that these meetings tend to be so scripted and dull , with so little room for the informality needed to make genuine progress on tough issues involving world peace and prosperity .
First , there is the long-standing litany of policy responses needed to deal with the global trade imbalances . These include greater fiscal discipline in the US , greater reliance on domestic demand in both Europe and Asia , and more flexible exchange rates in Asia .
The biggest question mark , though , is whether Zoellick will be able to hit the ground running and implement desperately needed reforms .
The idea that a big government-guaranteed global bank is needed to fill holes in private capital markets is laughable nowadays .
After decades of vilification by economists for raising unemployment and strangling growth , the union movement is now receiving backing from thought leaders such as Paul Krugman , who argues that stronger unions are needed to counter globalization 's worst excesses .
Rich country governments , led by central banks , should provide the large scale funding needed to stem the run on developing country finances .
Without its own currency , the IMF is poorly positioned to intervene with the overwhelming force needed for lender-of-last-resort operations .
But China 's rulers know that their highly repressed banking system is vulnerable as the country continues to pursue gradual financial liberalization , and that foreign currency reserves may be needed for recapitalization .
Japan may have taken what seemed like forever to recover from its 1990 's crisis , but it is an exception -- the crisis occurred as the Japanese economy needed to restructure in the face of the huge challenges posed by China 's emergence .
But does the Chinese government really have the tools needed to keep its economy so resilient ?
If government investment has to be the main vehicle , then it would be far better to build desperately needed schools and hospitals than `` bridges to nowhere , '' as Japan famously did when it went down a similar path in the 1990 's .
Schools and hospitals simply do not generate the kind of fast tax revenue and GDP growth needed to outperform political rivals .
A giant fiscal stimulus in both countries has helped prevent further damage temporarily , but where is the needed change ?
Since the beginning of this decade , at least a few economists -LRB- including me -RRB- have warned that the global trade and current-account imbalances needed to be reined in to reduce the chance of a severe financial crisis .
The shadow of forthcoming elections in Germany , together with concern over whether Irish voters will ratify the Lisbon treaty -LRB- giving Europe a badly needed new constitution -RRB- , has conspired to impede reform momentum .
Certainly , Europe would lose traction as a badly needed counterweight to the US in world economic policy .
Cheap money from abroad juiced an already fragile financial regulatory and supervisory structure that needed discipline more than cash .
So far , China has looked to external markets so that exporters can achieve the economies of scale needed to improve quality and move up the value chain .
Now , the eurozone countries have agreed that the Fund can come into Greece and , presumably , Portugal , Spain , Italy , and Ireland , if needed .
With credit markets impaired , further quantitative easing may still be needed .
Ultimately , a significant restructuring of private and\/or public debt is likely to be needed in all of the debt-distressed eurozone countries .
There is , in short , ample reason to be angry at financiers , and real change is needed in how they operate .
In any case , the Stability Pact 's death means that a new fiscal framework is needed .
This means that new convergence criteria are needed too .
Of course , most economists believe that fiscal rules are needed to prevent some countries from free riding on low interest rates and running up debt to what would otherwise be unsustainable levels .
Another $ 1.5 trillion is needed to bring banks ' capital back to pre-crisis level , which is needed to resolve the credit crunch and restore lending to the private sector .
Indeed , this was the trap faced by Argentina in 1998-2001 , when needed fiscal contraction exacerbated recession and eventually led to default .
If growth does not recover , the fiscal problems will worsen while making it more politically difficult to enact the painful reforms needed to restore competitiveness .
All successful rescues of countries in financial distress -- Mexico , Korea , Thailand , Brazil , Turkey -- require two conditions : the country 's credible willingness to impose the fiscal austerity and structural reforms needed to restore sustainability and growth ; and massive amounts of front-loaded official support to avoid a self-fulfilling rollover crisis of maturing public and\/or private short-term debts .
Reform without money on the table does not work , as nervous and trigger-happy investors would rather pull their money out if the country lacks the foreign-currency reserves needed to prevent the equivalent of a bank run on its short-term liabilities .
In the past years , such weekend all-nighters dealt with the needed bailouts of private firms -- Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , Lehman Brothers , AIG , bank rescues , etc. .
While the right medicine needed to avoid fiscal train wrecks is well known , the main constraint to fiscal consolidation and discipline is that weak governments around the world lack the political power and willingness to implement austerity .
Political gridlock in Washington and in the United States Congress demonstrates the absence of the bipartisanship needed to address America 's fiscal issues .
Second , a fudged set of financial `` stress tests '' sought to persuade markets that European banks ' needed only ¤ 3.5 billion in fresh capital .
The Fed 's 25-basis-point cut in December was puny relative to what is needed ; similar cuts by the Bank of England and Bank of Canada do not even begin to address the increase in nominal and real borrowing rates that the sharp rise in Libor rates has induced .
The final option is massive , large-scale , and permanent sterilized intervention -- or , equivalently , the use of sovereign wealth funds or other fiscal-stabilization mechanisms -- to accumulate the foreign assets needed to compensate for the effects on the currency 's value brought about by long-term inflows .
That way , if the economy needed another targeted fiscal stimulus in the short run , financial markets would not respond by driving up borrowing costs .
Certainly , the UK was playing with fiscal fire and needed some commitment to earlier austerity .
Thus , the current strategy of kicking the can down the road will soon reach its limits , and a different plan will be needed to save the eurozone .
So , even if these countries were to implement the necessary fiscal and structural reforms , an increase of official resources would nonetheless be needed .
This is needed to prevent even more private debt being put on government balance sheets , causing a fiscal blowout .
Infrastructure banks that finance needed public infrastructure should be created as well .
Appropriate use of official resources , including for recapitalization of eurozone banks , would be needed to limit collateral damage and contagion .
Only such a program can provide workers in advanced economies with the tools needed to compete globally .
Even before the Great Depression , Europe 's enlightened `` bourgeois '' classes recognized that , to avoid revolution , workers ' rights needed to be protected , wage and labor conditions improved , and a welfare state created to redistribute wealth and finance public goods -- education , health care , and a social safety net .
Unless the eurozone moves toward greater economic , fiscal , and political integration -LRB- on a path consistent with short-term restoration of growth , competitiveness , and debt sustainability , which are needed to resolve unsustainable debt and reduce chronic fiscal and external deficits -RRB- , recessionary deflation will certainly lead to a disorderly break-up .
But a much more profound re-think is needed .
So it is not surprising that the number of farmers needed has fallen substantially .
Debt relief will doubtless make it easier for new regimes to proceed with much-needed policies to create jobs , improve infrastructure , and develop human capital .
But , where oppressive regimes are using foreign credit to postpone needed domestic political and economic reforms , that may be a good outcome .
With Fatah demonizing Israel , rejecting compromise , demanding total victory , glorifying terrorist violence , and portraying moderation as treason , Hamas merely needed to prove that it was better at pursuing this course .
As wildly different as the two cases are , Fatah resembles the French monarchy before the revolution , incapable of learning from experience or taking the steps needed to avoid its own downfall .
The party will be able to form a government by itself , but will lack the two-thirds majority needed to bring about some of the big changes that it seeks .
The militants argue that a two-stage strategy is needed to defeat Israel .
He was among the most talented of men , and the warmest , generous with his time and himself , available for students and friends whenever they needed him .
The United States military , appropriately and of necessity , took the time needed to ensure that it had the facts before responding that the charges were untrue .
As free trade and capital movements open up markets around the world , business interests have abandoned nationalism in favor of neo-liberalism . What was once needed to support the national state -- ethnic limitations , traditional culture , and religious taboos -- is no longer needed by business .
The creation of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , together with US President George W. Bush 's recent proposal to add $ 10 billion in funds to fight HIV\/AIDS , mean that the financial weapons needed to wage the fight against this epidemic are beginning to arrive .
But more than conversation is needed .
No one doubts that intelligence operations and police actions are needed to fight terrorists .
Food yields per acre -LRB- or hectare -RRB- are inadequate because impoverished farm households lack some or all of the four inputs needed for modern and productive agriculture : soil-nutrient replenishment -LRB- through organic and chemical fertilizers -RRB- , irrigation or other water-management techniques , improved seed varieties , and sound agricultural advice .
The cost of sending such help would be around $ 50 million , and the benefits would be $ 200 million to $ 300 million in increased food production next year -LRB- and hence less needed in emergency food aid -RRB- .
Equipment and personnel needed to address the crisis were halfway around the world in Iraq .
Politicians around the world trade favors for cash needed to win elections , and they often use that cash to buy the votes of desperately poor people .
Will Morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing Bolivia 's vast natural gas reserves , as his government is rightly committed to do , in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment ?
Fewer debates over economics would be needed if the world spent more time examining what actually works and what does not .
American conservatives argue that a large public sector is subject to inefficiency and mismanagement , corruption , and bureaucratic abuse , while the taxation needed to support it blunts economic efficiency .
We ca n't depend on our political leaders to do what is needed , because many of them are captives or promoters of extremist views .
Yet all of these problems can be solved , especially if we make the needed investments in research and development .
Clearly , a new approach is needed .
Everywhere , politicians , generals , and even diplomats talk of military strategies and maneuvers , but everywhere something utterly different is needed .
Quick-impact economic development is exactly what is needed now to help end the horrific violence and suffering in Darfur .
Two other critical investments are also needed : roads and electricity , without which there can not be a modern economy .
In still other areas , longer-distance water pipelines might be needed .
A worldwide effort is needed to understand changes in all parts of the world .
Finally , Frazer argued that the two sides needed to compromise and share power .
Likewise , new regulations will be needed to ensure compliance with safety procedures , and to assure public support .
Such `` carbon capture and sequestration , '' or CCS , is urgently needed in the major coal-consuming countries , especially China , India , Australia , and the US .
Global cooperation on energy technologies is needed both to increase supplies and to ensure that energy use is environmentally safe , especially to head off man-made climate change from the use of fossil fuels .
The time has come to reestablish public financing systems that enable small farmers in the poorest countries , notably those farming on two hectares or less , to gain access to needed inputs of high-yield seeds , fertilizer , and small-scale irrigation .
A new global growth strategy is needed to maintain global economic progress .
These basic steps -- agreeing on global goals , mobilizing the financing needed to meet them , and identifying the scientific expertise and organizations needed to implement solutions -- is basic management logic .
The adjustments needed amount to a sizeable deficit-to-balance swing of around $ 700 billion in the US current account , or nearly 5 % of US GNP .
Spain created a new MDG Fund at the United Nations to promote the cooperation needed within the UN to address the various challenges of the MDGs .
They address a well-defined and serious challenge , for example low food production or a specific disease , and are based on a well-defined set of solutions , such as agricultural equipment and inputs needed by peasant farmers , or immunizations .
Leadership is needed , within the countries in need as well as among the rich nations that can help to launch and finance the solutions .
In addition to direct help for small farms , donors should provide more help for the research and development needed to identify new high-yielding seed varieties , especially to breed plants that can withstand temporary flooding , excess nitrogen , salty soils , crop pests , and other challenges to sustainable food production .
African countries search endlessly , and mostly fruitlessly , for the small amounts of funding needed for their purchases of fertilizer and improved seeds .
Global Macroeconomic Cooperation NEW YORK -- The world has yet to achieve the macroeconomic policy coordination that will be needed to restore economic growth following the Great Crash of 2008 .
These investments are needed in the short term to offset the decline in worldwide consumption spending that underlies the global recession .
More importantly , they are needed in the long term , because a world crowded with 6.8 billion people -LRB- and rising -RRB- simply can not sustain economic growth unless it adopts sustainable technologies that economize on scarce natural resources .
Governments generally lack the needed technical capacity to design such projects , opening up possibilities of favoritism and corruption when major contracts are awarded . Such charges are likely to be hurled at governments even when they are not true , though all too often they are .
What will be needed is an overhaul of the world economy towards sustainability .
They are hungry because they lack the ability to buy high-yield seeds , fertilizer , irrigation equipment , and other tools needed to increase productivity .
There is little `` waste '' to cut from domestic spending , and many areas where increases in public spending are needed .
Large-scale capital investment will also be needed to re-equip the ports and to re-establish a power grid .
A clear strategy is needed to bolster the key sectors discussed above .
Rather than pushing their households to consume more , the G-20 should work harder to channel these savings to the poorest countries in order to finance urgently needed investments in infrastructure .
On the other hand , US taxes are chronically too low to support the level of government investment that is needed .
Middle Eastern countries should elaborate strategies to improve the quality and increase the length of schooling , invest in job training , establish private-sector apprenticeships , and develop small and medium-sized businesses . They should identify key infrastructure projects needed to ensure private-sector productivity .
Under Ban 's leadership , remarkable progress is being made , though as he emphasizes , even faster progress is both possible and needed .
For 30 years , the US has been going in the wrong direction , cutting the role of government in the domestic economy rather than promoting the investments needed to modernize the economy and workforce .
This is particularly important in the case of AIDS , because the spread of drug resistant viruses and the unwanted side-effects of existing medicines , means that new anti-retroviral drugs will be needed to keep treatments effective .
To assure that , profits -- protected by patents -- are needed .
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
The following steps are most needed :
In the poorest countries , annual health spending is around $ 11 per person per year , while at least $ 33 per person per year is needed to provide minimal health services .
Unfortunately , rich countries contribute around one-fourth of what is needed , that is , $ 6 billion rather than $ 25 billion .
Second , millions of impoverished people die tragic deaths each year from infectious diseases that are preventable and treatable simply because they lack access to the needed health services .
The main problem is that the scale of worthy efforts has been a shadow of what is needed .
Every excuse is made to avoid giving what is needed .
As doctors patiently explain , what they are missing is medicine , because they lack the money to buy needed drugs .
The US wo n't `` run out of dollars '' to service its foreign debts , in the same way that Argentina or Korea ran out of dollars needed to repay foreign creditors during the past decade .
The most important result of the Johannesburg Summit should be a recognition that more scientific research and much more global cooperation is needed .
Once again , greater foreign assistance will be needed .
The truth , as usual , is more complicated , and understanding it helps us to comprehend what will be needed if real peace is to be achieved .
A political response is therefore needed .
What is needed now is the quick withdrawal of US forces , and their temporary replacement by UN-led troops , which will hand power back to the Iraqi people .
The US adventure in Iraq has squandered $ 150 billion over two years , while Bolivia received $ 10 million -- that 's right , $ 10 million -- in `` emergency '' help , a fifteenth or less of what was realistically needed to ease the intense economic crisis and help displaced peasants .
For Brazil to play a bigger role as regional economic leader , greater cooperation with its neighbors in suitable infrastructure projects and expanded markets will be needed .
Chidambaram 's 2004\/2005 budget puts those fears to rest . The document is a brilliant lesson in development economics : it shows how to combine a full-speed ahead approach to market reforms with urgently needed attention to poverty .
Fortunately , a proposal by UK Chancellor Gordon Brown might provide the needed global breakthrough .
The world should therefore start this bold effort by focusing on the poor countries that are relatively well governed and that are prepared to carry out needed investments in an efficient and fair manner .
In order to thrive , and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth , an economy requires functioning health and education systems , investments in soil nutrients and water management , and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport .
The Bush administration claims that more research is needed before any action is taken .
The election also brings a much needed measure of stability and legitimacy to the governing March 14 coalition , which comprises the mainly Sunni Future movement , led by Saad Hariri -LRB- son of slain former Prime Minister Rafik al Hariri -RRB- , the Socialist party , led by Druze leader Walid Junblat , and a number of Christian parties .
But for rebels to be reintegrated into society , jobs are needed .
There has also been administrative action against a few religious institutions for encroaching on public space - practically unheard of since official patronage of religious parties began in the 1970 's , when their cadres were needed in the war against the Soviets .
Whereas the devoutly religious Zia was useful for boosting religious Islamic sentiments against the Soviets , Musharraf is needed nowadays to contain those very forces , which threaten not just global security but Pakistan itself .
To achieve this , viable instruments are needed .
Today 's EU was built on concrete achievements , combining vision and the instruments needed to implement it .
Major public as well as private investments will be needed to build links between various national pipeline grids .
But poor countries typically lack the funds needed to pay such a team 's fees .
Chinese FDI , like all FDI , can provide host countries with a bundle of tangible and intangible assets needed for economic growth and development .
Second , exceptional efforts were needed , involving more than 100 countries , to mobilize the funds to cover repayment to the IMF of over $ 800 million of this debt .
This is needed to address the infrastructure bottlenecks that are holding back investment by companies in other sectors and slowing the development of agriculture .
All this might be seen as a predictable , conservative reaction to urgently needed reforms , were it not for the poor track record of the Sunni economic establishment , which for many years adapted well enough to Syrian domination .
Fifth , NATO enlargement and partnership . Although the Istanbul summit was the first to include NATO 's seven new member countries-Bulgaria , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Slovakia , and Slovenia-we gave a strong signal that the door remains open , and encouraged those who want to join to continue pursuing the reforms needed to make themselves ready for membership .
Contrary to popular opinion , the type of forces and capabilities needed by NATO are not as widely available in national inventories as one might think .
Large proportions of NATO allies ' armed forces are still better suited for static territorial defense than for the expeditionary type of operation needed in Afghanistan .
New stock markets are all too often little more than elite-manipulated casinos , leaving China without the capacity to form the kind of indigenous pools of investment capital needed to power its own development ;
If not all the EU 's members are ready to take this path , flexible solutions of the sort that have been a feature of European compromise in the past may be needed .
On the contrary , events have imposed an agenda on Europe that we can not escape and for which solidarity -- true union -- will be needed .
Even more policy coordination will be needed both to confront the crisis and to re-establish EU norms once the storm clouds begin to dissipate .
Beyond this , more financial engineering is needed to draw upon the creativity of financial markets .
Thus , what is needed is a means to reconcile the task of helping some of the world 's poorest people with that of protecting irreplaceable ecosystems .
In areas such as health or education , the acceleration needed to meet the targets in many countries would be faster than anything we have witnessed in history .
While more action is needed to accelerate progress , a failure to achieve the MDGs by 2015 would not mean that they are worthless , or that aid is inefficient .
What the world wanted was an accurate picture of what the banks were worth and `` mark-to-market '' valuations to guide investors as to how much new capital they needed .
The first step is for some country or countries to volunteer the naval force needed to preserve Somalia 's humanitarian lifeline .
Corporate managers , meanwhile , got the public support needed to resist many cost-of-living allowances that were fueling a wage-price spiral .
But the tools needed to hedge such risks should be made available to everyone .
The types of corporations that will succeed , the buildings that are constructed , and the research and development that will be needed all depend on the demographics of demand .
Providing money when it is needed is essential .
With the ongoing revolution in information and communications technology , the phones and computers will cost less and less , even as the costs of many commodities needed for development grow .
More political and legal change is needed if confidence is to have a more solid footing .
He recently criticized Bolivian President Evo Morales 's threats to seize foreign assets for his failure in this regard : `` Radicalism is incompatible with the common sense needed from someone who governs . ''
This approach can result in large rewards for important inventions -- precisely what is needed if maximum incentive is to be given to people to develop bold new concepts -- and has served us well over the centuries since 1624 .
It should be a top priority for policymakers to ensure that patent offices have the financial and human resources needed to grant business-method patents judiciously , and that they do not award patents to obvious or merely incremental ideas .
Macro-prudential regulators -LRB- government officials who focus not on the soundness of individual financial institutions , but rather on the stability of the whole financial system -RRB- are sorely needed , and central bankers are the logical people to fill this role .
Japan needed real financial risk sharing : charity rarely amounts to much .
But , although Zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the Chechen resistance , an amnesty for him needed the Kremlin 's approval , and he does not seem to have received it , which is probably why he refused Kadyrov 's offer .
The funds are sorely needed .
Across Europe and in America , new arrangements have been set up to pool information about possible terrorist attacks and take the speedy -LRB- and sometimes robust -RRB- action needed to prevent or disrupt them .
Nonetheless , the Lisbon Treaty paves the way for planning and implementing policies needed to tackle crucial contemporary challenges , such as climate change , energy , research , technology , and tourism .
If this is true in a country like the US , with a reasonably efficient infrastructure and the resources to help its citizens in times of crisis , it is even more evident when disasters strike developing countries , because their governments lack the resources needed , and because , when it comes to foreign assistance , rich nations still do not count all human lives equally .
They were in their mid-twenties , earning six-figure incomes at an investment company -- more than they needed -- and were thinking about donating money to help make the world a better place .
The fact that charities were unprepared for such questions indicated to Karnofsky and Hassenfeld that other donors and foundations give more or less blindly , without the information needed to make sound decisions about whom to support .
US Senator John Kerry , a leading Democrat who supports the war , has said that the documents may `` underscore the stakes '' in the conflict , and make it more urgent to `` make the calibrations needed to get the policy right . ''
To address this problem , stricter banking regulation is needed in order to increase the probability of repayment , and hence the quality of securities .
The immigration waves of the last two years to Britain , Spain , and Italy will have significantly changed these figures , but the information needed to update the statistics is not yet available .
But in practice , immigration is often not as beneficial as it could be , because the target country has a rigid wage structure that prevents the additional jobs needed to employ the immigrants from being created .
When the second-round effects hit the domestic sector in the course of 2009 , a stimulus program will be needed .
Unskilled migrants tend to come to Europe , where they burden the welfare state , and skilled migrants are lured to the US , although they are urgently needed at home .
The US , which at the time needed annual capital imports of $ 800 billion in order to offset the near total cessation of private savings , received the lion 's share of this capital .
International equity funds stepped in , providing companies with urgently needed liquidity while disentangling the traditional ownership network . Germany , Inc. is on its last legs .
This will enable low real interest rates , which -LRB- together with bank reform -RRB- is the main condition for the growth of small and medium-sized enterprises needed to diversify the economic structure and ensure a more stable pattern of growth .
But the Americans want a `` surge , '' and the US general commanding NATO forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades , some 15,000 troops in all , and Gates has asked the Europeans either to send or pay for them .
Obama has made it a campaign issue to criticize the Bush administration for neglecting Afghanistan and diverting resources needed there to the misguided war in Iraq .
No intervention by government is needed .
The British privatization program 's greatest influence was in the former communist states , to which it gave the ideas and techniques needed to dismantle grossly inefficient command economies .
Africa needed capital , but lacked savings .
A double round of stimulus packages is needed to counteract the real prospect of a double-dip recession .
Labor 's model of the economy implies maintaining the deficit for as long as needed , and even increasing government spending if the recovery appears to be flagging .
The explosion of derivative instruments has demanded such an effort at understanding that metaphorical language is needed .
Hence , policies are needed to -LRB- 1 -RRB- reduce sovereign vulnerabilities , including through communicating credible medium-term fiscal consolidation plans ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- ensure that the ongoing deleveraging process unfolds smoothly ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- decisively move forward to complete the regulatory agenda so as to move to a safer , more resilient , and dynamic global financial system .
So three things are needed : governments must -LRB- 1 -RRB- cut their deficits gradually in a believable way , -LRB- 2 -RRB- keep enough spending going to compensate for increased saving in the private sector , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- press on with bank regulation .
Rich-country investors earned a higher rate of return than they would at home , and poor-country recipients raised the development finance they needed .
But it also means that fewer units of labor are needed to produce the same quantity of goods .
The choice would then be between limitless technology-driven unemployment and sharing out the work that needed to be done .
What was needed was cancelation of reparations and inter-Allied war debts as a whole , together with a big reconstruction loan to put the shattered European economies back on their feet .
So chirped many in Prague in November 1989 , reflecting the pride and the joy of the Velvet Revolution , but also the sustained effort that was needed to end communism , whose demise began in Warsaw the previous February .
The best foundation for the rule of law is to build an island of legality wherever it is most needed to advance legitimate government goals -- to stop corruption , to protect the environment , to clean up the financial system , or to enforce contracts with foreign investors .
A credible system to manage Indonesia 's new decentralized system is needed .
But widespread sharing is not always needed or appropriate .
We deploy army or navy personnel when and where they are needed but our business is peace-building not waging war .
Clearer priorities and more sensible budgeting decisions are needed .
The EU has had little to say , for example , about what kind of governance rules and standards should guide debates over the much-needed rebalancing between surplus and deficit states .
The doublespeak is needed because the doctrine contradicts American values .
The Washington Consensus starts by asking how big a budget surplus is needed in order to keep indebtedness within bounds ; the higher the interest rates , the bigger the required surplus .
They must turn to the IMF , and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession .
Such an integrated policy approach is needed to ensure that the basic rights of Roma are truly realized in an expanded Europe .
The defining characteristic of the countries on the Eastern and Southern borders of Europe is that they lack many attributes needed for membership .
Individual action plans are urgently needed even before the general Wider Europe Initiative emerges .
International support could help educate 40,000 Afghans each year in urgently needed fields , such as engineering , management , agriculture , law , and economics .
This solution would not only permit the much-needed administrative reforms to be implemented ; it would also bring clarity and transparency to a process that is in great need of improvement .
It inhibits much-needed negotiations with Iran and Syria , because they are states that support terrorist groups .
All that is needed now is for Europe 's people to be inspired by the idea of the EU as the prototype of a global open society .
What is needed is a concerted effort to identify the techniques of manipulation -- and to name and shame those who use them .
A new Bretton Woods conference , like the one that established the post-WWII international financial architecture , is needed to establish new international rules , including treatment of financial institutions that are too big to fail and the role of capital controls .
The money could be directed to where it is most needed , unlike what is happening currently .
Funds are needed to invest in new low-carbon energy sources , reforestation and protection of rain forests , land-use changes , and adaptation and mitigation .
What is needed now is a comprehensive European strategy to address Roma issues across borders .
It is clear what is needed : more intrusive monitoring and institutional arrangements for conditional assistance .
Additional measures , such as `` haircuts '' for holders of sovereign debt , may be needed .
Despite this added task , the size of the rescue package could remain the same , because any amount used for recapitalizing or liquidating banks would reduce the amount needed by governments .
The German public is a long way from accepting it ; yet it is clearly needed in order to reestablish a level playing field in Europe .
The EU has been built step-by-step , with its architects knowing in advance that each step was inadequate and that additional steps would be needed .
Now the world must look to the G-20 summit in Cannes this November to make an unequivocal commitment to the reporting requirements needed , given that important emerging economies such as Brazil , India , and China , as well as South Africa and other resource-rich African countries , will be at the table .
A group of farsighted statesmen , inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe , recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually , by setting limited objectives , mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them , and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically .
The EU 's member countries , and not only those in the eurozone , must accept that a new treaty is needed to save the euro .
A new , legally binding agreement -- not a change to the Lisbon Treaty -LRB- which would encounter too many hurdles -RRB- , but a new agreement -- will be needed for the eurozone to mobilize that power , and such an accord will take time to negotiate and ratify .
A full solution for this problem , which requires new incentives to foster research into drugs needed by less developed countries , is beyond the capacity of the WTO .
Patent and copyright protection are needed , but such protection constitutes a restraint of trade .
A one-size-fits-all approach , the British argue , is incompatible with existing differences between EU states : all that is needed is mutual recognition , leaving the rest to competition and investors ' choices .
This is not so much because further top-down measures are needed , but because market failures hamper the required bottom-up drive .
Specifically , not much more than a decade is needed for the share of global GDP generated by developing economies to pass the 50 % mark when measured in market prices .
The IMF is needed for several key purposes .
These programs are needed to limit contagion and restore stability to the eurozone , pending deeper institutional reforms that address fiscal interdependency in the context of monetary union .
To accommodate the needs of the emerging economies , as well as the interests of advanced countries , a new system will be needed , in which exchange rates are managed but adjusted according to criteria that balance domestic growth and global stability .
All of this is needed to enable the Fund to support the global coordination functions for which it is uniquely well equipped .
The administration needed to see -- and to say -- that the debt-fueled pre-crisis economy was on a dangerously unsustainable path , and that the challenge now , having averted a depression , was to make a difficult transition to a new path .
Intervention may be needed in fragile sectors of the US economy , like housing , where faltering performance could produce another downturn .
The policies needed to do so vary by country and involve structural shifts .
It creates skepticism about whether the net benefits of openness are positive , and uncertainty about what adaptations are needed in the regulation of free markets to achieve a reasonable balance between their benefits and risks .
As the scope of the private sector expands , legal structures and policies that support competition , entry and exit , market openness , intellectual property , and social safety nets will also be needed .
To change course , global agreements that impinge on growth would be needed , along with systems that ensure compliance .
Credible domestic and EU-wide policies are needed to stabilize the situation .
In addition , reforms and major structural changes are needed to sustain growth , and these could be postponed , or run into delays , in a decelerating global economy .
What structural adjustments are needed , and how will they occur ?
But the much-needed structural reforms to limit leverage and contain the risks that the financial system periodically imposes on the real economy -- and the public purse -- have only belatedly gotten off the to-do list , and the prospects of enacting them are difficult to estimate .
One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of a rapidly evolving global economy .
What is needed is coordinated restructuring and policy setting .
Instead , Georgia 's long-term economic success will depend on exports to the Russian market : neither Georgian wine nor Georgian fruit is needed in the United States or Italy .
In a nutshell : the implosion of the brave new world of modern finance , and the economic crisis that followed , was rooted in the idea that free and unregulated capital markets always work for the public good , and are all that is needed for economic prosperity .
What is needed is not rhetoric , but levelheaded efforts to find practical and forward-looking solutions to key issues on which regional and international cooperation is urgently required .
This deterred not only foreign and domestic investment , but , more fundamentally , the formation of the very institutions needed for successful economic development .
Only such leaders can build up the legitimacy needed to unite their countries , and only then will they be able to confront head on the many challenges that the region faces in shaking loose from the shackles of backwardness .
The next scheduled presidential election is not until 2012 , as are elections to the Senate , whose assent is needed for most legislation .
The interim government 's key political task should be to organize free and fair elections , making only those constitutional changes needed to conduct them .
To slash inflation , expectations needed to be changed ; `` anchoring '' the currency to the dollar was supposed to do this .
Better ways are needed to deal with situations akin to Argentina .
The IMF will work hard to shift blame - there will be allegations of corruption , and it will be said that Argentina did not pursue needed measures .
Of course , the country needed to undertake other reforms - but following the IMF 's advice regarding contractionary fiscal policies made matters worse .
But if governments are going to pay the economy 's hospital bills , they must act to make it less likely that hospitalization will be needed .
But things keep getting worse : the deficit for 2009 alone is expected to be more than a half-trillion dollars , excluding the costs of financial bail-outs and the second stimulus package that almost all economists now say is urgently needed .
But back in America , the belief that the surge `` worked '' is now leading many to argue that more troops are needed in Afghanistan .
This approach is not only proven , but it also provides both the incentives and wherewithal needed for lending to resume .
Second , bankruptcy reform is needed to allow homeowners to write down the value of their homes and stay in their houses .
Economic theory had long explained why unfettered markets were not self-correcting , why regulation was needed , why there was an important role for government to play in the economy .
President Barack Obama seems to be offering a needed boost to American leadership after the dark days of George W. Bush ; but the mood in Davos suggests that optimism and confidence may be short-lived .
More money will be needed , but Americans are in no mood to provide it -- certainly not on the terms that have been seen so far .
Since some of the benefit -LRB- much of it in the case of small , open economies -RRB- will accrue to others , stimulus packages are likely to be smaller and more poorly designed than they otherwise would be , which is why a globally coordinated stimulus package is needed .
And , in the past , assistance has been accompanied by extensive `` conditions , '' some of which enforced contractionary monetary and fiscal policies -- just the opposite of what is needed now -- and imposed financial deregulation , which was among the root causes of the crisis .
Recent methodological advances have enabled us to assess better what contributes to citizens ' sense of well-being , and to gather the data needed to make such assessments on a regular basis .
A country with reserves of the new global money could exchange it for hard currencies to sustain needed food imports or other goods .
This much is clear : addressing the plight of the world 's poorest countries and providing the global public goods needed in this age of globalization requires us to explore innovative ways of raising the necessary financing .
Given the difficulty of coming up with even $ 10 billion a year -- let alone the $ 200 billion a year that is needed for mitigation and adaptation -- it is wishful thinking to expect an agreement along these lines .
It was not even clear that the help Greece needed should be labeled a bailout : while the funds given to financial institutions like AIG were unlikely to be recouped , a loan to Greece at a reasonable interest rate would likely be repaid .
All that is needed , he suggests , are `` collective action '' clauses that allow the majority -LRB- or a supermajority -RRB- of a group of bondholders to impose their will on a minority , so as to prevent scavengers who , in the past , bought up small stakes in a bond issue and used their position to extract large concessions for themselves .
More balance is needed .
After all , in globalized financial markets , money looks for the best prospects around the world , and these prospects are in Asia , not the US . So the money wo n't go where it 's needed , and much of it will wind up where it 's not wanted -- causing further increases in asset and commodity prices , especially in emerging markets .
But financial markets demonstrated their shortsightedness in the years preceding the crisis , and are doing so once again , by applying pressure for spending cuts , even if that implies reducing badly needed public investments .
Creating a fairer and more efficient tax system , by eliminating the special treatment of capital gains and dividends , is also needed .
There are many balancing acts to be mastered : a government that is too powerful might violate citizens ' rights , but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society -- or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless .
President Bush recognized that a fiscal stimulus was needed when he arrived in office , but rather than pushing for genuine stimulus , it pushed for regressive tax changes under the name of a fiscal stimulus .
And , with housing prices continuing to fall , GDP growth faltering , and unemployment remaining stubbornly high -LRB- one of six Americans who would like a full-time job still can not get one -RRB- , more stimulus , not austerity , is needed -- for the sake of balancing the budget as well .
But , as Bush tried to deceive America about the wars ' costs , he underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures -- say , for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
Stimulus programs were sold as being a temporary palliative , needed to bridge the gap until the financial sector recovered and private lending resumed .
Foreign ownership of banks was supposed to ensure their stability ; it was expected that foreign banks would come to the rescue of their Argentine subsidiaries if they needed money .
Appropriate accounting , separating expenditures for recapitalizing banks from ordinary expenditures , such as those needed to run hospitals and schools , would make clear that these expenditures are not by themselves inflationary .
As a result of these failures , a global consensus has emerged that the global financial crisis was mismanaged and that reforms are needed in the global economic architecture .
? Greater intellectual coherence is needed .
President Bush could even stabilize the economy , offering better unemployment benefits to provide needed stimulus if the downturn continues .
All they needed to do was boost the stock price , then cash in their option .
US Democrats argued that if America faced an economic downturn , the government needed the flexibility to run a deficit .
Smaller countries would not get the monetary stimulation they needed .
Trade can be a powerful engine for economic growth , and economic growth is badly needed in postcommunist and developing countries .
It is clear that the checks needed to prevent abuse in the Iraqi and Afghan prisons were not in place , and that the Bush Administration had created a climate that made such abuses more likely , if not inevitable .
Bush says that reform is urgently needed , because the system will be insolvent in about a quarter-century .
At the time , there was already overwhelming evidence of a serious problem that needed to be addressed , and data since then - -- concerning , for example , the rapid melting of the polar ice cap -- have strongly reinforced this conclusion .
More debt relief -- encompassing more countries and more debt -LRB- including bilateral debt -RRB- -- is needed .
The Bush administration 's response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that , while they might send their boys to fight America 's wars , they had not only been left behind in America 's prosperity , but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most .
But even if they had had the money , it is not obvious that markets would have responded quickly enough to provide the needed supply ; in times of crisis , they often simply do n't .
According to Greenspan , immediate action needed to be taken to avert this looming disaster , which would impede the Fed 's ability to conduct monetary policy !
Unemployment harms workers , while the lower interest rates needed to generate more jobs may lead to higher inflation , which especially harms those with nominal assets whose value is eroded .
To compete on a level playing field would force these countries to subsidize their farmers , diverting scarce funds that are needed for education , health , and infrastructure .
But he also hired old friends and political allies -- many of whom did not have experience in development -- and sealed himself off from his staff , alienating the very people whose support he needed .
In the midst of the 1997 crisis , a consensus developed that there was a need for a change in the global financial architecture : the world needed to do better in preventing crises and dealing with them when they occur .
For example , when the IMF correctly suggested , after Argentina 's crisis , that there needed to be a better way of restructuring debt -LRB- an international bankruptcy procedure -RRB- , the US vetoed the initiative .
Reforms are still needed -- including an overhaul of the global reserve system .
Following the 1997 crisis , there was a consensus that fundamental reform of the global financial architecture were needed .
The Fund will play its part , but all these actions are needed to reinforce the credibility of the coordinated global response to the crisis .
Yet we are far from having the supervision needed for proper implementation of the rules .
But more is needed , and the Fund is exploring cooperation with regional financing mechanisms , as well as new ways to use its instruments in a systemic crisis .
The absence of a common denominator among EU governments ' positions has hardly been conducive to the emergence of the cogent and reliable diplomacy needed to address the Middle East 's deep problems .
In today 's interdependent world , a coordinated strategy is needed to avoid recession and to return lasting stability to financial markets .
Moreover , productive investments are needed in the poorest countries to resume or sustain economic development .
At the international level , cooperation and coordination among countries are needed to counteract the pressures of the current `` race to the bottom '' in the global competition for investment and markets .
Clearly , a `` new deal '' for food security is urgently needed .
At current prices , between $ 10 and $ 20 per person per day would be needed to reach that threshold .
So what is needed is massive public investment in cleaner energy provision , coupled in the short term with appropriate subsidies to offset high initial prices .
The scale of the needed support is comparable to the Marshall Plan , which committed 1 % of the United States ' GDP per year to help European reconstruction after World War II .
But if poverty is defined principally in terms of the money income needed to avoid hunger , how can announcements such as these be reconciled ?
Urgent action is needed , as the recent financial and economic crisis , following hard on the heels of the food-price crisis , is believed to have set back progress on poverty reduction even further .
But it is counter-cyclical efforts , institutions , and instruments that are sorely needed instead .
Since its inception in 2006 , the Global Forum on Migration and Development -LRB- GFMD -RRB- has provided a much-needed platform for dialogue among states and other stakeholders on issues related to migration and development .
Fundamental political reform is needed .
Larry Summers , the former US Treasury Secretary and now president of Harvard University , once called the single European currency a `` distraction '' from the serious supply-side reforms Europe needed to confront .
What is most needed is consistent and stable macroeconomic management .
Second , the renminbi is expected to appreciate substantially in the coming years , owing not only to pressure over China 's huge trade surplus , but also to the Chinese government 's understanding that a stronger renminbi , despite its negative impact on exporters , is needed to fight inflation .
Although a tax increase will undoubtedly be needed , it is the wrong priority at the moment -- and could prove counter-productive if it causes the economy to decline dramatically .
But that means that international regulations will be needed to limit government intervention , or at least to define the circumstances in which it will be deemed acceptable .
But , whatever we choose to call it , the danger is that the global economic crisis is providing an almost perfect alibi for governments and others in the region to continue with `` business as usual , '' when what is needed is a loud wake-up call .
For this to be made concrete , new instruments are needed , such as a Regional Stabilization Fund , a Water and Energy Community , regional social cohesion , and a regional industrial policy .
It is an example of the methodology urgently needed to initiate a paradigm shift in WANA .
But what is needed now are policies that will allow WANA to join the third industrial revolution -- the post-carbon economy of renewable energy and the fuel-cell plug-in car .
The best way to avoid this risk is for Iraq to raise its level of cooperation towards the inspections unconditionally and show all the proof needed to dispel the allegations leveled against it .
A clear statement from the government , now rather than later , on what contribution Japan would make to any post-war reconstruction effort in Iraq is needed .
Transparency of this kind is needed if Japan is to make a stronger contribution to world affairs and help prevent the 21
So transatlantic coordination is needed , to ensure that any trade of sophisticated arms and weapons-related technologies with China does nothing to enhance China 's military power , and that competition between Western producers of goods that may legitimately be sold to China does not damage Western political unity .
Something similar is urgently needed now .
Not likely . Thus clear principles are needed , as neither self-determination nor the inviolability of national borders can be treated as sacrosanct in every case .
Economic deterioration in Bangladesh would only worsen inter-communal tensions and provide a fertile breeding ground for jihadis , but the reforms needed to head off decline are often blocked by political infighting and opposition boycotts .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed .
But more is needed and should be expected of him .
ASEAN meetings are sometimes criticized as `` talking shops , '' but this time dialogue and strategic leadership are needed immensely .
But more may be needed .
The real question , then , is this : Where are the crossover figures who can provide that urgently needed connection ?
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
But the concrete policies needed to realize this aim are not , since reforming the welfare state and labor markets means more competition , which scares many citizens .
Older tribal and clan loyalties in Africa were mangled by the boundaries drawn , in distant cities like Berlin , for colonially-created states whose post-independence leaders needed to invent new traditions and national identities .
Instead , the decline in Indian stocks reflected foreign investors ' liquidity problems : they withdrew from holdings in India because they needed their money back home , not because it was n't growing for them .
India needed no ethical lessons from a United States and a Britain that have long coddled military dictators in India 's South Asian neighborhood , notably in Pakistan .
Annan named a high-level panel of eminent persons to look into issues of peace and security , while a parallel group of economists , led by Jeffrey Sachs , studied what was needed to fulfill the development commitments made by world leaders at the Millennium Summit in 2000 . In March , Annan synthesized their key recommendations in a report entitled In Larger Freedom .
Developing countries need to ensure reliable property rights and policy enforcement in order to generate the incentives needed to protect nature in the future .
In the case of the US , this requires recognizing that the government faces a budget constraint . For China , it means redirecting saving away from reserve accumulation towards cash-strapped small and medium-size enterprises , as well as much-needed investments in education , health care , and affordable housing .
But this falls far short of what is needed to arrest the currency union 's deepening crisis .
Only mutualization of debt issuance can generate the low -LRB- risk-free -RRB- interest rate needed to enable these countries to put their public finances on a sound footing and lay the basis for a return to economic growth .
The EU must not stand aside when solidarity is needed .
This has brought the region much needed stability .
Yet the EBRD does more than make much-needed loans .
After all , as the London and Madrid bombings demonstrated , a cell phone is all that is needed to time an explosion -- or a series of explosions -- with deadly efficiency .
Greater efforts at infiltrating terror networks are needed , as is a deeper knowledge of the social structures created by the terrorists , in order to block their financial support .
It might even find , along the way , a new and urgently needed motivation to reinforce its fraying unity .
Restructuring relations between the state and the private sector in the hydrocarbons ' sector has provided the central government with the resources and capacities needed to rebuild an extremely weak state .
NAIROBI -- At long last , Kenya is getting a new constitution , something that had eluded our country for decades , even though almost everyone knew that one was needed .
A better analytical model is needed .
So Russia needed to adjust its foreign policy .
Political institutions needed to catch up .
The so-called Gref Program -LRB- named after former Minister of the Economy German Gref -RRB- foresaw many of the reforms that are vitally needed -- privatization , deregulation , accession to the World Trade Organization , and reform of the government , natural monopolies , and social security .
In light of the escalating violent repression of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change -- and of those whose support apparently helped the MDC to prevail in the presidential election , the results of which have still not been announced after four weeks -- an international arms embargo on Zimbabwe is urgently needed .
We believe , as was recognized at the UN World Summit , that military force should only be a last resort when needed to prevent or halt large-scale loss of life .
It must consider where and in what sort of Europe it fits , what balance it should strike between Russia and the European Union , and how it should find the self-assurance needed to play its full part in world affairs .
But diversification is also needed in that country 's politics , because the only opposition that has any strength in the country is worryingly Islamic fundamentalist .
If we are to see a stronger Europe emerge from today 's challenges , visionary French leadership is needed again .
What is needed are clear checks on arbitrary rule , and transparency in decision-making .
New technologies will have reduced the amount of energy needed to power buildings and vehicles .
Because CO2 capture and storage adds costs and yields no revenues , government support is needed to make it happen quickly on a scale large enough to affect global emissions .
Many of the conditions needed for a democratic transformation -- a vibrant and organized civil society , a relatively free press , and well-respected opposition figures , as well as a variety of battered but breathing political parties of different persuasions -- are already present .
Agreement is needed on both the rules and the impartial body to enforce them .
Yet the same EU members have failed to endow the European Commission with overall responsibility for holding member governments to their commitments and , where necessary , imposing penalties for breaches . This intergovernmental approach lay behind the Lisbon Agenda 's failure to deliver the results needed to make Europe more competitive and dynamic by 2010 , and the same shortcomings will bedevil its successor , the new `` Europe 2020 '' strategy .
Although Europe spent last year preoccupied with the financial crisis , the EU 's Lisbon Treaty began to provide the institutional foundations needed to underpin an effective EU-based foreign policy .
An active competition policy will be needed .
Implementing the `` Hartz Reforms '' has now become a primary government commitment that will distract attention and political will from the reforms that are really needed , namely an overhaul of Germany 's social support system .
But if the line is drawn too narrowly , individuals may not get needed help .
The DSM-5 proposes to eliminate the weak `` abuse '' category , but only by combining its misconceived criteria with current dependence criteria to form a unified `` substance use disorder '' category , and reducing the number of symptoms needed for diagnosis from three to two .
Unlike those with physical illnesses , mentally ill individuals often are unaware -- even vehemently deny -- that they have a problem , thus forgoing treatment and losing desperately needed disability benefits .
Now the World Food Program fears that another famine is looming -- the country 's agricultural output will likely fall to 1.8 million tons of grain , far short of the 4.8 million tons needed to supply the meager ration of 7ounces a day -LRB- half the daily allowance for those in UN refugee camps -RRB- ordinary North Koreans receive .
But even that reduced level of aid was disputed by people in Seoul , who argued that conditions on improved North\/South relations needed to be attached .
Indeed , poor countries also often lack the private insurance needed to offer the type of emergency assistance that citizens of wealthy nations have come to expect .
In addition to providing their families at home with a much-needed source of stable income , expatriate migrant workers send home even more money when catastrophe strikes .
Insurance was scarce and the government offered only limited help , providing a mere fraction of the aid that was actually needed .
Second , China 's fiscal surplus , growing foreign-exchange reserves , and high savings rate have ensured the financial resources needed to maintain adequate investment and sufficiently rapid growth .
Once the Chinese recognized their place as newcomers , they had to accept that becoming full nationals of the new nation state was a status that needed to be earned .
They now base their legitimacy on the notion that the Party , which rose to power as the nation fought foreign domination , is uniquely qualified to keep China from being bullied in a hostile international arena , and that only they can provide the stable environment needed for growth .
Eight years after the 1999 NATO intervention , a 17,000-strong international force is still needed to prevent a resurgence of violence , and Kosovo 's ultimate political status remains unresolved .
SCO members showed no interest in contributing troops to the ISAF , but the declaration did encourage `` other countries ... to participate in the collective efforts '' to combat regional terrorism and to `` consider taking part in transiting non-military cargoes needed by ISAF . ''
China and Russia could provide economic assistance and investment to Afghanistan , creating more projects that provide Afghanistan with badly needed jobs and revenue .
Unfortunately , it is estimated that `` attacking '' an asteroid would cost billions of dollars , especially since multiple space launches would likely be needed to ensure that the required number of probes could complete the mission .
Two new councils , each with comparable power to the Security Council , are needed : a Social Council and an Economic Council .
Why are these new bodies needed ?
Across the board , more global rules are needed so that global efforts to confront poverty , disease , and mass migration can be made consistent , predictable and most of all effective .
G-8 governments should urgently and repeatedly undertake quiet , structured , and consistent communications with Egyptian counterparts about the economic reforms needed to bring about prosperity .
The case points to several changes in the way data are collected and released that are urgently needed to determine definitively whether SSRI 's are safe and effective for treating pediatric depression .
Tighter regulation of all clinical trials is needed , as is a public worldwide database that contains trial protocols and regularly updated information about trial status and publications .
Moreover , both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe , and properly designed , non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy .
A single reservoir located in Ethiopia 's scarcely inhabited Blue Nile gorge , for example , could produce large amounts of sorely-needed power for Ethiopia , Sudan , and Egypt , mitigate droughts , and lead to improved irrigation .
It also requires abandoning the longstanding and widespread assumption that understanding science means simply learning a requisite body of facts and problem-solving recipes , and that mastery of those facts is the sole qualification needed to be a science teacher .
Research is needed to ensure that nanomaterials , and the industry that produces them , evolve as environmental assets rather than liabilities .
That means the city gets more green space and retains more of its history without halting badly needed construction .
The `` Russian factor '' will strongly influence the campaign . Greater Western engagement is needed to ensure that the `` Europe factor '' is equally prominent .
In South Africa , the creators asked for -- and got -- a puppet that was an HIV-positive child , since acceptance of such kids was a lesson that local educators told the New York team they needed to teach .
Aid for the environment averaged about $ 2 billion per year - far short of what the international community , first at the Rio Summit in 1992 and then at the Johannesburg Summit ten years later , said was needed .
Firms have responded to inhospitable conditions by cutting workforces and boosting productivity through more capital-intensive production processes and , when needed , by offshoring their capacities .
Except for a fringe of die-hard Marxists -- which can still collect up to 10 % of the votes -- there is a keen sense that deep reforms are needed to come to grip with the high unemployment and poor growth of the last decade .
The problem , of course is that the most urgently needed reforms will hurt a lot of people .
Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek is an advocate of urgently needed reforms , but he lacks a parliamentary majority and is pressing for a fresh general election in the first half of 2007 .
Bankruptcy Comes to China BEIJING -- China 's businessmen have always needed resilience , but now they must become accustomed to the specter of bankruptcy .
A new policy is needed not only in order to halt America 's drift into impotence as it tries to prevent Iraq from spiraling into full-scale civil war , but also because the map of power in the Middle East has changed dramatically .
Abdullah , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all .
Some royals recognize this and know that a more thorough housecleaning is needed .
But , instead of hot rhetoric , what is needed now is a cool-headed assessment of the military implications of the missile launch .
To break this sterile cycle , what is needed now is not more hot rhetoric about North Korea 's missiles , but a commitment to steady , patient diplomacy that transcends changes in the political cycle .
So great care and cool heads will be needed in the seas around Korea in the days and weeks to come .
The support of public opinion is also needed .
Ecuador needed to go all the way to a `` credit event '' in December 2008 to be able to purchase the bonds at bargain prices .
Ensuring that adaptive capacity is expanded and exploited where it is most needed is thus a key challenge .
A more fundamental , long-term strategy is needed to face the new reality and achieve lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula .
Indeed , East Asia seems to lack the equivalent of major EU architects like Jean Monnet and Robert Schuman -- visionaries with the stature and political support needed to begin building a framework for regional peace in a time , like today , of great change .
Indeed , any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right -- one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future .
Two measures are urgently needed .
Developed countries are thus morally obliged to pay partial compensation to poor and vulnerable countries and regions to cover part of the cost of the investments needed to adapt to climate change .
But the political reality is that China 's government favors rapid growth in the short run over the structural reforms needed to sustain long-term economic performance .
If European officials thought Greece needed to be saved , an immediate European intervention in favor of Greece would have minimized the resources required .
If they thought Greece needed to go bankrupt , an immediate decision to that effect would have minimized the cost as well .
With its subpoena power , the Angelides Commission could have collected and made available to researchers the data needed to answer many crucial questions about the crisis .
These are the questions that needed to be answered .
For developing countries , tighter credit conditions and much weaker growth mean that governments are less able to meet education and health goals , and to invest in the infrastructure needed to sustain growth .
