Although the US viewed Musharraf as an agent of change , he has never achieved domestic political legitimacy , and his policies were seen as rife with contradictions .
Force has never worked with the Pashtun tribes , and there is no evidence that this has changed .
Much of the current trouble can be traced to Afghanistan , whose tragedy could never have remained confined within its designated borders .
Given its established linkages with Pakistan 's intelligence outfits , the group was never targeted strongly .
While poor law enforcement needs urgent attention , counter-terrorism is never solely a military affair .
Life in Syria has never been simple .
Iraqi Shia have never accepted Iranian dictates , and many took part in Saddam 's war against Iran in the 1980 's .
The weight of one of the world 's longest-running conflicts is resting on their thin shoulders , crushing their childhood and inflicting psychological scars that may never heal .
And a Palestine divided against itself will never secure its independence .
OPEC has never had market power , but Saudi Arabia has , and Saudi market power has always been assigned , mistakenly , to OPEC .
Indeed , the sum Argentina spends on its diplomats is what tiny Ireland spends on its Export Promotion Agency , an institution Argentina never bothered to create .
All citizens stand to benefit from competitive markets for products and services , but more often than not , the broad coalition required to sustain pro-competitive policies never materializes ; political support simply is n't there .
Relations between Continental Western Europe and the US have never been so strained in recent decades as they are now .
Germany never really accepted Monti 's decision to bar government guarantees on the balance sheets of its Landesbanken , the powerful regional banks .
Instead , Argentina never balanced its budget , not even the budget net of interest payments on its debt .
What we must remember about anti-Semitism is that , although it always starts with Jews , it never stops with Jews .
Although anti-Semitism never changes its goal - to attack Jews - it does change its face , its strategy , its rationalizations , even its vocabulary .
He never allowed himself to be duped by Hitler 's cronies .
China then simply threatened to abandon or never to conclude trade deals with these EU members .
This proposal was discussed at last December 's European Council meeting and rejected , resulting in a reference to `` open-ended negotiations '' in the Council 's conclusions . That wording -- never used in previous enlargement rounds -- may have ruffled Turkey 's feathers , but it was finally accepted as the type of constructive ambiguity that is so often used in international diplomacy .
That 's why the late Ottoman bureaucracy and the Ottoman Parliament included a great number of Greeks , Armenians and Jews -- something you never see in republican Turkey .
The Armenians , who suffered the worst tragedy in 1915 , never forgot nor forgave .
No matter how energy independence is pursued , it will never amount to anything other than an unattainable -- and potentially dangerous -- fantasy .
Europe has never claimed to have the means of redressing all the strategic imbalances that exist in Africa -- nor does it have any intention of doing so .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's insistence that a referendum should be held on Turkey 's admission suggests that years of painful adjustment to EU norms will never produce the payoff of membership .
Concerns in the EU over energy security , fueled by increasing dependence on Russia , have never been greater . Together with the Russian authorities ' expropriation of oil company Yukos , foreigners have been squeezed out of Russia 's energy extraction sector .
Thereafter , rates would rise with market rates , but never fall when market rates declined .
In fact , although America 's trade significance has diminished , accounting for only 16 % of Brazilian exports last year , Brazilian trade and growth typically go hand in hand with the US and Europe ; historically they have never decoupled .
But four decades of military-based dictatorship may be enough for Libyans , a majority of whom never really benefited from their country 's wealth or potential .
But the administrative borders of these districts were never fully established , and they have changed at least eight times since 1951 .
The school was never cordoned off .
Unfortunately , the West never made that offer , and Russian democracy went astray .
The liberal right has never been stronger in Eastern Europe .
The International Monetary Fund has never bet such huge sums on a single country as it has on Greece .
By 1992 , however , over-fishing had forced the total closure of this once highly productive fishery , and , despite all efforts , Newfoundland 's Grand Banks has never recovered .
The minister went on to explain that peace in Europe is today embedded in this realization : if East European countries had thought that millions of ethnic Germans would like to return , `` the Iron Curtain would have never come down . ''
Historically , the Kurds - who are distinct in language , culture , and historical consciousness from Arabs - never had their day in court .
But nor , on the other hand , is it clear that the existing organs of the Palestinian Authority -- especially the security services at its disposal -- will allow a peaceful transfer of power . Indeed , no such precedent exists : there has never been a peaceful transfer of power in any of the Arab League 's 22 member states .
One of the paradoxical results of America 's almost messianic belief in elections as a panacea for all the ills of the Middle East is that Hamas -- the winner of democratic elections -- has gained a degree of legitimacy that it never had before .
The Palestinians , however , never created similar embryonic state structures : an Arab Higher Committee was established , made up of regional and tribal notables , but no elections ever took place .
The Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al-Husseini -LRB- later an ally of Nazi Germany -RRB- , became its chairman , but it never succeeded in creating a generally accepted national leadership or in providing the Arab community the panoply of educational and welfare services offered to the Jewish community by its elected institutions .
Previously , Arab regimes changed through military coups and other sorts of putsches , never through popular revolutions .
It is a right they have never regained .
Having been found guilty -- the conviction rate in China is around 98 % , and is even higher in Tibet , so the verdict was never in doubt -- he was sentenced to five years in prison .
Indeed , bailouts of failed institutions should never extend the government 's safety net to such counterparties .
Tragically , such losses never appear on the profit sheets measured by accountants .
The world can never run out of any mineral resources .
Admittedly , Israeli governments have never liked the idea of negotiating peace with all enemies simultaneously , if only because the political costs of the required concessions would be unbearable .
It was clear to him that Israel was a nuclear power that , in October 1973 , had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war -- a war Sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it .
Peace is never a zero-sum game .
Those in the Muslim world who want to embrace reform must be driven by the conviction that theocracy has never served as a vehicle for human progress .
Indeed , while Hezbollah prospered under Syrian occupation , it never reached the extraordinary political power that it has today .
But the Israelis never believed they would have to give back all the land , while the Arabs did not think they might have to offer `` all the peace . ''
By showing that the United States has lost its monopoly on the unilateral use of force , and by invading an American ally -- which even the Soviet Union never dared -- Russia blatantly challenged the Pax Americana that emerged from the US victory in the Cold War .
Its recent agreement with China on border demarcation notwithstanding , Russia can never be assured of China 's ultimate intentions as a colossal power hungry for raw materials for its booming economy and living space for its massive population .
The meager results of the Oslo peace process are regarded by Hamas as vindication of its consistent view that the Oslo accords were doomed to failure , and that Israel and America never intended to respect the minimal requirements of Palestinian nationalism .
But , while Hamas has never been indifferent to daily political calculations , nor is it confined to them .
But the security that this scheme was supposed to produce could never really be achieved ; the centrality of the Arab-Israeli conflict could not be attenuated .
That was clearly the case with Richard Nixon , who never suffered from an excess of love for Jews , but was nonetheless one of the staunchest allies that Israel ever had in the White House .
Elections and constitutions in Africa -- Zimbabwe and Gabon 's dictatorship have both -- have never been a safeguard against tyranny and human rights violations .
India and Pakistan , unlike Israel , which has been committed to a strategy of nuclear opacity , both see themselves as nuclear states and want the world to accept that status . Moreover , Israel never tested a nuclear weapon , and has unequivocally accepted the Nuclear Suppliers Group -LRB- NSG -RRB- guidelines , which seek to stem proliferation through the control of nuclear exports .
Israel after Goldstone TOLEDO -- Israel 's predicament with the Judge Richard Goldstone 's report accusing it of war crimes in Gaza , and the report 's subsequent endorsement by the United Nations Human Rights Council , brings to mind the reaction of United States Vice-President Spiro Agnew to his indictment on corruption charges in 1973 : `` The bastards , they changed the rules , but they never told me . ''
In reality , the question of what to do in Afghanistan concerns the old vocation of the `` white man 's burden , '' which never seems to die , however costly and duplicitous it might be .
War threats in the Middle East should never be dismissed as hollow . Prophecies of war , moreover , have too frequently proven themselves to be self-fulfilling .
Absorbed by their booming economy , reassured by President Barack Obama 's recent commitment never to let Israel down , and convinced of their success in defeating Palestinian terrorism in the West Bank and deterring Hamas from venturing into another war , Israelis have lost any sense of urgency concerning the Palestinian problem .
But never did the outcast faction actually represent the democratically elected majority .
If it were not for the 1973 Yom Kippur War , Israel and Egypt would never have reached a peace settlement .
But popular diplomacy alone never forces political leaders to end wars and make peace .
Moreover , unlike the Arab `` republics '' -- almost all of which arose from `` socialist ' revolutions or military takeovers that promised grandeur and social justice , only to end in corrupt , repressive regimes -- the region 's monarchies never promised Utopia .
The West , after all , never put irresistible pressure on any Arab regime to undertake reforms , and deserted its autocratic clients in Tunisia and Egypt only when they failed to nip the revolutionary bud .
But historical turning points have never been characterized by easy choices , and human blunders frequently shape outcomes more than human wickedness .
Our Arab neighbors should never be trusted ; hence , as Jabotinski preached , the new Israeli nation must erect an Iron Wall of Jewish power to deter its enemies forever .
And Iran and Syria , for their part , have never been too happy with Prime Minister 's Recep Tayyip Erdo?an 's aspirations to act as a broker in Lebanon , which they consider to be their strategic backyard .
Thus , Abbas 's implicit message that Israel will never offer a fair deal to its Arab minority will reinforce Netanyahu 's leadership as the staunch defender of the national interest against the naïve dreamers of the left .
Left to their own devices , Israelis and Palestinians will never reach a comprehensive peace settlement .
The current flare-up is largely due to the fact that Fatah , encouraged by the international community 's boycott of Hamas , never really accepted its electoral defeat and Hamas 's right to govern .
Three times in their history -- in 1937,1947 , and 2000 -- the Palestinians were offered a state , and three times their leaders failed to meet the challenge -- admittedly never an easy one for a nation built on such an unwavering ethos of dispossession .
At the same time , the governments of Chad and the Central African Republic would never have accepted NATO 's intervention to help resolve the Darfur crisis .
LONDON -- After the 1997-1998 financial crisis , policymakers in Asia 's major emerging markets -- South Korea , Thailand , Malaysia , and even Indonesia -- vowed `` never again '' to be humiliated by international capital markets .
When life and death issues are at stake , a leader can never let the media rush him into acting .
`` I asked French and German leaders , but never received any credible answer . ''
If you have enough money , your Web page can be ranked higher than many others that are more credible or higher quality . Since the emergence of Google , quality information has never been so vulnerable to the power of commercialism .
Indeed , from the start , the architects of the Union 's Constitutional Treaty never seriously expected that their draft would endure in the form in which they wrote it .
Even milestone documents such as the Single European Act and the Treaties of Maastricht , Amsterdam , and Nice , were never envisaged as achieving the kind of permanence -LRB- or even semi-permanence -RRB- that we normally associate with a constitution .
Today , the most important issue facing Nato concerns whether or not to admit the Baltic states -- Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- now , after some delay , or never .
In view of Moscow 's insistence that it will never accept such a decision , this will not be easy .
But because Britain remains lukewarm on European integration , the threesome can never serve as the motor for moving Europe forward .
Even during the Vietnam War and following its humiliating withdrawal from Southeast Asia , there was never any serious doubt about America 's authority and ability to deal with what was then the central strategic challenge , the Cold War .
Rudyard Kipling famously wrote in `` The Ballad of East and West '' : `` Oh , East is East , and West is West , and never the twain shall meet . ''
Earthquakes , tsunamis , and hurricanes can never be stopped .
The disappointment of the majority of Italians with Berlusconi 's rule will be even larger when they realize that this government never presented the facts as they are .
The Geopolitics of Football In football , defeat is never definitive , but it is always passionate .
At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work -- while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
At a time when , in France as in the rest of the world , the chasm between the elite and ordinary people has never been so wide , when the smugness of the affluent has never been so cruelly felt by the less fortunate , Zidane , a son of despised immigrants , became an international star , and yet preserved the simplicity of his origins .
His success was never to the detriment of others .
The Charter empowered the UN to react to threats to peace and international order arising from non-member states , including a requirement -- never implemented -- that signatories provide `` military contingents under the command of the Military Staff Committee , composed of the Chiefs of Staff of the permanent members . ''
This turned the UN from a club of countries that share the same values into an amorphous forum of the international community -- an indistinct body that never investigates the democratic credentials of its members .
Establishing a system of justice that protects these rights is indispensable ; otherwise , there will never be a durable and lasting peace in Iraq .
No less remarkable than the latest discoveries was the timing of their announcement , which came on the eve of a vote in the United States Congress to expand federal funding for research on embryonic stem cells created during in vitro fertilization -LRB- but never implanted in a womb -RRB- .
Scientists generally agree that research should be done within that period -- and always allowed on spare embryos that will never be implanted .
Some never returned from that intellectual journey , despite the collapse of communism .
The old Netherlands , it seems , has ceased to be , never to return .
What we do know that Chinese officials have never faced a challenge of this scale with such a potential to both win and lose face .
We knew that the tinder was dry , but we could never know how or when , exactly , it would combust .
The wealthiest of the post-Soviet states , Russia and Kazakhstan , took similar preemptive steps against instability that never came .
But we must never overestimate the ability of new governments to solve old problems -- or underestimate the ingenuity and brutality of the old regimes .
But US political and economic stability was never in doubt in 2000 , because public confidence in the country 's governing institutions allowed them to resolve the conflict peacefully .
A nuclear weapon is the ultimate guarantee that the United States can never do to Iran what it did to Iraq .
American diplomats are never going to persuade the UN Security Council to impose sanctions on Iran 's energy exports .
As in North Korea , a nuclear capability constitutes a powerful symbol of the country 's sovereignty and international clout -- and would be the ultimate guarantee that America could never do there what it has done in Iraq .
Of course , there are serious budgetary problems . Paying bills is difficult , not only because Israel is slow in transferring customs revenues , but also because promised aid from Arab countries often never arrives .
If , for example , a pathogen is transmitted by an insect that lives in the tops of trees , susceptible hosts will not be infected if they never leave the ground .
Pathogens come into contact with susceptible hosts that they have never before encountered , and that never had the opportunity to evolve resistance .
None of the ticks is known to carry Lyme Disease , which has never been reported in Costa Rica .
As a common sports adage puts it : never change a winning game , but always change a losing one .
As a result , the room for `` concerted action '' has never been so large for individual Chinese to gain access to uncensored information , share opinions , and communicate country-wide to expose official misconduct .
But Karimov has never condemned torture , and he has instituted no measures to prevent it .
In these dying days of serious newspaper journalism , slick television shows , packaged by highly-paid anchormen -- who never utter an original thought themselves , and would never expect a politician to do so -- are the only venues where professional politicians feel secure enough to `` face '' the public .
I have never seen such harmony between the supporters of different nations as in this year 's championship .
Belgian separatists like to observe that Belgium was never a natural nation-state , but an accident of history .
Divorces are never painless . And ethnic nationalism unleashes emotions that are almost always undesirable .
History , however , teaches many lessons , some of them contradictory , and is never repeated in quite the same way .
When the US decided to push Saddam Hussein 's killers out of Kuwait , German protesters screamed that they would never `` shed blood for oil . ''
Yet such projections could never entirely disguise a nagging anxiety .
Of course , multiculturalism 's more thoughtful advocates never imagined that a cultural community could or should substitute for a political community .
The main problem with this idea was that people from Turkey , Morocco , and the Arab countries , some deeply religious and some quite secular , and all with perceptible animosities towards each other , would never have agreed on what should constitute such a pillar .
Widespread economic distress is never without political consequences .
Japan was never formally colonized , but it , too , felt the West 's dominance , at least since the 1850 's , when American ships laden with heavy guns forced the country to open its borders on Western terms .
Jewish refugees in Shanghai , though never comfortable , at least remained alive under Japanese protection .
It is a criminal offense in various European democracies , including France , Germany , and Austria , to express the view that the Holocaust never happened .
Young people do n't know , because most parents have shut up about it , lest they get themselves and their children in trouble , and because the subject is never mentioned in the official Chinese media ; it is a taboo . Websites mentioning the events of 1989 are closed down .
History may never repeat itself precisely , but certain patterns can be discerned .
Demonstrations alone almost never topple a regime , but they can do so in combination with other political shifts , which can happen suddenly . When East Germans protested against their Communist autocrats in 1989 , they were not assured of success either .
Alas , Sgt. Crowley had never heard of Professor Gates .
Crowley never mentioned the color of Gates ' skin .
If too much deference to great artists is the mark of a society that has never quite escaped from its aristocratic roots , too little regard for them is a sign of narrow philistinism .
Without UN intervention in the Korean War , led by the US , the South would have been taken over by Kim Il Sung , the Great Leader , and their current freedom and prosperity would never have been possible .
Even if most Israelis never see a roadblock , the security wall , or forcible evictions , the habit of looking away , not wishing to know , is a form of corruption .
True , once religious institutions take over political power , they are never democratic .
But there was never a dictator , either .
Tight-knit cliques of bureaucrats and corporate officials made sure that a utility company vital for economic growth would never be hindered by strict regulation or political oversight .
Since I have never had either the benefits or misfortunes of adhering to any religion , it might smack of hypocrisy for me to defend those who have .
Prince Charles might have been far happier as a gardener , but this was never an option .
The Holocaust was not the main issue at stake in the Nuremberg Trials . Nevertheless , the allies thought that the Nazi project of exterminating an entire people called for an entirely new legal approach , to ensure that such an atrocity would never happen again .
Murdering more than 60 innocent young people at a summer camp with an assault rifle , after bombing a chunk of central Oslo , is , to put it mildly , morally eccentric -- something most sane people would never dream of doing .
As in all violent revolutions , the morality of the dictator 's opponents was never entirely without blemish .
French intellectuals , never shy of public posturing , are campaigning to give her French citizenship .
However much health improves , it will never be sufficient -- so further progress is always required .
There is no justification for this rent if the retirees ' income is never at stake .
But switching locomotives is never free of risk .
But what has been gained is never guaranteed .
But history never truly repeats itself .
This will never be acceptable either to Palestinians or to the international community , and will inevitably precipitate increased tension and violence within Palestine and stronger resentment and animosity from the Arab world against America , which will be held accountable for the plight of the Palestinians .
It is possible to disagree with Wright and his ilk , but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the US has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath -- although never justify -- those attacks .
Obviously , such instructions would never be found .
It seems far more reasonable to believe that Serbia 's leaders were informed about what was going on , and that , despite this , Serbia 's military , financial , and political assistance to Mladic was never interrupted .
This happened in the case of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic , who , although never arrested , has been removed both from power and the international arena as a result of his indictment in 1995 .
Today , it seems all but certain that Berlusconi will never be elected President of Italy , the post to which he has always aspired .
With oil prices higher than ever , its country-risk premiums lower than ever , remittances from abroad , tourism revenues , and foreign investment hitting all time highs , and annual GDP growth estimated at 4.2 % for this year , Mexicans -- in many ways -- have never had it so good .
Stop building fences -- even if they do make good neighbors &#45; &#45; and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US . It 's hateful , needless , and futile : as Bush said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Photographs , videos , and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs -LRB- including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of his enemies -RRB- have discredited a political elite that , while never very popular , has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed .
The US has never really wanted to include human rights issues in trade agreements ; at best , and only when forced , US presidents have consented to incorporating labor and environmental chapters .
Latin America 's oldest standing two-party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrático presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Party 's contender , finally giving electoral expression to left-wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Photographs , videos , and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs -LRB- including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of his enemies -RRB- have discredited a political elite that , while never very popular , has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed .
The US has never really wanted to include human rights issues in trade agreements ; at best , and only when forced , US presidents have consented to incorporating labor and environmental chapters .
Bismarck was right when he said one should never look too closely at how laws and sausages are made .
Kerry has never shown much interest in the region , while Bush has largely ignored it since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
First , never in recent times has anti-American sentiment run so strong and deep in Latin America . Poll after poll shows that Latins feel more negatively about the US than at any time since the 1960 's .
I believe that Calderón declared this war because he felt the need to legitimize himself before Mexico 's people , given the doubts surrounding his victory in the 2006 presidential election -- doubts that his supporters , like me , never shared .
Another was definable victory , which one never has in a war on drugs -LRB- a term first used by Richard Nixon in the late 1960 's -RRB- .
Uribe has tended to walk back from the brink every time Chávez has provoked Colombia , and has never wanted to go after FARC guerrilla sanctuaries in Venezuela .
Mexican President Felipe Calderón has never wanted to entangle himself in Latin American disputes and ideological confrontations .
Lula also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chávez 's increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning his jailing of opponents , his crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or his tampering with the electoral system .
Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Lula has used his friendship with the Castro brothers and Chávez to placate the left wing of his party , which has never been comfortable with his orthodox economic policies .
Ever since , a country that had never truly experienced democratic rule has enjoyed all the charms and vicissitudes of competitive elections , legislative battles , and rotation in power .
Of course , there has never been any reason to expect the left to be more honest than anyone else . To be sure , socialist , communist , or Castroite movements and leaders in Latin America have traditionally denounced graft , influence-peddling , and government grand larceny by the hemisphere 's traditional right-wing dictatorships or even centrist constitutional regimes .
It never fails .
Human SARS might never have spread to the extent that it did -LRB- killing 800 people and devastating economies -RRB- if the problem had been openly acknowledged , with the World Health Organization involved from the outset .
It has taken months to find this out , but the same thing happened in 660 other local boards : roughly 120,000 votes -- 30 % of the total -- were never made public .
The absence of laws mandating force to block separatist activity has never stopped Chinese authorities from brutally persecuting individuals and groups who have called for an independent Tibet or Xinjiang .
The trick for an immigrant is to always buy cheap , because he never knows how long it will be before a car breaks down .
After all , frontiers are never significantly redrawn at the negotiating table , but only on the battlefield , as China has shown in the past .
The democratic world should never stand by idly while a tyrant uses military force to massacre civilians .
In China , the government is not elected , so winning more votes is not part of the calculation , and returning money to the people is never the choice .
Much of what has been reported is not `` news '' in the traditional sense , of course , but a series of embarrassing gaffes : truths that were never meant to be said aloud .
The hard men of his nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- look likely to do as they are told . But the BJP has never shown any sign of solicitude towards Pakistan 's interests .
Major traffickers never come to trial because judges are bribed or intimidated .
But , propped up by military contracts , those state companies were never well run or efficient ; greatly overstaffed , they produced little , similar to the failed state-owned enterprises of the old Soviet Union .
Moreover , outside of the oil and electric power sectors , state-owned enterprises in Iraq have never been major employers .
For example , the roughly 180 enterprises in the Ministry of Industry and Minerals , which controls all state-owned manufacturing companies , never employed much more than 100,000 workers in a nation of roughly 27 million people .
Overwhelming proof of Croatia 's complicity with Serbia in the dismemberment of Bosnia -- something the media have also ignored -- would never have emerged .
Leading journalists have been assaulted , the culprits never found . `` There is only fear , not freedom , of expression in Ethiopia , '' says one leading journalist .
In the 1950s , the answer was simple : Europeans should never go to war against each other again .
US President George W. Bush never faces hostile crowds in the way that Blair must . When Blair enters Parliament for the weekly ritual of Prime Minister 's Questions , members of his own Labor Party heckle him and ask hostile questions .
Sometimes they never see the desired results .
But the other signs of disconnection also create a highly unstable condition in which one can never tell how representative the prevailing views are .
I never believed that the `` Third Way '' politics that held such sway in recent years had quite the same significance or intellectual pedigree .
The reasons given for the war in Iraq were never entirely clear .
Political decisions can -- or at any rate , should -- never claim to represent the truth .
It must never be a substitute for the absence of other ideas .
This continued for only a few days , but fear of the occupying Soviets never left even as they began to distribute food and set up a rudimentary administration .
Signs of frustration with modernity are never hard to find .
But violence should never be tolerated .
But intervention must never borrow methods from those against whom it is undertaken .
As a person , he never failed to impress his many visitors .
Also one must never forget that we are talking about democracies .
But as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy , Xavier Solana , the High Representative of the EU Council of Ministers , may be at the telephone number that Henry Kissinger famously could never find in Brussels when he wanted to `` speak to Europe '' in his day , but Solana is hardly in a position to speak for `` Europe '' in important matters today .
It will be particularly difficult in an environment in which the sharia -- that is , Islamic religious law administered not by judges but by priests -- is never far away .
But history never bowed out ; at most , it only took a decade-long intermission , with its next act heralded by the terrorist attacks in the United States in September 2001 .
In the new democracies of the postcommunist world , such two-party systems never came into being .
Outside Europe , the `` anything goes '' attitude was never fully accepted .
Violent responses to unwelcome views are never justified and can not be accepted .
The `` Thatcher Revolution '' was never supported by more than 43 % of those who voted .
Moreover , the high-quality population data needed for credible estimates may not be available due to their `` sensitive nature , '' or because they never have been collected -LRB- sometimes the case in developing nations -RRB- , or because refugee movements have made data obsolete .
Labor 's position as an outsider was underlined by the fact that it was never elected to two consecutive full terms of government .
The flaw in this reasoning is that Blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the Treasury early in his first term , and he has never had the courage or political strength to take it back .
So he did what French Presidents usually do in such circumstances : rather than admit that French voters might be right , he sacked Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin as a scapegoat , replacing him with his protégé Dominique de Villepin , who has never held an elective office .
One reason is that a significant portion of Blair 's party -LRB- which he renamed `` New Labor '' -RRB- never reconciled itself to the primacy that he gave to free-market principles over its old Socialist or Social Democratic values .
Of course , as we now know , WMD were never found , and , worse , evidence came to light showing that Blair was aware that the Bush administration was committed to regime change , regardless of their existence .
In the case of the Iraq war , Blair has never conceded that the war was mistaken in conception or disastrous in practice : for him , it was still `` the right thing to do . ''
I had never worked in the financial industry , and knew few people who did . -LRB- Full disclosure : I am now an independent Director of Morgan Stanley . -RRB-
We repeatedly rescued bubbles , and never deliberately burst them .
Joking about Science ITHACA , NEW YORK -- An apocryphal story sometimes heard among physicists concerns a toast , proposed by his Cambridge University colleagues , to J. J. Thomson 's discovery of the electron in 1897 : `` To the electron : may it never be of use to anyone ! ''
Indeed , as has been painfully demonstrated , the old policies were never going to be enough to galvanize Afghan public support , particularly for a new military `` surge . ''
But what was shipped back from America across the Atlantic to Europe -- and what was paid for in imports from Asia with American products -- was never real wealth .
Simpson never met an unfunded tax cut proposed by a Republican president that he would vote against , and he never met a balanced deficit-reduction program proposed by a Democratic president that he would support .
The world in the future will be a riskier place than we thought it was -- not because government will no longer offer guarantees that it should never have offered in the first place , but rather because the real risk that one 's customers might vanish in a prolonged depression is back .
However , the absence of rapid growth in western Europe and Japan is not a great handicap for developing countries , because Europe and Japan were never all that open to imports from developing countries to begin with .
But Rudi never followed his own advice .
The CPS survey was never designed to do this , but it offered the most favorable gloss on the Bush administration 's dreadful record on employment .
Moreover , investment rates in the newly industrialized economies of Asia have never recovered to their pre-1997-8 crisis levels , and investment rates in the rest of Asia outside China have fallen off as well .
However much we may worry about the distributional consequences of outsourcing , we should never overlook the fact that it increases the total size of the economic pie .
And he was stubborn : once he had made a decision -- even , or rather especially , if it was glaringly wrong and stupid -- he would never revisit it .
Of course , such a Greenspan would never have been re-appointed .
But we all know the outcome : while international capital flows soared , the large net flow of capital from rich to poor countries simply never materialized .
All these arguments apply only to long-term investors who can afford to wait out another 40 % decline in values and keep their money invested until perceived risk drops . -LRB- And if perceived risk never drops than you have worse things to worry about than the performance of your portfolio . -RRB-
And large-scale market interventions funded and guided by the Treasury never came to pass on a sufficiently large scale to have any tangible effect on jobs .
A Fresh Start for Europe As Europe 's leaders gather in Portugal to put the finishing touches on the new , slimmed down , Reform Treaty , it might be helpful if they all pretended that the last 50 years of European integration had never taken place .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
The 1960 Cyprus Agreements that created the Republic of Cyprus stipulated that the Greek Cypriot partner could never assume sole control of the government .
Regardless of how much money is spent , it never can fund comprehensive reform of any country 's education and training system .
Einstein 's remark about having `` blundered '' is as misleading as the idea that he is `` right after all . '' The cosmological term is not something that should never have been proposed .
But fighting the Tigers and seeking a peace deal have never been alternatives .
The European Constitution has little to do with this , but referenda are never confined to the actual questions put to voters .
The equilibrium yuan-dollar rate is a chimera not because China 's trade could never be balanced , but because the exchange rate alone does not determine equilibrium . The structure of the entire economy matters , too .
As Reverby put it , `` I 'd spent nearly two decades explaining that there had been no inoculation at Tuskegee , that while the PHS had used deplorable ethics , they had never infected anyone with syphilis . ''
First , even if the trials proved favorable , Trovan was never intended for sale in Africa , but rather for the US and European markets .
Yet that renaissance never seems to come .
So when Serbian politicians seek public support to extradite indicted Serbs to the Hague , they never say that justice demands such an action or that the Hague is providing a necessary national moral catharsis .
But it will never come close to an absolute majority .
Djindjic remained pragmatic , never doctrinaire .
But the one certain success of Djindjic 's era is that they will never return to power .
How can you match up something that 's never been found ?
Even one of the most studied organisms , E. coli , has an abundance of genes whose function has never been found .
America 's Congress has never had much sympathy for the IMF .
Surely not Japan now ; one is inclined to say , never .
At a downturn 's bottom things never look good .
America demands that Iraq meet three criteria - promoting regional stability , ending its pursuit of weapons of mass destruction , and ending suppression of its own people - to which Saddam will never assent .
So far , the dollar remains strong relative to Europe -- not very strong , a rate of $ 1.10 for the Euro was never an equilibrium rate -- but it was sustained by US relative growth performance and by the image of a US as the world 's economic superstar .
On one side , there is the carrot of living and earning like a US resident . On the other , there 's the stick of probably never becoming a citizen .
Seventy-five percent of crimes are not reported due to lack of trust in the authorities , and 98 % of crimes are never resolved or punished .
But the differences between Europe 's economies were never so dramatic as to form an insurmountable barrier to embarking upon the most ambitious project of all : adopting a common currency .
The price will never drop , because Microsoft will just roll out a new system , again at high profit margins .
Sarkozy 's popularity is hitting new lows , and Strauss-Kahn 's friends say that he has never made a secret of his political ambitions .
This will never apply to Europe to a similar degree , given cultural and linguistic barriers .
But the French never explained exactly how restoration of the gold standard might be accomplished , or how it would translate into price and economic stability , given gold markets ' volatility and the disastrous consequences of the gold standard -- not least in France -- in the 1930 's .
Special Drawing Rights never became an attractive alternative to the dollar , only modestly supplementing dollars and other national units in international use .
BERKELEY -- There has never been a question about the ultimate purpose of the Chiang Mai Initiative -LRB- CMI -RRB- , the system of Asian financial supports created in 2000 in that Thai city .
Its credits and swaps have never been activated .
But the Yes backers could never articulate clearly why people should vote in favor of the Treaty .
Then again , it probably could not have done otherwise -- just as our once-agile rescue vessel never really had the choice of remaining safely in port .
Imagine Bush parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generation 's Hitler .
The protocols never mention names , but they give the number of those who were shot on a specific date , classified by gender , e.g. 20 men , seven women .
But make no mistake : Putin 's popularity ratings relied not on his vigor , humor , or mystique , but on salaries and credits that Russians had never enjoyed before .
But Putin never lost control over the governmental apparatus , and the prospect of his regaining the presidency never dimmed .
Such a bleak diagnosis of Russia 's ills could never be the basis for a Kremlin-sponsored political party .
Rabin 's murder was a catastrophe from which the peace process has never recovered .
But being on the wrong side of history is never a comfortable position .
With progress like this , it is no longer fanciful to hope that never again will there be another Holocaust , Cambodia , Rwanda , or Srebrenica .
Given the complexity and sensitivity of the issues -- never more so than when military action is an option -- it is not surprising that the responsibility to protect remains a work in progress .
Libya passes , as would most other recent cases : had oil -- or regime change -- been the primary motivation , the Arab League and the Security Council would never have endorsed military intervention .
But he 's always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear-weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
The media are never more enthusiastic about free speech than when they see it reddening the faces , with rage or humiliation , of those in power .
The bubble bursts in Japan 's economy in the early 1990 's , and the Southeast Asian economies later in the decade , provided a neighborly lesson to stop believing that bubbles never burst .
Without relatively high savings , a developing country like China may never catch up .
Thus , regional disparities in terms of economic prosperity may never narrow ; indeed , they could often widen .
Lanzhou , the capital city of Gansu province in the west , might never catch up with Suzhou , a well-known manufacturing base near Shanghai .
But , although the hukou system may prevent rural people from enjoying some urban benefits and public services , such as public education , health care , or employment insurance , it has never kept rural laborers from moving into cities .
But land can never be sold or mortgaged , and its use can not be changed from farming to other commercial purposes without government permission .
China has never been a positive factor in American politics ; so , from its perspective , the less it is mentioned in this US election season , the better .
The international community must be guided in their actions by a common conviction that violence is never a viable solution .
However , indiscriminate use of force and continued occupation will never give Israel lasting security .
Unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
The US has never had a no-first-strike policy , but it has likewise never had a policy such as that embodied in the Nuclear Policy Review .
But that slogan has never been a guide to official US action in international markets .
So the EU can never be safe from a rising right .
Yet the Sudanese government never follows through on its repeated promises to do so .
Instead , it has helped Iran to gain a regional ascendancy that the country could never have achieved on its own .
The black , red , and gold German tricolor adorns the entire country as never before , but almost nowhere are there nationalist undertones .
Still , as the wise saying goes , better late than never !
So one should never give up hope , even when hope seems impossible to sustain .
· Iran 's hegemonic ambitions have been unleashed , and the country has been helped to a strategic position that it could never have reached on its own .
The United States ' enemies have been strengthened , and Iran -- despite being branded as a member of the so-called `` axis of evil '' -- has been catapulted into regional hegemony . Iran could never have achieved this on its own , certainly not in such a short time .
That Iran -- a country whose president never tires of calling for Israel 's annihilation and that threatens Israel 's northern and southern borders through its massive support of proxy wars waged by Hezbollah and Hamas -- might one day have missiles with nuclear warheads is Israel 's worst security nightmare .
But Europe must never accept a renewal of Russian great power politics , which operates according to the idea that might makes right .
The Ottomans , the British , decolonization , the Cold War , numerous American Presidents , and even more international mediators have come and gone , but the parameters of this conflict and the inability to find a solution never seem to change .
It must never be forgotten that the EU is a project designed for mutual economic progress .
Twenty Years After the Wall BERLIN -- Those who witnessed that night 20 years ago in Berlin , or elsewhere in Germany , will never forget what happened -- the night the Wall came down .
This was never more obvious than in the deciding days and weeks of the global financial crisis .
In any case , the Maastricht rules were never designed for a perfect storm like the one triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 .
For centuries , Russia , Iran , and Turkey have been regional rivals , never allies .
Objectively , the trend is indeed towards a `` German Europe , '' which will never work .
The ensuing damage for Germany and its international standing is plain to see : never has Germany been more isolated .
Of course , the NPT has repeatedly been violated or circumvented by states that never subscribed to it .
Energizing Europe In France 's pre-presidential electoral campaign , European affairs are mentioned or whispered , but almost never debated .
As a matter of fact , a case can be made that the French will never come to believe that the state lacks power , globalization or no globalization .
The world 's different legal systems have never been in much agreement about the boundaries of free speech .
The Germans , as one quip puts it , will never forgive the Jews for Auschwitz .
Winning a Prize has never been an automatic process , a reward that comes for having attained a magical level of achievement .
Unambiguous , impartial criteria for selecting a winner were not at hand -- and never will be .
Reviving Europe 's Universities COPENHAGEN &#45; &#45; Writing at home sometime ago , with Wimbledon on TV in the background , it occurred to me that just as Britain hosts the world 's top tennis tournament but never wins it , so we Europeans are in a similar situation with education .
The first symptoms typically appear in a person 's mid-twenties , and many people never fully recover .
Ten years ago , Samuel Huntington argued that the fault lines of world politics in the post-Cold War era are mainly cultural - a `` clash of civilizations '' defined by five or six major cultural zones that can sometimes co-exist but will never converge , because they lack shared values .
Long before you have a liberal democracy , you have to have a functioning state -LRB- something that never disappeared in Germany or Japan after they were defeated in World War II -RRB- .
The End of History was never linked to a specifically American model of social or political organization .
Finally , I never linked the global emergence of democracy to American agency , and particularly not to the exercise of American military power .
But coercive regime change was never the key to democratic transition .
After all , the very success of that attack meant that such limited intervention could never be repeated , because would-be proliferators learned to bury , hide , or duplicate their nascent weapons programs .
Science , and the behavior of scientists , has never been perfect .
And , indeed , they share one thing in common : the fight never ends .
They may control the streets and monasteries , but they will never be able to control our hearts and our determination .
Russia 's unhappy status as a democratizing , but still potentially threatening , former superpower , played a role , as did its huge energy reserves , which is why China , incomparably more powerful economically but politically beyond the pale , was never invited to join .
But there is a key difference : whereas the economic stagnation and world-wide inflation of the 1970 's originated in the supply cartel of hydrocarbons producers , now it is the Asian latecomers in the process of industrialization that are driving growth , and inflation is a constant threat that never materializes .
As one young Arab told me when describing his homeland : `` The country never invests in the young , we have no place , we are not wanted .
Even so , the possibility of reform has never been closer because Iran 's huge and young population demands it .
Deeper social disparities should never be viewed as the inevitable price of rapid growth , and more egalitarian outcomes in education , health , and gender should not be considered `` second-stage '' reforms .
Interest groups for or against the euro project were never able to coalesce and harden into fixed proponents or opponents because both the economic benefits and costs imposed by the euro are diffuse .
This is not an evil which I can decide once and for all to repudiate and never to embrace again , as I was able to do with fornication . ''
And yet , while the incremental reduction of barriers to cross-border flows of capital , goods , and services has been a major achievement of recent decades , international migration has never been more strictly controlled .
But , in yet another sign of Chile 's transformation , the right-wing candidate that Bachelet defeated , Sebastián Piñera , is a liberal entrepreneur who has never hidden his rejection of Pinochet and his dictatorship .
If there is an exception française , it is that for the past 30 years , the unemployment rate has never fallen below 8.5 % .
International economic agreements have never been easy to make .
I have lived in Europe all my life , mostly in Belgium , but never in Ireland , and I have never voted , despite the fact that the Maastricht treaty entitles me to vote both in European elections and in Belgium 's local elections .
Moreover , fruit flies exhibit this complexity under conditions in which `` nurture '' is kept constant -- a condition that is never true of humans .
Without a thriving private sector , poverty will never be defeated .
BRUSSELS -- Europe 's leaders never tire of reminding their constituencies , almost like a mantra , that the major emerging-market countries are overturning the existing global economic order .
The US economy is still rather closed -LRB- imports and exports account on average for only about 15 % of GDP -RRB- , and historically exports have never been the main engine of its growth .
This also implies that Eurobonds will never constitute the silver bullet that some had hoped would solve Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis .
Indeed , with a few exceptions -LRB- essentially Germany and Japan -RRB- , housing prices have risen almost everywhere to levels never seen before .
The Zionist project of creating a Jewish state in Palestine entails a return of the Jewish people to their ancestral homeland , a land in which Jews lived since biblical times and which the Diaspora never abandoned .
The old never make good heroes .
They talk only to state-controlled media and never hold press conferences .
France never engaged enthusiastically in the enlargement process , while the creation of the euro led to serious Franco-German tensions between1993 and 1999 .
Some pockets of humanitarian need remain , but the massive crisis that was anticipated thankfully never materialized .
Order never just emerges ; it is the result of conscious efforts by the most powerful entities in the world .
It is never possible to satisfy the demands of all protesters , and regimes should not try .
Moreover , US policy must create an environment in which a rising China is never tempted to use its growing power coercively -- within or outside the region .
Moreover , mere elections should never be confused with democracy .
Foreign banks could never hope to achieve such comprehensive coverage without a local partner .
If applied , bank capital will be scarcer , the flow of credit slower , and bank fees higher in countries with pretty stable financial sectors , simply because others have spent a fortune to support their financial systems -- and because the European Commission never misses an opportunity to unify rules across the EU .
There may have been some truth to this in the past , although never to the extent that many Cypriots believe .
This majority will never rise in support of an American-organized coup or surgical strikes .
Such theories , however , always seem to explain the last crisis but never successfully predict the next one .
Of course , paradise never comes , and -- naturally - disappointment follows .
Yes , there are some alarming elements in Russian policy , mostly because Russia has never really known where it begins and where it ends .
Political violence that creates the impression of mere street crime is never easy to prove , unlike jail terms of several years , and therefore it does not receive due attention from the world .
We must never forget the seemingly anonymous victims of Castro 's `` acts of rejection . ''
Moreover , according to the new constitution that was supposedly `` approved '' by the `` referendum , '' Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , who has never been prosecuted and still remains under house arrest , is barred from standing in the 2010 general elections under the pretext that her deceased husband was British .
The Palestinian people will never abandon their national struggle .
Both Israelis and Palestinians must understand that the mere application of force will never be enough to achieve their long-term ends .
The disappearance of Vasyl Klymentyev , the editor-in-chief of Novyi Styl , a newspaper which focuses heavily on corruption in the Kharkiv region , has never been fully investigated .
Saudi Arabia , a self-proclaimed bulwark of Islamic conservatism , where popular democracy has never been considered a legitimate form of rule , has been more aggressive in some arenas than in others .
How to do this is left up to the new leaders , who are often credited with goodness and powers of persuasion they never had and never will have .
A few months of politics will never overcome a few centuries of sociology .
The possibility that the Palestinians are capable of deliberate decisions , that they have adopted policies which may have contributed to the current situation , or that they have exercised their own forms of power and violence , is , in this framework , never admitted .
Hamas was never mentioned in either of the university unions ' motions .
We had anticipated this moment and agreed in advance that , while we would never ask to meet with Karadzic and Mladic , if Milosevic offered such a meeting , we would accept -- but only once , and only under strict guidelines that would require Milosevic to be responsible for their behavior .
Two months later , the war would end at Dayton , never to resume .
A presidency that , having dismantled traditional checks and balances , is never compelled to provide coherent reasons for its policies , is soon likely to have few coherent reasons for its policies .
LONDON -- In this , the United Nations ' International Year of Biological Diversity , and with the Convention on Biological Diversity meeting in Japan , it is clear that the environmental challenges we face are severe and increasing , and that the need for action has never been more urgent .
To state the obvious , military\/political occupations and international oversight of a country are never welcome to the people who are being occupied and\/or overseen .
Worst of all , the OSCE 's bureaucratic nature means that it will never have an incentive to leave because the first duty of a bureaucracy is to perpetuate itself .
The rehabilitation of the Qaddafi regime has never included any push to ease political repression in Libya .
The country had a total population of 26.8 million , and now nearly 13 % of them are displaced ; many may never return .
To be sure , the Saudi system is still worlds away from being a Westminster-style democracy ; indeed , it will probably never become one .
Their principles remain untested ideals , never forced to confront the practical realities of governance .
Yes , we needed external assistance , but we never surrendered `` ownership '' of the reform process ; we made it work for us .
Scientific knowledge is never final , but it evolves continuously .
This statement by the late Nobel laureate Milton Friedman has never lost its validity .
The ECB has never claimed that its strategy is the ultimate solution to the challenges monetary policy is confronted with .
But it was never intended to do that .
At the same time , the ECB never lost sight of its main goal -- maintaining price stability .
Moreover , Barack Obama 's insistence that Iraq has never constituted a central front in the war on terror insults the memory of tens of thousands -- perhaps hundreds of thousands -- of Iraqi civilians and US troops murdered by al-Qaeda 's suicide bombers since 2003 .
To be fair , McCain never suggested that US troops will wage 100 years of war , as some of his critics claim .
While some Shia who were prominent allies of the Baathist regime hold positions of great influence in the `` new '' Iraq , Sunnis will never know when they will be shut out of the process , especially if they become too powerful .
So , as `` euroland '' risks breaking up over the Greek crisis , musically-versed economists recall the cryptic last line of that 1970 's pop song `` Hotel California '' by the Eagles : `` You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave . ''
Of course , history -- particularly financial history -- never repeats itself exactly .
Sometimes people who are taken into Uzbek custody are never heard from again .
Our only hope of getting out of this prison is that another country decides to provide safe haven to men like us -- men who did nothing wrong and never should have been detained here in the first place .
Fifty years earlier , Jean-Baptiste Lamarck had suggested that living things are products of a long historical process of transformation . But the evolutionary mechanisms he proposed , which included the inheritance of characteristics induced by the environment , never found favor .
Germany 's post-1949 Federal Republic was accustomed to being regarded as Europe 's great economic success story , but it never really recovered from the post-unification recession of the early 1990 's , with growth sluggish to non-existent .
Last year , President Obama 's chief of staff Rahm Emanuel remarked that a good crisis should never be wasted .
Conventional wisdom claims that incumbent parties and politicians are punished by voters in times of economic distress . Throughout the campaign there was never any doubt about the position or tpopularity of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
The interwar Depression led to the disintegration of liberal economic and political values . In Germany in 2009 not only was there was no swing to political extremism of the right : there was no sign of any support for a radical right . In the elections for regional parliaments , the small radical right parties -LRB- which have never been a feature of national politics -RRB- simply disappeared .
Some participants thought they had agreed to a sort of semi-fixing of exchange rates in the form of target zones , but the powerful German Bundesbank never shared that interpretation .
But inflation targeting was never an obvious concept , and the financial crisis has discredited it .
In 1974 , the touted Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition never materialized , as the Liberal Democrats were wary of hitching their fortunes to an unpopular and discredited politician .
Both major parties are appealing to the political center , but they will never be as convincing as a political party that really is in the political center , and that is unencumbered by the scandals attached to the past exercise of power .
Kindleberger , a kind and well-meaning man , could never see that the world is never entirely grateful to the country that saves it .
The global hegemon has never been loved by its neighbors .
Although the major Italian banks were constructed on the same model as the German and Austrian banks whose collapse had ignited the global conflagration , and although the Italian banks were just as insolvent , the press never discussed these unpleasant problems .
The really large currencies -- the dollar , the euro , and the yen -- were never managed explicitly or solely on this principle .
He was sent to Washington as a consolation prize , and was never very happy there .
`` Quiet baby syndrome , '' for example , when mothers praise their babies for never crying , is now considered a warning sign for methyl mercury-induced brain damage in children .
In countries with good information about tobacco risks , by the time child smokers become adults , more than 80 % wish they never started .
The real criminals , the officers of the companies -- Nortel , Cisco , and Sun Microsystems -- that built this sinister system of mind control , will never get closer to a prison than China 's five-star hotels .
Issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary , but the Fed might conclude otherwise , because the US has never been in this situation before , credit is now imploding , and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared .
Social welfare systems are shaking as never before . Not only in Europe , but in parts of North and South America , and Asia as well .
Should he never have recommended the war , or presided over it in the first place , and should there never been an American war in Vietnam ?
Wilson , Hitler , and Obama are linked by a chain of highly permissive association altogether typical of conspiracy theorizing in general , and of its anti-Semitic variety in particular : Wilson was a `` progressive '' ; some progressives dabbled in eugenics -LRB- never mind that some conservatives did as well -RRB- ; the eugenics movement influenced Hitler ; Obama , too , is a progressive .
Any night , the military 's agents can come for you , take you away , and make sure you are never heard from again .
We never knew when we woke up each morning what would happen .
Yet the pressure for fundamental change -- particularly of Article 9 , which putatively pledges that Japan will never maintain armed forces -- is such that there is a real chance that these obstacles can and will be overcome .
But the recent arrest and threatened deportation of Annadurdy Hadjiev , a dissident from Turkmenistan who sought refuge here , suggests that some things never change .
Immeasurably larger damage will be done to Ukraine : it will lose a vital partner , one that perhaps has not always been ideal , but that nonetheless has never inflicted any damage and has never allied with other countries against it .
Although the Cold War in Europe was declared over , the truth is , it never really finished .
For , while Russia 's elite never considered itself defeated in the Cold War , the West essentially treated Russia as a defeated country -- an attitude symbolized by NATO 's eastward expansion , which laid a deep foundation for ongoing tension .
After all , it worked successfully for decades : the unprecedented geostrategic , military , and ideological confrontation of the Cold War never escalated into open , head-to-head warfare .
Such hypocrisy would be laughable if global economic conditions were n't so dire that even countries that once swore never again to deal with the IMF have returned to its door , cap in hand .
Experts would remind us that Kazakhstan had never been a country , and that Ukrainian claims to independence are historically dubious .
Political maps are never carved in stone .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has never been happy about the status of the Iranian presidency -- neither during his own tenure , from 1981-1989 , nor during the terms of his three successors .
Khamenei has never been willing to tolerate a president with a large independent power base .
The history of the Islamic Republic indicates that the power struggle between the Supreme Leader and the president never abates .
But , as opponents of industrial policy are right to remind us , freebies never lead to a good outcome .
Diplomacy , in its traditional form , was never Russia 's strong suit .
But Yeltsin could never get over Russia 's lost superpower status ; his periodic growls to assert Russia 's wounded pride ultimately made him seem unreliable .
Even North Korea 's erratic leader , the hermit Kim Jong Il , who never travels outside his country , has visited Putin twice in recent years .
Indeed , anybody hoping for an obvious clash of left and right during the recent presidential election campaign was bound to be disappointed , because the answer to the second question is even more emphatic today : President Putin 's re-election was never in doubt .
Like a bad driver , a nation that looks left and right but never ahead is bound to crash .
Although he opposed America 's use of force against Iraq and Serbia in the 1990 's , his government never formally abandoned the sanctions regime against either country .
But Yeltsin himself never succeeded in fully throwing off the intellectual shackles of the past .
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the son .
Yet perhaps one day we Russians will escape our false dreams , and when that day comes , the heroic Solzhenitsyn , the Solzhenitsyn who could never surrender or be corrupted , will be restored to us .
But Khrushchev never envisioned the breakup of the Soviet empire as part of his thaw .
Over the years , a mutual friend often tried to introduce me to General Király , but , to my regret , that meeting never happened .
He tried to humanize it and undo the cruelty of Stalinist orthodoxy , but never doubted that the Leninist system was the way of the future .
KGB Petroleum MOSCOW -- There is one key thing to keep in mind when talking about Russia : despite what you see on the surface , it never really changes .
Buildings , fashions , and even regimes -LRB- at least in name -RRB- may change , but the country 's core , its secret-police-state legacy , is never far from the surface .
His criminal record is often noted , but the particular crimes that sent him to prison are never spelled out .
But Poland never stopped striding -- and striking -- for independence .
I have always been puzzled by the naïveté of analysts , in Russia and abroad , who believed that Putin would never be so bold as to make a mockery of Russia 's electoral system by reclaiming the presidency .
Culture never lies about politics .
Today , Russia 's rulers have never looked more arbitrary and illegitimate .
No one is under the illusion that any of this is easy -- peace negotiations never are .
The world looks to the UN as never before , yet the conventional wisdom is that we are not up to the job .
Collective action has never been easy , but it has never been more necessary than in achieving the UN 's Millennium Development Goals -- the world 's blueprint for ending extreme poverty .
Unfortunately , that agenda was never implemented .
NEW YORK -- Late next month , a child will be born -- the 7th billion citizen of planet Earth . We will never know the circumstances into which he or she was born .
These trends link the fate and future of today 's seven billion people as never before . No nation alone can solve the great global challenges of the twenty-first century . International cooperation is a universal need .
Yet if you are among the world 's poor , you have never felt poverty so sharply .
Yes , international law and justice have never been so widely embraced .
Yet those living in nations where human rights are abused have never been so vulnerable .
The obstacles to disarmament are formidable . But the costs and risks of its alternatives never get the attention they deserve .
We will never usher in an era of sustainable prosperity in the absence of a big , global push , with all nations moving in the same direction .
In fact , Davuto?lu and all of us in the AKP foreign-policy community never use this term , because it is simply a mispresentation of our position .
The West has never owned Turkey , so debating who `` lost '' it is pointless .
With this historic move , Serbia adopted a practice that took hold in the rich , Western countries after World War II but was never applied in the Communist bloc .
We must train students and practitioners in critical self-reflection on that which limits their care-giving ; in strategies and techniques aimed at opening a space for the moral acts of care-giving ; and in the most concrete and practical acts of assistance , so that they never forget what care-giving actually means .
President George W. Bush initially responded to the diplomats ' brief by saying we `` should never execute anybody who is mentally retarded , '' although , as governor of Texas , he had opposed legislation to ban the practice and rejected clemency petitions for retarded convicts .
If he sincerely believes that the mentally retarded should never be executed , he should instruct his Justice Department to file a Supreme Court brief opposing McCarver 's execution , and urge state governors to ban the practice .
Second , while the shame of New Orleans could never happen in Europe , European social solidarity nonetheless is failing lower-income groups by not sufficiently delivering to them the benefits of economic growth .
European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet would never allow this to happen to the ECB -- he manipulates markets ; markets do n't manipulate him .
-LRB- The Dutch never would go along with this . -RRB-
Kosovo could probably never govern this territory , whose ethnic Albanian inhabitants have mostly left .
The Palestinian Arab state envisioned by the United Nations ' 1947 partition plan , which was to include Gaza , was never established .
It demonstrated its lapdog status by never broadcasting images of prisoners being abused inside Baghdad 's notorious Abu Ghraib prison .
Qudwa is a dark-horse candidate to succeed Abbas -- a possible compromise figure who has never been directly involved in security or military activities .
At the time , Palestinian and Israeli negotiators were quoted as saying that the two sides had never been closer to an agreement .
Until now , Israelis and Palestinians have insisted on various `` red lines '' that they proclaimed they would never cross .
I believe that the chances for a political breakthrough in our region have never been better .
On the most basic level , for example , the people of south Lebanon needed maps of where Israel had laid mines , but these were never provided .
Its program Al Itijah al Mu'akess -LRB- `` the opposite direction '' -RRB- brought the sort of verbal jousts that most of the world takes for granted but Arabs had never seen televised .
Anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the National Front ruling coalition , but knows that he will never become prime minister this way . No one , after all , expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future .
'' Those who desire to treat politics and morals separately will never understand anything of either . '' So wrote Jean-Jacques Rousseau , and I agree .
Yet , although serially disloyal to French rulers , Talleyrand probably never betrayed France .
At the same time , a moral politician never succeeds single-handedly in ensuring the common good .
Small nations like Estonia have never been able to treat defense as a secondary concern .
It was never the free choice of the Estonian people .
One oligarch , Yamagata Aritomo , made the bureaucracy immune to political meddling by obtaining a personal communication from the emperor that could never be overruled .
The demands were never about normal cultural autonomy as a means of continued identity and supposed self-protection .
Unlike Germany , Russia has never recognized its responsibility for the war and the mass graves of the innocent .
Given the prospect of further leadership changes and increasing instability , meeting that challenge has never been more important .
The March of the Caudillos LA PAZ &#45; &#45; The re-election for unlimited periods that Presidents Hugo Chávez and Evo Morales have sought in Venezuela and Bolivia , respectively , reflects a phenomenon -- caudillismo -- that has , sadly , never been far from the surface of Latin American politics .
Of course , attempts to draw a distinction between hatred of Jews and hatred of Israel were never particularly convincing .
But one particular section of Sweden 's population has never engaged in the pretense that there is a distinction between hatred of Israel and hatred of Jews .
In 1963 , when the world narrowly escaped nuclear catastrophe , the physicist Max Born wrote : `` World peace in a world that has grown smaller is no longer a Utopia , but rather a necessity , a condition for the survival of mankind . '' Those words have never been truer .
They still try to involve outside powers in their affairs because -- after two hundred years of colonial and ideological occupation -- they have lost the habit of deciding for themselves . Everyone , that is , save the Turks and Iranians , who never lost their independence .
Namibia 's government , for example , while recognizing that the country will never build a strong industrial base , takes a clear , balanced , and determined approach to attracting , and getting the most out of , multinational corporations .
There was never any public explanation for this message , either , just rumors - that `` Roma '' was Roman Abramovich -LRB- this was long before the tycoon bought the Chelsea football team , becoming a world celebrity -RRB- , and that he had close ties with then President Boris Yeltsin 's inner circle , known as `` the Family . ''
But such disputes never spill over into the broad public sphere ; members of the elite are primarily concerned about social and political stability and would not stir the public by seeking support for an alternative policy course .
Nearly 1.5 million Cubans will never have a stake in the industries controlled by the military bourgeoisie .
Amory Lovins of the Rocky Mountain Institute has proposed what he calls the `` negawatt , '' or energy that is never used .
Growth lost in early years is never recovered .
This figure suggests that going to court can be a thankless exercise , and that many disputes probably never reach court .
Ninety-five percent of its envisioned cuts never happened .
But I would never want to shut down discussion about these issues -- whether it is with Gore , Hansen , or Krugman .
Tadese has never heard of global warming .
And most of those who do live in the flood areas would never even get their feet wet .
That lead to Sadat 's peace and Assad 's 1974 cease-fire on the Golan Heights , which has never been violated since .
A fully developed contingency plan -- a sophisticated blend of amphibious , airborne , and ground penetrations to reach swiftly and deeply behind the front , before rolling back and destroying Hezbollah positions one by one from the rear , all the way to the Israeli border -- was never implemented .
In such a state , the only way to survive was for everyone to become his or her own thought police : self-censoring and never daring to question .
But Ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack .
But Ai never participated in the many Internet appeals for such protests .
He always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand .
If that sounds familiar , its is because the Chinese Communist Party never forgets its history -- and is determined to prevent history from repeating itself .
At the height of tensions , when China found the governments of Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian intolerable , it never ceased its policy of embracing the Taiwanese people and Taiwanese businessmen . Over time , this created a rich web of economic interdependence , which promotes stability .
A major rule in international relations is never to make a demand that can not be met .
Japan has lost its drive to remain one of the world 's greatest powers , and it may never regain it .
Pavel Krasheninnikov , president of the State Duma 's Committee on Legislation , recently promised an amnesty for the guerillas , which could never have been issued without President Putin 's express approval .
According to the most recent report , between 2000 and 2005 , we lost forest acreage equivalent to the land mass of Panama &#45; &#45; more than 77 thousand square kilometers of forest gone , some of it never to return .
Yet New York remained a dream , so foreign and distant that I never imagined I would have the chance to compare illusion with reality .
Romania , for its part , has a history not at all admirable in regard to it its `` Roma '' minority , whose shortcomings and deeds always attract blame but never any real action by the state to improve their condition .
In 1950 , Kundera , then a 20-year-old Communist , reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a Western spy a man he had never met -- a friend of his friend 's girlfriend .
The reclusive Kundera , who immigrated to Paris in 1975 , has declared that `` it never happened . ''
Moreover , Czechoslovakia 's fearsome secret police , who had every interest in silencing or compromising the famous dissident writer , never used the incident to blackmail or expose him .
As far as we know , Kundera never was an informer before or after this incident , and we can not ignore that he later freed himself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated .
In order to understand that epoch , we have to know and carefully judge often ambiguous and overwhelming circumstances , never simplifying a multilayered daily reality for the sake of current political goals .
Central and Eastern Europe was never only a place of right and left dictatorships , of ethnocentrism and xenophobia , of perpetual and frozen conflicts , as some now caricature it .
At that fluid border between old and new people craved most what they had never had : freedom of thought and expression , information , the tools to debate and define their own happiness .
In this regard , the most important lesson of 1989 and its aftermath is that society 's evolution can never be perfectly prophesied .
Hailed in Europe as one of the great novels of the twentieth century , Blinding arrived in America only after a great delay , and never received the attention that it deserved .
The term was never defined in any formal setting , but the concept was not difficult to decipher .
I was never taught that military police came under a separate chain of command .
This was never said in the classroom , but even there , it was made clear that the role of military police was to serve the interrogators .
Unfortunately , like `` applying pressure , '' the Geneva conventions were never defined .
We never studied them , nor were we given a copy to read , much less tested on their contents .
The PLA has never been deterred or become less aggressive when confronted with an enemy possessing more advanced hardware .
Worse still , Coulibaly never had to account for his terrible decision , or explain it to anyone -- not the players and coaches on the pitch , and not the public at large .
They must not be permitted to decide games of utmost importance in an arbitrary manner that need never be explained to anyone .
Of course , we are fully aware that human error will never be eliminated from affecting outcomes in any sport .
Until Koizumi , the electorate was never faced with such clear-cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
Unable to pay off its constituencies , disintegration looms , for the LDP has never been a party with entrenched grass-roots support , but instead operates as a machine of power and redistribution through a web of insiders across the country 's industrial sectors , occupational associations , and local communities .
In fact , we all are coming to learn that lesson the hard way : digital information almost never goes away , even if we wish that it would .
Wade had campaigned as an agent of change , but change never came to Senegal throughout his decade in power .
As a Muslim and a world traveler , I have never experienced as much ostracism as I did in Saudi Arabia as a pilgrim .
They also know that the huge financial assistance which Ireland received form the European Union will never be repeated
While immense new opportunities have opened up for Europe 's citizens and businesses , global competition for trade and investment has never been tougher .
This issue aside , I have never been persuaded that capital requirements on trading books should be materially lower than for those on banking books .
Many clinical trauma theorists believe that combat , rape , and other terrifying experiences are seemingly engraved on the mind , never to be forgotten .
That is , the events were not experienced as traumatic when they occurred , and there is no evidence that they were inaccessible during the years when they never came to mind .
It broadened and deepened understanding of the problems associated with anti-depressants , giving patients a collective voice , as never before .
But this crisis revealed these reports ' fundamental inadequacies , such that users ' experiences with drugs can never credibly be ignored again .
The term `` drug dependence '' was also redefined , to propose that loss of personal autonomy could never arise in a therapeutic setting .
`` East is East , and West is West , and never the twain shall meet , '' Rudyard Kipling famously said .
I am a social democrat who was never a Communist party member , though I achieved success as a lawyer in Soviet times .
So the Kremlin is preparing to mark the event on a scale that Russia has never seen before .
The biggest fear of rape victims in Darfur , however , is that they will never find a husband .
The global pressures pushing European nations closer together are as strong as ever , so the impasse over the EU 's constitutional treaty was never going to push Europe off course for very long .
But opposition to US policy from France never comes as a shock .
That diplomatic tradition has never simply been about `` do-goodism '' and checkbook contributions to peacekeeping missions around the world . It was about creating and transferring stability through the strengthening of international governance and supranational structures .
Gaullism , or the vision of a French-led European counterweight to the US , has never been an option for Germany . Neither , to be sure , has the Euro-skeptic British version of Atlanticism .
Until states such as Saudi Arabia , Syria , and others vigorously dry up the inflows of people and money that sustain the insurgency , Iraq will never become stable , democratic , and prosperous .
We may never know the exact number of casualties during the last phase of the conflict , because the government did not allow international organizations or media into the area .
It never occurred to the ruling communists -LRB- or to Solidarity -RRB- that they might lose .
Yet when the Wall tumbled down , experts and world leaders alike were unanimous . `` We never saw it coming , '' they confessed .
Revolutions are probably never as they seem , but Romania 's was especially ambiguous .
Many small , landlocked African countries will never become serious players in the global economy without increased cooperation within their own regions .
If Africa 's small and diverse nations do not come together , they will never integrate properly into the world economy , and so will not reap the benefits of our globalised world .
On the contrary , the elite eight teams of the last four World Cups have included two `` newcomers '' that had never been quarterfinalists , such as Turkey and South Korea in 2002 .
The statistics say 10 % of children are `` stunted '' -- so undernourished before the age of two that they never grow to their full potential .
In some technology-poor but oil-rich Middle East countries , state-of-the-art radiotherapy -LRB- and cardio-pulmonary bypass -RRB- equipment has been delivered , but never used , or has been damaged by electrical surges or power outages .
Most physicians in North America and Europe never see a single case of vitamin A deficiency in their professional lifetimes .
And then those who bought these mortgages never bothered to investigate their underlying value -- a spectacular abdication of managerial responsibility .
But this bank-client confidentiality has never been 100 % absolute , and Swiss legislation makes absolutely clear what it protects and what it does not protect .
Citizens in a democracy would never allow their government to have an automatic right of forced entry into their homes on the off-chance of finding stolen goods , so why should the state have an automatic right of forced entry into bank accounts on the off-chance of finding a few tax evaders or criminals ?
Her appeal to voters is simple : `` I am a woman , and you have never tried a woman , so be modern and try one now . ''
The dream was over . It had , most likely , never been realizable .
History 's Ghosts in Iran Using historical analogies to interpret the present is both tempting and dangerous , for history never truly repeats itself .
Hitler came close to developing the nuclear bomb , but never had it , whereas Iran very well might .
Bayrou has never had it so good , but , barring the unlikely collapse of one of the two leading candidates ' campaigns , he will fail to qualify for the second-round runoff .
The Cold War , precisely because it never became `` hot , '' was never the equivalent of World War I or II .
Of course , diehard anti-Americans will never be persuaded , but they remain a minority , with the possible exception of the Muslim world .
One World , One Europe PARIS -- G-8 , G-5 , G-20 , G-2 , G-3 , and now the G-14 -LRB- the G-8 plus the G-5 plus Egypt -RRB- : never have the `` mathematics '' of world order seemed more complex and confusing .
Since the other 21 EU members never liked the idea of a Club of Six to begin with , it is just as well that such a vision has been buried , probably forever .
Their `` time '' is not , has never been , or is no longer the same as that of the West .
But this ambition , however legitimate , looks more presumptuous and unrealistic every day , particularly given the choices that Europe just made in naming its new `` President '' -- Belgium 's Prime Minister Herman van Rompuy -- and `` Foreign Minister '' -- the never been elected to anything Lady Catherine Ashton from Britain . How can Europe pretend to stand for an ambitious message when it picks such low-profile -- indeed , practically anonymous -- messengers to deliver it ?
In strictly legal terms , there is nothing wrong , since India never signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Theories are never certain and must always be prepared for an uncertain future .
Or , as Karl Popper put it , truth is never definitive and error is always probable .
TAV Holding , which won the tender for the construction of the new Khomeini airport in Tehran , was never even given the chance to start the job .
The French Socialist Party never had its `` aggiornamento '' or `` Bad Godesberg '' -LRB- where the German SPD in 1959 renounced its last vestiges of Marxism -RRB- .
Instead , the party long defended the theory of a revolutionary `` rupture '' with capitalism , never clearly acknowledging its reformist nature .
But the party never debated or theorized this choice , simply accepting former Prime Minister Lionel Jospin 's claim that the fiscal stability and financial modernization resulting from the decision was but a `` parenthesis . ''
Indeed , working daily with Chinese TV creators , I noticed a subtle , almost instinctive tendency to avoid any content or format that is unusual , novel , or unorthodox , never mind subversive .
He authored pamphlets on the reconciliation of Christianity and democracy , which Allied bombers dropped over Europe , and he never tired of stressing that the Christian origins of America 's flourishing democracy had influenced him .
It was n't the Vatican that took the lead in creating Christian Democracy -- it was innovative philosophers like Maritain -LRB- who never served in the Church hierarchy , though he was briefly French ambassador to the Vatican -RRB- and political entrepreneurs like Sturzo -LRB- a simple Sicilian priest -RRB- .
But , in foreign-policy terms , post-war West Germany -- and , later , reunified Germany -- was utterly predictable : never against the West ; always for more Europe .
Nobody wants to repeal citizenship legislation that makes birthplace , not bloodlines , the basis of belonging , and everybody is proud that right-wing populism has never taken off in the way that it has among some of Germany 's neighbors .
Moreover , even if the plan for EU sovereign debt never takes off , fiscally prudent euro-zone countries will face higher borrowing costs .
Confucian literati , shunning manual labor , grew their fingernails long , but they never displayed antipathy towards the world of affairs .
Iraqis will have to revisit concepts -- like nationalism , sovereignty , and Islamic community -- that have never come under critical examination .
After all , Ethiopia has never known democracy .
During the wars in Croatia and Bosnia the UN was responsible for humanitarian assistance and also dedicated to peacemaking . Yet it was never able to use the former to advance the latter .
After all , while a speaker can reasonably take care not to express views that will lead to imminent violence , if listeners have unlimited discretion in determining what causes offense , the speaker can never know what will so offend some people near or far at some time in the future that they will commit violence .
If Saddam were granted sanctuary in a country such as Belarus or Libya , he would probably remain safe from prosecution , but only as long as he never leaves .
But America 's capacity to promote human rights in other countries has never been weaker than now .
So the government-controlled media took aim at another antagonist , the Communist Party , which apparently never expect an attack on this scale .
If the criterion of effectiveness is the ability to achieve all of a society 's goals , we will probably never find such a thing .
Moreover , Putin has never made a mistake about the loyalty of the people he promotes .
Indeed , most countries are far more heterogeneous than Burundi but have never fallen into ethnic war .
How can innovation , which is never only technological , but social as well , be achieved and fully used ?
The emerging consensus in India in support of greater rights and freedoms for women , while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment -LRB- especially within the growing middle classes -RRB- has not yet -- and might never -- poison the basic trust and warmth between men and women .
Furthermore , Obama 's Justice Department has invoked Bush 's argument that the State Secrets Act bars evidence about torture from being disclosed , which means that anyone who was tortured can never appear in court .
He never returned to his cell .
Binyam Mohamed told the Associated Press that al-Hanashi was a positive person -LRB- and , one can assume , a natural leader -RRB- who would never consider suicide .
Popularity is ephemeral and should never guide national policy .
In the case of the Iraq War , President Bush never established a broad consensus that might have provided legitimacy in the face of a veto .
The line between information and entertainment has never been as sharp as some intellectuals imagine , and it is becoming increasingly blurred .
Unlike Germany , which repudiated its past aggression and reconciled with its neighbors in the framework of the European Union , Japan has never come to terms with its record in the 1930 's and 1940 's .
Unlike Britain , imperialism has never been a comfortable experience for Americans , and only a small share of its military occupations led directly to the establishment of democracies .
Roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information , and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could : cabinet members , congressmen , newspaper columnists , interest groups , citizens , and friends .
But , more carefully stated , what scholars show is that liberal democracies almost never go to war with each other , and it may be that a liberal constitutional culture is more important than the mere fact of elections .
American soft power will never attract Osama bin Laden and the extremists .
As a senior Asian statesman told me recently , Deng would never have made this mistake .
As former Clinton administration official William Galston put it , `` trust is never more important than when citizens are asked to make sacrifices for a brighter future .
In this case , interdependence has created a `` balance of financial terror '' analogous to the Cold War , when the US and the Soviet Union never used their potential to destroy each other in a nuclear exchange .
As US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton put it recently , `` the UN remains the single most important global institution ... but we are constantly reminded of its limitations ... The UN was never intended to tackle every challenge ; nor should it . ''
Roughly the size of California , Japan will never have the geographical or demographic scale of China or the US .
Britain had an empire on which the sun never set , ruled more than a quarter of humankind , and enjoyed naval supremacy .
But , more carefully stated , what scholars have shown is that liberal democracies almost never go to war with each other .
In the US or Japan , facing entrenched industry opposition , such a startup might never have gotten off the ground .
Nigeria has never held successful civilian-run elections .
Governance has never been easy in Nigeria , a conglomerate of over 150 million people and some 250 ethnic or language groups . Not all share the same vision of Nigeria 's future , and they are exceptionally vigorous in disputing what it should be .
With the ICTY 's closure just one year away , there is a risk that Mladic will never be held accountable .
It is not that the Bush administration left Sino-US relations in such bad repair , but that the possibilities for a substantial change for the better have never been greater .
If true , China will never resolve droughts such as the current one in Guizhou by itself , regardless of how many large-scale engineering projects the government undertakes , or how well organized remedial efforts are .
Indeed , Turkey has never missed an opportunity to present itself as a regional broker .
Back then , historians and sociologists dug into Zionism supposed `` sins '' -- for example , that Israel 's Arab citizens have never , to this day , enjoyed equal civil rights .
After all , Israel is not the United States , and gender can never work as anyone 's sole adjective .
You 've changed the world : people will never again look at all species as fixed entities , but as part of a single tree of life . How do you feel ?
As globalization intensifies and accelerates economic change , it affects the lives of ordinary citizens like never before , stoking popular fear .
Official policy aims to reduce the cost of globalization for individuals , but never for companies .
As trade minister of Sweden for most of this period , I never hindered or postponed import competition .
This never met any criticism from my voters , because educational policy and the social safety net were designed to lower workers ' risk aversion .
There are undoubtedly colossal problems in Detroit , and the bosses of the Big Three automakers could never be convicted of an excess of imagination .
Indeed , 73 % said they had never experienced discrimination while living in America .
Moreover , 85 % said suicide bombing is rarely or never justified , and only 1 % said violence to defend Islam was `` often '' permissible .
Indeed , the left has won in countries in which it has previously never held power .
The scientists who invented the STM were n't trying to build assemblers , and they never heard of K. Eric Drexler .
Of course , we never believed that press freedom would come easily .
But we never imagined the terrifying lengths to which the state -- working hand-in-hand with the new oligarchic rich -- would go to defeat our cause .
However tough things looked in the past , I have never felt such a sense of despair about Palestine and Israel .
To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
It was never Bush 's determination that was in doubt , nor his geniality -- despite that slightly annoying rich-boy joshing .
The law was never Cheney 's strong point .
First , your own eyes and your reason would surely tell you before long that the communist idyll -- the withering away of the state and the triumph over need -- would never come .
But the mother never complained .
But the siege was never intended to starve Gazans ; as Dov Weissglass , a former aid to Ariel Sharon , famously observed , the aim was `` to put the Palestinians on a diet . ''
For a happier New Year , we should listen to the core messages of all these great religions , above all the Confucian golden rule that we should never do to others what we would not like to be done to us .
I suppose that censors never have much of a sense of humor , and that irony and parody are usually beyond their intellectual grasp .
We have never faced a more difficult political task .
She would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning .
Experimental economists have found that people will sacrifice their own resources to punish cheaters and free riders , and will do this even to anonymous strangers that they will never again interact with -- a behavior dubbed `` altruistic punishment . ''
Moreover , the EU offers the small countries sandwiched between Germany and Russia a degree of political stability and security that they never had in modern history .
Israel never said that it wants to destroy Iran ; Israel never openly proclaimed that it would enrich uranium and build nuclear bombs in order to destroy another country .
Policy debates in the US are chiefly preoccupied with ensuring that banks are never `` too big to fail '' ; that private investors rather than taxpayers hold `` contingent capital , '' which in a crash can be converted into equity ; and that `` over-the-counter '' markets ' functioning be improved through greater reliance on centralized trading , clearing , and settlements .
A good start would be to publish key documents that are constantly referred to by Iranians but never seen -- say , Ayatollah Khamenei 's fatwa that reportedly rules that Islam prohibits the production , stockpiling , and use of nuclear weapons ?
This approach will never reach the heart of the matter .
But the need for critical thinking has never been as pressing as in the Internet era .
China will never be interested in Russia 's economic and political modernization , for it prefers Russia to remain a source of mineral and energy resources and a vast `` strategic rear '' in its looming challenge with the United States .
While Greece has virtually forfeited its access to capital markets , Germany has never borrowed on better terms .
The transformation from state socialism into a postindustrial society had never occurred anywhere else .
If Vick were never to play football again , he would suffer punishment well beyond that imposed by the court .
The question of remorse has not arisen , because Megrahi has never admitted guilt , and did not drop an appeal against his conviction until just before his release .
Indeed , while the demands of millenarians can never be met , thus leaving repression as the only means to deal with them , nationalism may be -LRB- and often is -RRB- effectively addressed through political means : when the legitimate and more widely shared nationalist goals are met , the radical fringe often loses its wider appeal and withers away .
Starting a war is always a grave step , and the effects are never neatly calculable .
Churchill once wrote : `` Never , never , never assume that any war will be smooth and easy . ''
We should not forswear that option , but we ought to consider others , not least because the Security Council - whose backing will be politically if not legally crucial - may never support invasion .
Stalin 's ghost is no substitute for a real live leader ; he will never leap out of his portraits , no matter how often they are waved .
Although the fuel bank never emerged , the seed for the organization took root , giving rise to the IAEA in 1957 .
But raids never generated significant radiological consequences , because plants were under construction , contained inconsequential amounts of nuclear material , had radioactive elements removed prior to the attack , or because the attacker missed the mark .
Still , the accord never fulfilled its disarmament objective .
After the war , each adopted a `` never be surprised again '' policy , and so went on to invest trillions of dollars in a multitude of hardened , mobile , and concealed nuclear weapons to deter the other .
Israel has never acknowledged having nuclear weapons , let alone the size and scope of its arsenal .
Israel 's parliament , the Knesset , never discusses the program or appropriates money for it .
Cory provided policy guidance as Commander-in-Chief , but trusted the Defense Department and Armed Forces to carry out their missions in the face of 9 coup attempts which were all frustrated . These mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability , and yet she never flinched .
The Death of Poland 's Socrates NEW YORK -- One of the most important men you probably never heard of died last Friday .
But while Kolakowski `` traveled '' with the Communists and supported them for a few years , he was never really a `` good comrade '' because he never allowed himself to stop thinking for himself .
Kolakowski came back to Poland a number of times in his last years , although he never settled there again .
But the man himself was never a monument .
Refusing to believe anything unconditionally , he retained that most important characteristic of a truly great man : he never had unconditional faith in himself .
These values were lost in the Great War , and we never really recovered the optimism and faith in the future that preceded it .
CAMBRIDGE -- For most people , there has never been a better time to be alive than now .
Although the country was never as protected from the global downturn as its authorities claimed , the country benefits from some factors that do help ease the damage inflicted by the international crisis , especially with regard to the availability of foreign currency in these times of restrictions on external financing .
As a result , Japan never fully recovered from its recession .
So , far from having triumphed , international humanitarian law has never been more imperiled .
The modern human-rights movement was born out of the UN , and in many ways it has never entirely left home .
And , offensive as this has been to Mexican sensibilities -- and harmful to finding long-term solutions to America 's immigration dilemma -- these complacent arrangements have never presented so clear and present danger as they do today .
Afflicted by historically high unemployment , massive under-employment , and relatively stagnant real wages , while burdened with underwater mortgages , excessive debt , and subpar saving , US consumers are stretched as never before .
The final result was never discernible in the polls more than six weeks in advance .
The French never really recovered from that trauma .
While prudential regulation and supervision can never be perfect , extending such oversight to hedge funds and other unregulated institutions can still moderate the downsides .
It never was a development round , and tomorrow 's world will hardly look any different from yesterday 's .
We will likely never know .
The G-20 promised to triple the Fund 's lending capacity -LRB- from $ 250 billion to $ 750 billion -RRB- , issue $ 250 billion of new Special Drawing Rights -LRB- a reserve asset made up of a basket of major currencies -RRB- , and permit the Fund to borrow in capital markets -LRB- which it has never done -RRB- if necessary .
Public officials should hold private interests at arm 's length and never cozy up to them .
The Tobin Tax Lives Again CAMBRIDGE -- Something happened in late August that I never thought I would see in my lifetime .
In his latest book , Paul Blustein recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : `` I have never actually seen one , '' the minister quipped . `` I have only seen US conglomerates masquerading as farmers . ''
Continental European countries like big banks , and therefore will never go along with the Volcker rules , he wrote .
In fact , industrial policy never went out of fashion .
Perhaps the dirty tricks are largely defensive , meant to ensure that the old guard never threatens the AKP 's existence again .
You may choose the moral high ground and say , `` I will never deal with a terrorist . '' But you will have passed up an opportunity to assist the hostages .
Wallis Simpson , the controversial US-born Duchess of Windsor , once famously quipped , `` You can never be too rich or too thin . ''
Fortunately for everyone , America 's motto nowadays is `` You can never be too rich or too large . ''
But history suggests that fixing a central bank 's balance sheet is never pleasant . Faced with credit losses , a central bank can either dig its way out through inflation or await recapitalization by taxpayers .
Fear of crises is understandable , yet without these new , creative approaches to financing , Silicon Valley might never have been born .
Recessions have never proven an easy time for European leaders to push forward with reforms .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
CAMBRIDGE -- When the next full-scale global financial crisis hits , let it not be said that the International Monetary Fund never took a stab at forestalling it .
Oil experts argue that offshore drilling never had the potential to amount to more than a small share of global supply .
Why might a carbon tax be viable now , when it never has been before ?
Even if Japan had never experienced a real-estate and stock-market bubble , the meteoric rise of its giant neighbor China would have been a huge challenge .
Moreover , even if it never had a financial crisis , Japan would have been plagued by adverse demographics , as its population is both aging and shrinking .
SAN FRANCISCO -- It has never been easy to have a rational conversation about the value of gold .
Although one would never know it from listening to the Congressional debate , the main effect of an agreement would be to lower Colombian barriers on US goods , not vice versa .
With huge private debts , falling house prices , and external claims on Ireland amounting to more than 10 times national income -LRB- according to the Reinhart-Rogoff database -RRB- , there was never going to be an easy way out .
But corporate villains , typically multinational companies , have never been so ubiquitous as today .
CAMBRIDGE -- Although I appreciate that exchange rates are never easy to explain or understand , I find today 's relatively robust value for the euro somewhat mysterious .
Of course , Plato 's disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of his prose , yet he has a legitimate point : how , after all , can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator ?
His numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
The hardest challenge is redefining the fiscal criterion , but one thing is clear : it would be absurd if candidates had to pass a test that was never applied after entry .
Whereas Sweden adopted this approach successfully during its banking crisis in the early 1990 's , the current US and British approach may end up producing Japanese-style zombie banks -- never properly restructured and perpetuating a credit freeze .
And never in its history has the Fed lent to non-depository institutions .
The only institution that can crank up the printing press -- the European Central Bank -- will never resort to monetization of fiscal deficits .
There was also excess in the securitized products that converted these debts into toxic financial derivatives ; in borrowing by local governments ; in financing for leveraged buyouts that should never have occurred ; in corporate bonds that will now suffer massive losses in a surge of defaults ; in the dangerous and unregulated credit default swap market .
They should never be confident that they can live scot-free .
The Arabs never `` lose '' because they never surrender . Thus they do not formally give up anything .
The region , probably the Arab-Israeli conflict , and certainly the Palestinian movement , will never be the same .
Looking back at his career , Arafat never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state .
Israel does not intend to claim this land in the future , never derived any economic benefit from it , and now regards staying there as a security problem rather than an asset .
Pakistan does not have border agreements with either India , with whom it disputes the incorporation of Kashmir , or Afghanistan , which has never explicitly recognized the Durand Line , the frontier between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
He fought his terminal cancer for over 18 months , never complaining , always expressing optimism that the latest experimental treatment would work .
Investment strategies such as this must be entered into with caution : simply assuming that a past correlation will persist is never a good idea .
Much of what must be done entails not the rebuilding of atrophied or destroyed institutions , but rather the establishment of institutions that never existed .
We are seeing again and again that a foreign army , whether NATO 's in Afghanistan , America 's in Iraq , Israel 's in occupied Palestine , or Ethiopia 's in Somalia , may win a battle , or even a war , but never the peace .
The basic issue is that the world economy is now so large that it is hitting against limits never before experienced . There are 6.7 billion people , and the population continues to rise by around 75 million per year , notably in the world 's poorest countries .
They say that fears of `` running out of resources , '' notably food and energy , have been with us for 200 years , and we never succumbed .
The health minister turned to me and said that he had never before heard such a conversation in that region : that the father would not only ask the daughter , but happily heed her decision !
This simple logic has put American politics in the hands of the rich as never before .
As investors fled the country because of fear of devaluation -LRB- in a period in which the Argentine Government was promising never to devalue the peso , fixed at one-to-one with the US dollar -RRB- , interest rates rose and bank deposits fell .
Globalization is under strain as never before .
Several years ago , I heard another leading public figure in Europe explain in a public lecture that Europe is a Christian society and therefore can never admit an Islamic member .
His political advisors may well advise him that it will soon be `` now or never '' to launch the war .
America 's people have never been told about the huge financial and political burdens that lie ahead , and they are not ready to bear them .
If Palestinians disarm but still confront Israeli demands to keep West Bank settlements , then Palestine will never have a viable state .
But such a regime will never have legitimacy , and will be subject to assassinations , political upheaval , and terrorist attacks .
We have to fight it decisively right now , or else we 'll never be able to stamp it out . ''
The world was never fooled by the Bush administration 's case , but most Americans were fooled , at least for a while .
If donors keep giving only a little bit of help , but not enough to solve the problems of the poorest countries , these countries will never escape poverty 's grip .
Top officials even declare that the US never signed on to such a goal .
The Bush team believed that they would eventually balance the tax cuts for the rich with reductions in government spending , but they never explained this to the public .
Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Indeed , Pakistan 's Islamist parties have never won more than 12 % of the popular vote .
Physical symptoms are almost never positively valued , but some symptoms of mental disorders typically are .
BEIRUT -- The future of Hezbollah , Lebanon 's powerful Shia political and paramilitary organization , has never looked more uncertain .
It is as if the Nuremberg trials never happened after WWII .
We will also provide enhanced support for the forthcoming elections , which are crucial to ensuring long-term peace and stability and making sure that the country will never again become a safe haven for terrorists .
Much of the emotional force of Mao 's revolution derived from the widespread sense of unequal treatment and humiliation by foreign powers , and this revolutionary fervor has never been properly interred .
Just as Mao 's portrait has never been taken down from The Gate of Heavenly Peace , so whole elements of his revolution continue to survive in China 's institutions , ways of thinking , and modes of interacting with the world .
It has never been easy for a nation to face up honestly to the bitter fact of having committed war crimes , genocide , unjustified foreign aggression , or having mistreated and killed its own people .
In an age when self-determination is a hallowed principle how is it possible that Taiwan - which has been part of China during only four of the last eleven decades , and has never been under the control of the People 's Republic of China - is shunned by every nation when it deigns to wonder aloud why it should not be allowed to go its own way ?
But Schmidt would never have imagined that there would come a day when there would be no politician in search of a vision check .
The perpetrators are never caught .
The others are never caught .
The reality is that there is no such thing as `` old and new '' Europe , and there never was .
We now know that this is wrong , but there was never any serious reason to believe it .
What followed was unprecedented political turbulence , including mass demonstrations on a scale never seen before .
Call this ideology-free democracy : a political system that tolerates restrictions imposed only from within , never from outside , the democratic process itself .
At that point , China might wish it had never heard of Tung Chee-hwa .
Indeed , it might wish it had never secured Hong Kong 's return .
Indeed , Chen even argued that the Taiwanese were never Chinese .
Now we know that Wall Street 's titans were never all that smart , and certainly not very ethical , for they failed the only test that counts .
All of the firms they led collapsed , and were saved only by money from those who could never get a senior job on Wall Street or a place at Harvard .
But , apart from its military strength , the USSR was never really powerful enough to counterbalance US influence .
Russia has never made a successful transformation of any kind in a time of peace .
The outcome of any public discussion can never be known with certainty , but chances are that it will amplify stories that imply risks of higher oil prices .
The general investing public never really understood these trends .
The particular problems that prevented us from observing the returns on these stock markets will never be repeated , but it is wrong to assume that problems of that scale will not recur .
Years ago , I never asked about vacation homes .
They never seemed so much on people 's minds .
Now that we think differently about real estate , we will never be the same again .
Indeed , while changes in fundamental perceptions may not occur easily or fast , they should never be ruled out .
The local influentials , Merton discovered , spoke affectionately of their town , as if it were a unique and special place , and often said they would never leave . The cosmopolitans spoke as if they might leave any day .
Planned economies were never able to flourish because uncertainty about the future is just too high , something that is best left to the speculators , with the potential of reward if they are right and the disciplining whip of the market if they are wrong .
Indeed , the United States has never experienced a fourfold increase in stock prices in less than five years , even during the late 1990 's bubble .
More generally , the Internet gives a sense of vastness to the world 's economic activity that was never available before .
In fact , people almost never know the probabilities of future economic events .
Yet events like the Great Depression , as well as the recent crisis , will never be fully understood without understanding bubbles .
NEW HAVEN -- Volatility in the housing market has long been known , but until now it has never been visible in so many places around the world at the same time .
It seems the story never ends .
Housing prices are on a rollercoaster ride , and we may never be able to make complete sense of their movements , other than to understand the volatility that they represent .
In such cases , the innovation would never be implemented without patent protection , because no inventor could ever recoup costs .
One can never have negative nominal interest rates -LRB- except through some oddity of taxes or regulations -RRB- , since lenders would rather hold their cash than effectively pay borrowers .
Most people never think about this when they react to the headline debt-to-GDP figure .
Economists who adhere to rational-expectations models of the world will never admit it , but a lot of what happens in markets is driven by pure stupidity -- or , rather , inattention , misinformation about fundamentals , and an exaggerated focus on currently circulating stories .
When George Gallup wrote , almost nine years after the Great Depression began , a sense of ultimate futility -- a belief that high unemployment would never end -- was widespread .
That said , the economic outlook can never be fully analyzed with conventional statistical models , for it may hinge on something that such models do not include : our finding some way to replace one narrative -- currently a tale of out-of-control debt -- with a more inspiring story .
Such pursuits have simply become passé -- something that has never happened in modern Russian history , not even in the darkest days of Stalin 's purges .
EU member states share highly sensitive intelligence and police information as never before , thereby increasing public security while upholding world-class legal and democratic standards . These operational measures have been complemented by carefully calibrated policies that aim to acknowledge social diversity but reduce the political space available for intolerance and bigotry .
As Mazimhaka pointed out , the union in 1960 between Somaliland and Somalia , following the withdrawal of the British and Italian colonial powers , was never formally ratified .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania .
David 's father , Yohane Banda , suddenly in the media spotlight , said he had not understood that his son no longer belonged to him and might never return to Malawi .
It 's the right decision to make , and better late than never .
So it has never been proved , by the standards laid down in the US Constitution that any of them really are terrorists .
As investment advisers , they would never recommend investing in a company without detailed information about how well it was achieving its goals .
McCain has never gotten down to specifics about how much foreign aid he would like the US to give .
We will never know exactly what was going on in Tilly 's mind , but we do know that he has been in captivity since he was about two years old -- he was captured off the coast of Iceland in 1983 .
The Chinese government was never going to cave in to Google 's demand that it abandon Internet censorship .
Chua 's daughters , Sophia and Louise , were never allowed to watch television , play computer games , sleep over at a friend 's home , or be in a school play .
If we build raised earth parks , we will never see the people who , but for our aid , would have died ; no orphans in desperate need will appear on the nightly news .
But the core of the argument comes in the first 400 pages , which is not an insurmountable challenge for the intellectually curious -- particularly given that Parfit , in the best tradition of English-language philosophy , always strives for lucidity , never using obscure words where simple ones will do .
The first , Eaton writes , is an `` ideological proposition '' that has `` never materialized in Muslim history because no Muslim state has even been theocratic . ''
In the days and weeks ahead , there could arise occasions when the news from Cairo is not uplifting , but let us never forget that Egypt has taken a giant step , which in reality is a giant step for all Arabs .
He termed Mubarak 's departure a display of `` the power of human dignity , '' adding that `` the people of Egypt have spoken , their voices have been heard , and Egypt will never be the same . ''
Moreover , it also contributes greatly to the high per-capita GDP figures , for the simple reason that the value-added created by these government jobs is part of GDP , even if it could never have been produced in the market economy .
Greece cheated by manipulating its statistics : while the reported deficits were below the limit , the country had to admit that the true deficit from 2000 to 2004 was 4.3 % on average and never below 3.7 % .
German economists , in contrast to their American colleagues , never abandoned Keynesian policies as a means to combat demand deficits .
Forget Inflation MUNICH -- To paraphrase Winston Churchill , never have so many billions of dollars been pumped out by so many governments and central banks .
In fact , in its 50-year history , the indicator never climbed as steeply as it has over the past 12 months .
The political debt constraints that the eurozone 's members had self-imposed were never taken seriously after that , because the sinners and the judges were one and the same . A subject worthy of Kafka and Molière .
Although the country profited greatly from its reintegration into the world trading system after World War II , Germany never really came to terms with Anglo-Saxon capitalism and skepticism about it still runs deep .
Although designed before the current crisis , these models seem to fit current observations rather well : banks lending to entrepreneurs who could never repay , and asset prices changing even if there were no changes in conditions .
If only one person were perfectly informed , there could never be a crisis -- someone would always make the right calls at the right time . But only God is perfectly informed , and He does not play the stock market .
The policy of never negotiating with terrorists can not be scaled up to state level when hundreds of thousands of lives are at stake .
But financial intermediation would never have brought disaster -LRB- or indeed gone so far -RRB- save for the global imbalances arising from America 's twin trade and budget deficits , financed to a large extent by Chinese savings .
The Gaullist dream of creating an independent power center never succeeded , but the role of `` awkward partner '' has given a distinctive flavor to French diplomacy , and it may be equally viable for a shrunken , proud , but no longer hegemonic Russia .
Micro-states can never be made small enough to satisfy their advocates ' exalted standards of cultural integrity .
Chicago School economics has never been more vulnerable than it is today -- and deservedly so .
But the attack on it will never succeed unless policy Keynesians like Krugman are willing to work out the implications of irreducible uncertainty for economic theory .
George Orwell put it well : `` All progress is seen to be a frantic struggle towards an objective which you hope and pray will never be reached . ''
The new assumption is that individuals will act not honorably , but gainfully : they will never miss an opportunity to turn a profit .
But , as John Maynard Keynes never stopped pointing out , the Quantity Theory of Money is true only at full employment .
Most people -- bankers and many `` experts '' excepted -- are instinctive Keynesians , even if they have never heard of John Maynard Keynes .
There has never been a shortage of snake-oil merchants : Donizetti wrote an opera , L'Elisir D'Amore , about one of them advertising a love potion in a nonsensical patter .
When I ask this question , I never get a coherent answer ; so let me retrace Keynes 's steps .
In other words , there can never be involuntary , or unwanted , unemployment .
This far-sighted Chinese proposal never left the drawing board .
In doing so , it was bound to affect interpretations of the old imperialism , which was now extolled for spreading economic progress , the rule of law , and science and technology to countries that would never have benefited from them otherwise .
Of course , this is a fallacy when resources are scarce , but even economists never thought that growth would continue forever .
The oldest rule in personal finance is to avoid debt -- that is , never spend more than you earn .
For public finance , too , the orthodox rule was that budgets should always be balanced ; except in emergencies , governments should never spend more than they `` earned '' in taxation .
History never repeats itself exactly , but there are lessons to be learned from that episode .
It is impossible not to hear in such nonsense the cocksure drumbeat of the Money Power , which has never failed to identify the public interest with its own .
The Money Power never surrenders easily .
Is it true that democracies never fight each other ?
The first is that democracies have , as a matter of historical record , never fought each other .
History , of course , never repeats itself exactly .
Yet the Act is unloved by the British public , which never engaged with the process .
This has never been more true than today , and if America is not seen as an avid supporter of a two-state solution , it will stay well behind the curve and damage its own interests in the Middle East .
It needs to be explained why the euro remains the best protection there is against inflation , the most dangerous social ill of all ; why government stimulus will not work and never actually has delivered sustained growth ; and why a new equilibrium between welfare and economic dynamism -- based on less public debt and more private investment -- must be established .
An open society will never be created or sustained by righteous entrepreneurs or be the mere byproduct of political engineering .
European advocates of the free market never proved sufficient to roll back the welfare state .
So far , this `` Republican Front '' strategy of exclusion has succeeded in keeping the far right out of any significant political office for four decades , but it has never reduced the size of its electoral base .
On the contrary , the National Front gains credibility by never having to test its program in government .
It may be xenophobic , but its leaders never denigrate the Republic : there may be fascists members within it , but the party plays by the democratic rules .
Her father was , above all , an ideologue , a `` populist '' Napoleon who would never moderate his vision of a white and Catholic France in need of a moral revival .
Gaullists and Socialists are proud that they never compromised with Jean-Marie Le Pen , but he would not have negotiated with them , anyway .
Che the revolutionary romantic , as depicted by Benecio del Toro in Soderbergh 's film , never existed . That hero of the left , with his hippie hair and beard , an image now iconic on t-shirts and coffee mugs around the world , is a myth concocted by Fidel Castro 's propagandists -- something of a cross between Don Quixote and Robin Hood .
Berlusconi may not be the most refined of Italians , but after many trials it has never been proven that he committed any crime .
In practice , of course , international financial markets never have been left to their own devices .
If successful , the IMF guarantee would never be invoked .
The war on terror need never end ; because the terrorists are invisible , they will never disappear .
I have never been heavily involved in partisan politics , but these are not normal times .
For example , David Horowitz , who accuses me of being `` the Lenin of the anti-American conspiracy , '' is a former Trotskyite for whom opponents are never adversaries to be debated , but rather enemies to be crushed .
But that may not continue indefinitely -- and the rest of the world will never subordinate its freedom to the prosperity of the Chinese state .
This means that it is not enough to restart a mechanism that has stalled ; we need to create a regulatory mechanism that has never existed .
British regulators will never again rely on the Icelandic authorities , and Eastern European countries will be reluctant to remain dependent on foreign-owned banks .
Most people nowadays face death never having witnessed the death of someone else !
SALZBURG -- As war loomed over Kosovo ten years ago , Germany 's then foreign minister , Joschka Fischer , explained that the principle that had always governed his involvement in politics was : `` Never again war ; never again Auschwitz ! ''
One is the `` perfect storm '' position : there were very many failures , misperceptions , informational asymmetries , and complexities , as well as much repugnant behavior , but it never occurred to market participants , regulators , or academics that the aggregate effect would be a near-collapse of the system .
But , if the reforms in the realm of fiscal policy and coordination of economic policy are successful , such an institution would never need to act , and would thus be redundant .
Elections in countries that have been strangers to democracy are never pretty , as Afghanistan 's recent vote demonstrated and as any election in Iraq is likely to be .
When the housing bubble burst and financial markets collapsed in its wake , growth slumped worldwide as never before since the Great Depression .
With Japan 's upcoming G-8 presidency and the Beijing Olympic Games next year , Asia will be under a spotlight as never before .
Second , support for Sharia , never high in Turkey , has actually declined since the AKP came to power , from 19 % in 1996 to 8 % in 2007 .
Thus , Calderón and his party allies , with 41 % of the Senate seats , can never have a majority during his six-year term , and will also have a minority in the lower chamber , where the PAN holds only 43 % of the seats , until at least 2009 .
The most perilous outcome under this model is when neither the president nor the prime minister has a majority , which has never occurred in France , but has occurred in postcommunist countries such as Russia and Ukraine .
He was contemptuous of parliament , whose circumscribed powers were set forth in a constitution that he boasted of never having read .
Trickle-down economics almost never works , and it is no more likely to work this time .
Central bankers ' belief that controlling inflation was necessary and almost sufficient for growth and prosperity had never been based on sound economic theory ; now , the crisis provided further skepticism .
While we will never be able to prevent all abuses , we can get the incentives right .
- Trickle-down economics almost never works .
The fact that the green revolution never came to the world 's poorest continent , where agricultural productivity is just one-third the level in Asia , suggests that there is ample room for improvement .
Similarly , modern information economics shows that even if markets are competitive , they are almost never efficient when information is imperfect or asymmetric -LRB- some people know something that others do not , as in the recent financial debacle -RRB- -- that is , always .
Global greenbacks would offset the deflationary bias in today 's arrangements that results from the fact that part of the income set aside as reserves never gets translated into global aggregate demand .
It is perplexing because in conventional analyses of which activities should be in the public domain , running the national mortgage market is never mentioned .
We 've continued as if the Cold War never came to an end , spending as much on defense as the rest of the world combined .
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
That they now looked with disfavor at Tunisia 's move from authoritarianism to democracy does not redound to their credit -- and should never be forgotten .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
NEW YORK -- The September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks by Al Qaeda were meant to harm the United States , and they did , but in ways that Osama bin Laden probably never imagined .
Downturns , of course , can never be fully prevented .
With perfect information -- an assumption made by traditional economics , though one not fully appreciated by free market advocates -- these problems would never have occurred .
But information is never perfect .
Conflicts of interest will never be eliminated , either in the public or private sector .
Those in Mexico , Indonesia , Brazil , India and other emerging markets should be told a quite different message : do not strive for a mythical free-market economy , which has never existed .
Unfortunately , it did not recognize that as a major creditor it could never be viewed as an impartial judge , and so could not have a pivotal role .
It never fully grasped the political and economic issues underlying the design of bankruptcy laws .
Scant signs of weapons of mass destruction have been found , and , according to David Kay , America 's chief arms inspector , the stockpiles either never existed or were destroyed years ago .
Worse still , it is now clear that Bush never had a plan for when the war ended .
Of course , some past appointees turned out to be far better than anticipated ; they rose to the occasion , despite qualifications that , in any open and objective selection process , would never even have left them on the short list .
So , despite the embarrassment associated with the recent appointment of the current IMF Managing Director Horst Kohler , when the Clinton Administration heavy-handedly vetoed Europe 's first choice for the post , someone with deep experience in developing countries and a new approach to their problems was never seriously considered .
Reaching political consensus on such complex issues is never easy , given the diversity of interests that must be addressed .
Macroeconomic policy can never be devoid of politics : it involves fundamental trade-offs and affects different groups differently .
Indeed , because Bolivia 's Constitution requires the approval of Congress for such sales , it is n't clear that Morales is nationalizing anything : the assets were never properly sold . When a country is robbed of a national art treasure , we do n't call its return `` re-nationalization , '' because it belonged to the country all along .
Countries that sign these agreements get preferential treatment over all others . But developing countries have little to gain and much to lose by signing these agreements , which almost never deliver the promised benefits .
Life is never black and white .
For the greater good of all -LRB- of course , it is never for their own selfish interests -RRB- , they argued a bailout was necessary .
Advocates of trade liberalization touted its advantages ; but they were never fully honest about its risks , against which markets typically fail to provide adequate insurance .
Given China 's deep distrust , it will never believe that a DPP president who insists on the Taiwanese people 's right to determine their future will not secretly push for independence .
Although the numbers were never as rosy as market enthusiasts seemed to think , they did divert attention away from the shaky foundations of the newfound prosperity .
For the world 's poor , `` business as usual '' has never been an acceptable option .
These countries never experienced modern market arrangements .
Of course , the euro was never just an economic project .
In other words , the private sector 's huge savings financed the government 's deficit , so that capital flight never occurred in the way it has in Greece , despite the desperate budget situation .
Indeed , funds for `` needy countries '' may never reach the neediest of individuals , such as internally displaced or stateless persons , because no one takes responsibility for them .
Of course , before being bailed out by governments , banks had never made any return in their history , assuming that their assets are properly marked to market .
It has not been under Chinese central government rule for more than 100 years -- indeed , since it was conquered by Japan at the end of the nineteenth century -- and it has never been part of the People 's Republic of China .
But memories of atrocity never seem to fade , as the government-fanned anti-Japanese riots now taking place in China remind us .
Even Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , under increasing EU pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this October , has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians , although he has reiterated his belief that the genocide never occurred .
A 2005 report by Patrick Mazimhaka , a former AU deputy chairman , provides some leeway for this , as Mazimhaka pointed out that the union in 1960 between Somaliland and Somalia , following the withdrawal of the colonial powers -LRB- Britain and Italy -RRB- , was never formally ratified .
Despite the tragic impact of this compulsory removal , the islanders never gave up their campaign to win the right to return home .
They have never sought to resettle on Diego Garcia , which remains off-limits and leased to the US government until 2016 -- and continues to play a vital role in Western security and defense .
But the South was never conquered , and its army , the SPLA , twice fought the North to a standstill .
The killers have never been apprehended .
It sought this change because it believed firms would not hire people they could never fire .
And , in contrast to Libya , the Tunisian population never took up arms during the protests .
But explaining that to block thinkers will never have the impact of a real connection to the multi-faceted discourse that is actually taking place on the other side .
One can never overlook the old colonial administrative habit of `` divide and rule , '' exemplified , again , by British policy in the subcontinent after 1857 , which led almost inexorably to the tragedy of Partition .
It does n't help that the two countries share the longest disputed frontier in the world , since the LAC has never been formally delineated in a manner accepted by both sides .
Unlike Iran and North Korea , which signed the NPT and then violated its provisions through clandestine nuclear weapons programs , India has openly pursued its own nuclear development , and it has a stellar record on non-proliferation , never exporting its technology or leaking a nuclear secret .
So Indians place their trust in international diplomacy and watch , with ill-disguised wistfulness , as Israel does what they could never permit themselves to do .
It 's the Indian Ocean Rim Countries ' Association for Regional Cooperation , blessed with the unwieldy acronym IOR-ARC , perhaps the most extraordinary international grouping you 've never heard of .
The Dissident and the Mahatma NEW DELHI -- With the Nobel Peace Prize presented this month in the absence of this year 's laureate , the imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , it might be wise to think of a man who never won the prize : Mahatma Gandhi .
Indeed , Gandhi can sound frighteningly unrealistic : `` The willing sacrifice of the innocent is the most powerful answer to insolent tyranny that has yet been conceived by God or man . Disobedience , to be ` civil , ' must be sincere , respectful , restrained , never defiant , and it must have no ill will or hatred behind it .
Though there was no serious challenger to his authority , Nehru never forgot that he derived his power from India 's people , to whom he remained astonishingly accessible .
New cricketing heroes have emerged from small towns , none more popular than India 's swashbuckling captain , M.S. Dhoni , the son of a peon in the dusty town of Ranchi , who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that his family could never have aspired to own .
The euro 's increasingly important role brings stability , something that is never more important than in times of upheaval .
Everyone is the product of several cultures , even if one has never left his home country , because culture is not only national .
Moreover , cultures related to a given territory are never really `` pure '' .
The decision has never been properly explained to civilian authorities in Latin America and is widely perceived as an aggressive act .
He has never been co-opted by private interests , be they political , economic , or criminal .
Although proponents focused solely on the new document , it does n't take a legal scholar to notice that there were good laws under the old constitution that were never enforced .
Stolypin never got the chance -- a revolutionary assassinated him in 1911 -- and neither did Russia , which stumbled into World War I , leading directly to the collapse of the monarchy and the Bolshevik revolution .
It can be dangerous to start one 's electoral campaign before other candidates , but sometimes , if one starts much earlier than everyone else , serious rivals never appear .
And in Belarus , Europe 's last dictatorship , collective farming was never undone , and a former collective farm director , Aleksandr Lukashenko , runs the country .
Because of an inadequate number of polling stations , I believe that in Harare and Chitungwiza alone more than 360,000 people stood in a queue to vote but never gained the opportunity to cast their ballot .
At worst , they may even wish to kill me . But the government will never destroy the spirit of the people to reclaim their rights and power .
We may have moments of fear in the days ahead , but we must never let despair overwhelm us .
Political rulers , too , have never liked new communication technology , because the political system in which they rule is adapted to the existing technology .
Cynics explain this by saying that our AOrange '' ideals were never anything but the rationalizations of one set of oligarchs struggling to overthrow another .
Ukraine 's energy needs , and thus the certainty of energy supplies across Europe , will never be secure as long as gas transit is in the hands of secretive companies with unknown owners .
Encouraging economic and political reform are important objectives , but they can never serve as a substitute for a serious effort to contain Russia 's deep-seated expansionism .
Of course , taking democracy `` to the streets '' is never an easy choice .
They must never be asked , or forced , to pay it again .
Although communism could , every now and then , coexist with private property , and sometimes with private enterprise , it could never coexist with civil society .
But , even then , it can never be justified fully , and the nameless , nagging guilt of which Primo Levi wrote so movingly invariably follows .
It is official indifference , however , that is truly unpardonable , perhaps because indifferent officials never feel the guilt of which Levi wrote .
Indifference , by contrast , is never creative , for it means that no response to injustice , and no help for the suffering , will ever come .
It is the tool of governments that are , in fact , the enemy of their people , for it benefits only the ruler -- never the victim , whose pain is magnified by neglect .
So , instead of retiring gracefully , as presidents from Bill Clinton to Boris Yeltsin routinely do , Kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of his term .
Luckily , there has never been a better time for the West -- particularly the EU -- to nudge Ukraine back from the brink .
As for whether we are European , I submit that Balzac would never have asked that question during the years he lived here .
Self-confidence among the governed and caution among the rulers : these are the psychological springs of democracy and true freedom , and they can never again be diverted in our homeland .
Local banks and corporations would never again overborrow , knowing that no safety net would catch them when they fell .
In the early-to-mid 1990s budget deficits turned into surpluses , bank and financial supervision tightened and labor market reform was repeatedly attempted -LRB- if never achieved -RRB- .
But never at so titanic a level as today .
Those diagnosed with this condition would be more likely to be treated with potent drugs , though most never develop a psychotic disorder -- setting a precedent for confusing risk factors with actual disorders .
But the alleged shooter had never been formally diagnosed as mentally ill , so such targeted laws would not have prevented him from obtaining a gun .
Similarly , screening for loose , eccentric thinking yields mostly individuals who never become psychiatrically disordered .
Resilient China BEIJING -- Today 's financial crisis and looming global recession are challenging China 's export-driven economic model as never before in the 30 years since Deng Xiaoping opened the economy .
These , however , were never allowed to degenerate into the outright communal slaughter that the war in Sri Lanka has often produced .
In any case , they never claim to be indigenous to any particular locale , not even in Singapore , where ethnic Chinese make up three-quarters of the population .
Most notably , the anger over corruption and nepotism that fueled the Tiananmen protests has never gone away .
Since China never established male primogeniture , this meant that when he died , each son could have his own business to start with .
Indeed , 60 % of voters say they will never vote for Menem .
Optimists , touting GDP and other indicators , will continue to insist that Americans have never had it so good .
Leaders are never bound to rise or fall by circumstances alone .
The US political system was never designed to rule the world .
Obama 's Policy of Nuclear Balance WASHINGTON , DC -- Perhaps never in history have nuclear security , non-proliferation , and arms control received the prominence that they will during this month 's strategic trifecta : the April 6 release of the latest United States Nuclear Posture Review -LRB- NPR -RRB- , the April 8 signing in Prague of the New START Treaty , and the April 12-13 Nuclear Security Summit .
Above all , they want the US to sign a legally binding agreement affirming that US BMD will never threaten Russia 's strategic deterrent .
But celebrations should never become an excuse for complacency .
Talking to a stranger , whom one has never met before and will not meet again , may impede the normal processes of recovery that rely on one 's own social networks - family , friends , priest , doctor , who may be better able to place the trauma in context .
The Commission can not be voted out of office because it was never actually voted into office .
However , simply providing access to such facilities can be surprisingly ineffective -- a significant number are never used .
The US , for example , never developed a powerful body of factory inspectors capable of providing effective enforcement of public safety standards .
Islam and Judaism never had that same kind of mind-body split .
But the same organizations would never report charges of , say , fraud -- or , indeed , non-sexual assault -- against a suspect who has been named on the basis on anonymous accusations .
But because the US Founders -- many of them descended from people fleeing official religious persecution -- guaranteed that there would never be a state-sanctioned religion , no religious group in America , no matter how small , is made to feel marginalized .
`` Finally , we must ensure that this darkness never descends again .
There are 121 million children of primary school age who are not in school , and more than half of these are girls - most of whom will never learn to read or write .
But , in my half-century of close acquaintance with Japanese life , I have never thought of the Japanese as stoic .
The French do not care that they have never been able to articulate their vision of a `` third way , '' for they remain deeply convinced that the state has a key role to play in steering markets in order to defend `` higher '' values from the single-minded pursuit of materialism .
Sadly , then as now , countries never seem to learn from others ' mistakes .
The crucial test will be his ability to reform the labor market , whose rigidities are widely seen as the main cause of France 's relatively poor economic performance , with an unemployment rate that has never dipped below 8 % over the last 25 years .
One reason why Sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a `` win-win '' strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation .
But Iran has resources that Cambodia and Laos could never muster ; indeed , its ability to retaliate could set the entire region ablaze .
An armed peace has held for a year . But an armed peace never lasts .
Both agreed that reform must be slow , cautious and that it must never undermine established institutions , especially religion and the patriarchal family .
Communism never stopped Arab regimes opposed by the United States from accepting arms supplies from the Soviet-era Russians , but it did prevent Russia from securing the kind of intimate influence that America had secured with its regional allies .
An overwhelmingly young population is being exposed to the outside world and communicating with peers in the region -- through travel , satellite TV , and the Internet -- as never before .
After Ibn Saud 's death , his sons , though never entirely united , maintained enough coherence to keep the store running .
Indeed , with the ratio of royals to commoners now at one to a thousand -LRB- compared to one to five million in the United Kingdom -RRB- , the challenge of managing princely privileges , salaries , and demand for jobs has never been more intense .
Street demonstrations , elections , and political debate in cafes and on the Internet are flowering as never before .
There is no other example of a nation that returned after a 2,000-year absence to a territory that it never stopped regarding as its homeland .
Indeed , never before has the question of legitimacy been so fundamental to a conflict between nations .
What is coming to light is a much deeper evil , a loss of values within Israeli society and its government , such as never existed before .
Ariel Sharon and Menachem Begin went all the way to Beirut in the early 1980 's , paying a terrible and bloody price , to try to eliminate the PLO -- a result that could never be obtained .
We can congratulate ourselves : better late than never !
Despite China 's limited room for maneuver with regard to its stocks of foreign-exchange reserves , it should never give up its efforts to safeguard the value of its hard-earned wealth , which has been entrusted to the good will and supposedly responsible hands of the US government .
Economic growth , of course , has never been linear in any country .
Ghana has never had a civil war - a badge of honor in conflict-prone sub-Saharan Africa - and three years ago staged a peaceful transfer of power from one elected government to another .
Of course , it never really went away , even in countries formally adhering to free-market principles .
With its huge domestic economy , China would never have been able to accumulate such an enormous external surplus if its growth had not been confined to such enterprises .
Unfortunately , in the international arena these two conditions are almost never met .
Thus , the explosion of CDOs in the United States during the housing boom was predicated upon the shaky assumption that house prices never fall nationwide .
