According to the constitution -LRB- originally promulgated in 1973 by an elected parliament -RRB- , a serving military official can not run for an elected office .
Musharraf was not ready to give up his military post , but also wanted to be a civilian president .
In the event of sustained protests and potential violence , top military commanders may decide to send Musharraf home -- a decision that would not be unprecedented in Pakistan 's chronically turbulent history .
As chaos and confusion set in , we should not lose sight of President Pervez Musharraf 's partial responsibility for this turn of events . At the very least , he can not be absolved from his government 's failure to provide Bhutto with adequate security .
Whether or not the government was involved , the fact remains that Pakistan has lost a desperately needed leader .
With Pakistan 's future in the balance , the West 's help and support will be crucial , but that means recognizing that Musharraf is not the only leader who can resolve Pakistan 's myriad problems and manage the war on terror .
Unlike Iraq and Afghanistan , democracy is not new to this 60-year-old state , but ethnic cleavages , weak institutions , and religious extremism in the North are perennially destabilizing .
Meanwhile , President George W. Bush has said that `` if another September 11-style attack is being planned , it probably is being plotted in Pakistan and not Afghanistan . ''
Kayani has repeatedly declared that the army will not interfere in political affairs , and that the parliament and constitution are supreme .
This indicates that the US will not back Musharraf in any confrontation between him and Pakistan 's democratic forces . Most Pakistanis hope so .
Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that Pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect .
Moreover , any attempt by Musharraf to dislodge the government by using his constitutional authority would trigger another election , the results of which would not be much different from the vote in February .
South Asia at War CAMBRIDGE -- Last month 's terrorist assault in Mumbai targeted not only India 's economy and sense of security . Its broader goal was to smash the India-Pakistan détente that has been taking shape since 2004 .
The attackers did not hide their faces or blow themselves up with suicide jackets .
Anonymity was not their goal . They wanted to be identified as defenders of a cause .
India is not blameless here .
Equally important for Pakistan is to expand and reform its public education system and improve basic services so that radical groups can not lure young people into their educational and welfare networks .
Still , it 's not over until it 's over -- and in the short term a lot depends on the state 's capacity to hold the Swat area and re-establish civilian institutions there .
The answer to that question lies within the various Muslim communities of the region , not just in Pakistan .
In Pakistan , the democratic transition , after years of military rule , is still not complete .
The army command must finally recognize that repeated military interventions have not served the country well .
Most significantly , in the face of martial law and political assassination , Pakistanis have not given up their dream of democracy .
The Army , which recruits heavily in the Punjab , will not use force there in the way it is doing in the tribal areas .
The deep security crisis in Pakistan is mirrored across the border in Afghanistan , which offers a model of what not to do .
`` The US and Britain will not be able to control Iraq , '' Assad claimed .
Recently , the 90-year-old Grand Mufti of Syria , Sheik Ahmad Kiftaro , called on Muslims worldwide to carry out `` martyr operations '' against American interests , a call that could not have been made without advance government approval .
This should not be surprising , for Syria 's rulers over the last thirty years have proven skillful at hedging their bets .
Nonetheless , if the Americans win in Iraq -- which they must in order to maintain their global credibility as a superpower -- their relations with their new Syrian neighbors will not be easy .
Resolving all outstanding issues will not happen quickly .
Moreover , the Syrian view of the Arab-Israeli dispute can not be glossed over , because Syrian agreement is necessary for any peaceful settlement .
On the other hand , with Americans controlling Iraq , Syria will find itself surrounded by three unfriendly -LRB- if not outright hostile -RRB- and allied neighbors : the Americans in the East , and the Turks and Israelis in the north and south , both of which occupy Syrian territories .
Syrian poet and political analyst Ammar Abdulhamid suggests that a thaw - if not quite change , then perhaps its precursor - is now occurring in Syria .
In its way , All4Syria has provided an indirect conduit for dialogue between government and opposition , which may not have taken place otherwise .
So far , Syria 's authorities have not reacted to the Tharwa Project .
Despite frequent claims to the contrary , the fundamental problem in the Middle East is not intervention by the West .
For one thing , the interests of the Shia communities in Iraq and Iran are not the same .
Although he has opened Syria 's border to jihadists and has allowed Saddam 's supporters to operate freely there , that choice may not be entirely his .
But that is merely another erroneous -LRB- not to mention amoral -RRB- assumption .
Assad can not turn his back on all of this .
Worse , the debt that states raise abroad is usually denominated in a currency whose value they can not control .
Lending to governments against the collateral of a port or railroad -- or the use of military force to secure repayment -- was not unknown .
The Greek debacle jeopardized the well-being of all of Europe , not only Greeks .
It would certainly make it difficult for governments to borrow abroad , but that would be a good outcome for their citizens , not an imposition .
Europe 's Second Chance in the Balkans Confronting the disintegration of Yugoslavia in 1991 , former EU Council President Jacques Poos made his famous but now derided statement : `` This is the hour of Europe ... not the hour of the Americans . ''
The decision on Kosovo may not imply the prospect of renewed large-scale conflict , but it does raise serious questions for Europe 's relations with Russia and the United States , as well as for stability throughout the Balkans .
Some European countries apparently believe that they can maintain an EU consensus in support of Ahtisaari 's plan but allow Russian foot-dragging on the grounds that delay is not unreasonable and something better may turn up with additional negotiations .
Many believe that Russia will not risk its relations with Europe and the US , ultimately abstaining if Western countries hold firm .
Putin 's Russia is not Yeltsin 's Russia , when the West could simply shunt aside Russian concerns .
Many claimed that the Kremlin was delaying the inevitable but ultimately would not block independence .
Russia has said that it will not give Serbia a blank check , but it will likely support the Serbian government 's efforts to isolate and destabilize an independent Kosovo .
Russia will certainly continue its diplomatic efforts to persuade the world that negotiations are the only way to solve the problem , and that it can not be solved outside the UN .
While the US and the EU do not want to worsen relations with Russia , they can not retreat in the face of Russian obduracy ; security in Europe is at stake .
Resolution 1244 does not state that Kosovo must remain under Serb sovereignty , as Russia and Serbia insist , nor does it preclude independence .
In the first weeks after Arafat 's death , that seemed not to matter .
Hamas has declared that it will not nominate its own candidate for the PA presidency .
But in the end , Israel will also have to make a choice , because peace will require Israeli concessions , not just compromises from the Palestinians .
How the Palestinians choose to respond to these changed circumstances may well determine whether or not they at last achieve an independent state .
He successfully persuaded Palestinian militants to hold their fire and show Israelis and the world that dismantling settlements need not involve Israeli-Palestinian violence .
The campaign and its themes reflect an internal fight for control of the Gaza Strip and other PA-administered territories , and stresses Hamas ' determination not to be disarmed and to continue the `` armed struggle '' in the West Bank .
These are not problems that can await resolution . Someone must decide soon , for example , about the division of the land and the apartments to be built in what is already known as `` Khalifa bin Zaid City , '' located on a former Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip .
No matter what happens the day after Israel 's final Gaza disengagement , one can not escape the fact that Hamas 's military options have diminished greatly .
Continued armed struggle by Hamas will not be easy .
The political , security , and economic circumstances of the Palestinians require a government focused on solving problems , not ideological purity .
The Bush administration has declared that it will not deal with a Hamas government , because Hamas remains committed to Israel 's destruction .
Immediately after the election , a senior Hamas official , Mahmoud al-Zahar , said that Hamas would maintain the cease-fire with Israel begun last February , if Israel did the same . Hamas may be signaling that it will not provoke Israel .
And Palestinians accepted Hamas 's view that negotiations based on the Oslo Accords could not achieve Palestinian rights and political ambitions .
With the Palestinians ' future at stake -- not to mention the future of Israel and the Middle East -- no one can say if Hamas is up to the task .
But Fatah has not accepted defeat , while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government .
Israel might not wait for Abbas and his forces , but rather launch a full-scale intervention to weaken Hamas .
Abbas says that if a coalition government is not agreed upon within the next two weeks , he will dissolve the current government , a move Hamas will not tolerate .
Under Israel 's occupation , and then with the establishment of the Palestinian Authority -LRB- PA -RRB- in 1994 , the territories remained separated geographically , but not politically .
A house divided against itself can not stand , said Abraham Lincoln .
As a ruling party , Hamas has insisted that its sole concern is the Palestinian people , not a global Islamic revolution .
Hamas has not imposed Islamic law in the Gaza Strip .
But Hamas 's failure to establish and implement Islamic law is not the only issue that rankles .
Hamas does not share this view , and Palestinian reconciliation efforts have reached an impasse .
But there is a growing sense that the waiting game can not last much longer . Whatever comes next will most likely come soon .
Unchecked , these diseases not only sap the strength of national economies , but jeopardize peace and security .
The Global Fund is not perfect ; as with all new organizations , it is experiencing growing pains .
In fact , the secret to OPEC 's survival is its weakness , not its strength .
The Saudis did not like the recent meeting .
Of course , prices can not continue to rise indefinitely -- the price increase will ration demand .
As global oil demand increases , there is not enough capacity to meet it -- a cycle that will continue until demand collapses .
Oil production does not matter ; exports do , which means that announcements of increases in oil output are irrelevant for prices .
That said , OPEC members and oil-consuming countries policymakers alike should not forget that nothing cures high prices like high prices .
We are not starting from scratch .
A true joint Euro-Atlantic missile defense would demonstrate NATO 's collective will , not only to defend against the new threats of today and tomorrow , but also to send a clear message that there is nothing to be gained from missile proliferation .
We need a missile-defense system that includes not just all NATO countries , but Russia , too .
If that happens , we can move forward to create a missile-defense system that not only defends the Euro-Atlantic community , but that also brings it together .
We are not quite there , but we are getting there . Missile defense can be part of that positive trend .
Foreign policy disputes between Europe , France in particular , and the US are mounting , and not only over the Israeli-Palestinian bloodbath and the conduct of the anti-terrorism war .
But Europe 's criticisms , no matter how sound , will not be taken seriously by the US so long as the Continent continues to free-ride on America 's defenses , something it has done for half-a-century .
Security and global influence are not the only benefits that come through military expenditure .
This can no longer continue - at least not if the EU is serious about playing a leading role in the world .
But diplomatic explanations are not what Argentina needs .
It does not need to waste scarce money on diplomacy of dubious value -- not when the country lacks an agency dedicated to helping Argentine businessmen sell their goods abroad .
He should not be duplicating what Argentina 's President and Foreign Minister are capable of doing .
Exports do not exceed 10 % of GDP , and manufactured goods account for only about a third of total exports .
So it is surprising that this choice is not at the center of the political debate in the campaign for the presidency now underway .
Perhaps it is not by chance that Argentina has the largest number of psychology students in the world .
All citizens stand to benefit from competitive markets for products and services , but more often than not , the broad coalition required to sustain pro-competitive policies never materializes ; political support simply is n't there .
This question is important not only in transition economies and other emerging market countries , but in rich countries as well -- in fact almost everywhere , except possibly the US and the UK , which long ago embarked on a process of radical and far-reaching economic liberalization .
In short , regulation tends to distort incentives , stimulating what economists call rent-seeking behavior : the taxi driver and the license official collect unearned premiums -LRB- rents -RRB- solely because they can exploit their position as insiders , not because they are more productive .
Without government regulation -LRB- including rules requiring that consumers purchase their useless services -RRB- , public notaries would not have the position from which they draw rents .
Since 1945 , there had not been a single base closure .
Generating sufficient political support to enact reforms that can survive the opposition of vested interests requires attempting to deregulate the entire economy simultaneously , not select industries , one by one .
Of course , love of research and teaching is why many people join university faculties in the first place , but why not give these noble sentiments a helping hand with appropriate financial incentives ?
The result is that it is not uncommon for a bright , productive young professor in America to earn as much , if not more , than older and less productive colleagues .
When US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld spoke recently of `` Old Europe , '' he was right , but not in the way he intended .
But increasing the number of immigrant workers will not necessarily raise fertility rates .
The old do not work , and a smaller and smaller share of the population -LRB- the disappearing young -RRB- is taxed to support them .
Even more remarkable is not the level of savings among the old , but how it changes over time .
Default is unlikely , although not impossible , on pension benefits . But it is more likely on the provision of health services , by far the most important service for old people .
One reason why Europeans work less is because they pay more taxes , and high taxes are necessary to support those who do not work - an obvious vicious circle .
Europe grows less because it works less - and it should not be surprised if a number of so-called `` developing countries '' soon catch up with Europe in terms of income per capita .
Indeed , at one European newspaper , articles that arrived via e-mail were re-typed by typographers : the technology for transferring them electronically was available , but not the work rules to allow the paper to apply it .
Unions are not the only culprits .
For we believe that the transatlantic divide does mirror fundamental differences in values -- with the immediate caveat that these differences do not , and should not , bring the two sides into conflict .
In fact , even the American poor do not mind inequality , which they see as a social ladder that they can climb .
These numbers are not just about social spending , but have implication for issues like defense and foreign policy .
But this is difficult for Europe to achieve , let alone contemplate : looming deficits and exhausted taxpayers make it hard , if not impossible , to divert several percentage points of GDP to military spending .
One explanation is that America is a more mobile society where the poor are not trapped and can seemingly get out of poverty if they really try .
The European poor do not have such mobility and thus lack the supposed chance that poor Americans possess .
Even poor whites oppose redistributive policies , owing to racial distrust , if not downright animosity .
It was innovation , and high productivity , not a weak currency , that enabled German and Japanese goods to conquer the world .
As was true for Germany and the Deutsche Mark and remains true for Japan and the yen , a strong dollar has not historically caused weak US growth .
Of course , given the political risks , governments should not wait for confrontation with pensioners .
Of course , it is easy to understand why this does not happen : when redistribution is transparent , those who pay for it can complain .
Europe simply could not afford the failure of the euro project , so it 's leaders did what was necessary .
More importantly , the `` punishment '' for not complying was clear , strong , and certain : exclusion from the monetary union .
Obviously the European Commission can play a positive role only if it embraces a stance in favor of liberalizing markets and does not fall into the trap of focusing on coordinating national regulation throughout the Union .
This , however , will not happen overnight , and in the meantime the demand for more regulation may result in a structure that is heavy , ineffective , and in the end impedes , rather than corrects , market forces .
Here , even the recent changes in the US have not gone far enough : they prevent accounting firms from also serving as advisors to a firm , but they still leave the decision about remunerating the accountants in the hands of the company , thus creating a perverse incentive to play fast and loose with financial reporting .
Even leaving aside this vision , Ryanair succeeded in providing cheap fares in a European travel market that not long ago was prohibitively expensive .
Punishing this airline will only reduce competition in the airline industry , an outcome that , Mario Monti , the EU competition commissioner , and Loyola de Palacio , the EU transport commissioner , can not possibly want .
Brussels can not force a member country to privatize : it can only force it to run a state-owned company as if it were a private corporation .
This made sense in 1945 ; it does not today .
Why France and Britain and not Germany or Japan , two much larger economies ?
The EU does not have a common foreign policy and it will not have one in the foreseeable future , but this is no reason to continue to provide a preference to France and Britain .
While a European foreign policy does not exist , Europe has some sort of common economic policy : 12 of the 15 current members have adopted the euro as their currency and share a central bank .
Of course , European leaders strongly oppose any such reform : they fear losing not only important opportunities to have their photographs taken , but real power as well .
Why should they not be represented at the same level as Italy or France ?
After all , Horst Köhler , the IMF managing director , resigned from a job that commands the world 's attention to accept the nomination to become President of Germany , a ceremonial post with no power whatsoever , not even inside Germany .
It is thus not surprising that some Europeans - particularly the French - are so reluctant to reform the international organizations , even in terms of cutting waste and inefficiency at the UN .
After all , might not someone then suggest that the first step in such a reform is to reduce Europe to a single seat on the Security Council ?
The over-representation of Western Europe and the under-representation of growing developing countries can not last .
Obsolete dreams of grandeur should not be allowed to interfere with a realistic and fair distribution of power in the international arena .
It will not be long before even Europe 's more respectable conservative parties reach for rhetoric about `` foreigners coming here to feast off of our taxes . ''
Despite the open market rhetoric of the EU , for most citizens of the new member states free labor mobility will not be a reality for the next seven years at least .
Given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the EU , and the stingy attitude of the Union to its new members , it should not surprise anyone if an anti-European reaction soon starts to brew in these countries .
To be sure , managing a melting pot is not easy , and many of America 's social problems are related to difficult race relations .
But New York and Los Angeles , the two most ethnically diverse cities in the US , are also America 's leaders in business and in the arts . Nothing comes easy in this world : if the Union can not manage a multicultural society in Europe , then it ought to prepare itself for permanent stagnation .
Given Western Europe 's growing need for labor in the years ahead , the question is not whether to have immigration , but only where that immigration is going to come from .
Although some Americans always like to boast about their superior work ethic , this disparity in working hours between the US and Europe has not always existed .
They may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family -LRB- typically a man -RRB- , but they do influence the participation of women in the labor force .
But even this is not a sufficient explanation , because studies of how the supply of labor responds to tax changes suggest that something else must explain the enormous gap between US and Europe , especially France and Germany .
The problem is that total compensation did not go down in proportion to the shorter hours , thus leading to an increase in pay per hour .
But much of this discussion is merely a form of `` political correctness . '' It is more reassuring - and `` feels better '' - to tell Europeans that growth is sluggish because society is not sufficiently knowledge-based , rather than pointing to the trade-off between vacations and growth .
But I can not -LRB- and do not -RRB- then complain if my income does not grow faster and faster .
Inequality can be accepted , but not if it is the fruit of corruption , and this remains China 's foremost social problem , which the Party has been unable to eradicate , despite Caijng 's exposés and the death penalty .
The point is that questions such as , `` Are we creating too much inequality ? '' can not even be asked in China .
This is why China can not shelve the problem of its transition to democracy .
Democracy is not only a mechanism to help prevent strategic mistakes .
But if it happens , it will not result from grassroots democratic experiments in towns and villages ; rather , it will be an elite-driven transition , careful to preserve the government 's control .
We do not know whether Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and\/or President Jacques Chirac called Berlusconi to suggest that he find a new Italian Commissioner .
Maybe they did , and maybe they did n't : one can not know , especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia .
In many ways , this is not surprising : once politicians no longer face annual EU progress reports - and the threat of exclusion - fiscal relaxation becomes much less costly .
At the same time , the big euro area members -LRB- France and Germany -RRB- do not have a leg to stand on to criticize other countries ' fiscal policies , so there are virtually no international constraints on EU countries ' budget deficits .
Throughout Central and Eastern Europe , the EU is not as popular as it used to be .
Participating in their first-ever EU election , citizens in these countries turned out at a rate not only well below the European average -LRB- about 45 % -RRB- , but even below the UK average .
This `` adjustment fatigue , '' a term coined to describe the experience of Latin American countries to economic liberalization in the 1990 's , is now coupled with the feeling that the EU is not such a great bargain after all .
German households , on the other hand , according to a recent poll published in the influential daily , Die Welt , are in a more sober mood : most plan on cutting down their vacation travel -- which , obviously , does not mean that they will work more ; they will just spend some of the many weeks of their paid leisure at home -- and postponing large item purchases .
Globalization is not responsible for third world poverty .
There is not one shred of evidence showing that more openness to trade increases poverty , but anti-globalists do not let facts interfere with their ideology .
It is not true that poor countries have become poorer .
Traditionally , instead , foreign aid paid no attention to the virtues of the receiving countries and did not discriminate in favor of `` good governments . ''
One of the reasons is that these countries did not have colonies and political alliances to support .
Instead , Argentina never balanced its budget , not even the budget net of interest payments on its debt .
In his recent vitriolic attacks on the IMF Stiglitz implied that he cares for the poor while the IMF does not .
This surplus , however , has not come from reduced spending , but from a set of inefficient and distortionary taxes , mostly on financial transactions .
The real issue in Brazil today is not whether a 3.8 % primary surplus is sufficient to keep the debt stable , but whether the economy can survive its burden of distortionary taxes .
The election of a populist politician in the coming presidential election will not change this .
Latin America does not need financial engineering .
That condemnation matters , because passing judgment on the trade-off between the efficiency gains to be had from any merger versus the threat to competition is a subtle matter , not an ideological one .
The Court agreed , in principle , that the merger could allow such leveraging to occur , but it found that the Commission did not prove that the merged entity would have an incentive to use this possibility .
But , like the fight against subsidies to businesses , these are battles that are directed against state intervention , not private companies .
What this practice entails is that countries negotiate lower tariffs on some types of products but not on others .
Contrary to appearances , open sectoralism is not a first step to more comprehensive trade agreements .
Such agreements , which often dismantle not only tariffs but other regulatory barriers , may appear unassailable .
The Union needs to play a more active role in the wider world , not in pursuit of selfish interests , but in promoting the universal values on which it is founded .
In fact , there is a sense that we can not afford to fail .
The basic institutional balances between the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament are not in question .
From my own long experience of negotiation , I know that talk of winners and losers is not just unhelpful , but misleading .
But not only demagogues like Jean-Marie Le-Pen and Europe 's other lumpen extreme rightists incite trouble .
At a dinner party in London not long ago he described Israel as `` that shitty little country . ''
His vulgar comments are not particularly frightful .
He was not recalled by his government ; Tony Blair 's government did not request his recall ; popular opinion treated the matter as merely another scandal .
Indeed , the French press thought the ambassador a victim of Britain 's tabloid press , not of his contemptible sentiments .
As one columnist notably said , Israel has become `` the object of hate that dare not speak its name . ''
But we must not only dare , we are obliged to speak .
We must not be silent about the daily attacks in France against Jews and synagogues .
It is a shame for all of Europe that many French Jews can not send their children to school without worrying about their security .
The Mufti of Jerusalem stated that `` it 's not my fault that Hitler hated the Jews , they hate them just about everywhere . ''
Jew-hatred , if not contained , almost always develops into assaults on other groups and minorities and finally undermines democratic institutions and the rule of law .
When Judaism did not surrender , Jews were expelled or killed .
I do not equate criticism of Israel with anti-Semitism .
Sometimes anti-Zionists claim that they are not against Jews but are `` only '' against the Jewish state .
But suppose someone said : `` I am only against the existence of Great Britain , I am not anti-British ! ''
You would not believe them .
David Kay , perhaps the most effective arms inspector , insisted that he did not trust them .
My guess is that the US will not allow Blix and the inspectors that he oversees to be deceived by Iraq again .
In July 1995 , Serb forces attacked . The UN did not honor its pledge .
The Dutch fired not a single shot .
NATO air power could have halted the Serbs , but Annan did not ask for NATO intervention .
Annan maintained his extreme passiveness even after the airplane crash that killed Habyarimana , which signaled the genocide 's start , helped by the indifference of the great powers -LRB- America not least -RRB- .
Even subsequent revelations about Annan 's responsibility for the disasters in Rwanda and Bosnia did not affect his standing .
Annan can not plead that he faced any risk to his personal safety , whereas Wallenberg in 1944 and 1945 was in constant peril .
Nor can he possibly excuse himself by saying that no warnings were given , or that he lacked resources , or that he did not have the international position to intervene .
The United States naturally does not export such arms to China . Instead , the US is trying to deter China 's rulers from launching a military attack on the democrats in Taiwan .
Typically enough , no EU-country has mentioned Taiwan as a reason not to resume arms exports .
Instead , the EU talks of a `` code of conduct '' -LRB- which probably does not mean very much , but sounds nice -RRB- and `` free trade '' -LRB- another charming euphemism for arms exports to dictatorships .
For what the EU in practice says to China is this : `` Taiwan 's cause in not our own . ''
But Reinfeldt , like Jacques Chirac , has forgotten something . Liberal-minded people may very well prefer not just to exchange one cynical prime minister for another at the next election .
But that should not surprise anyone : the North Korean regime has always been committed to making military power the `` first priority '' in the state budget .
China 's success here would not only enhance its own international prestige , but would also contribute immensely to promoting regional stability and prosperity throughout East Asia .
The United States ' planned withdrawal of troops from Asia , which President George W. Bush announced on August 16 , need not harm peace and stability in the region and particularly in Korea .
But a key condition for a smooth redeployment of US troops is close consultations by America with its allies , something it has not done well up to now .
Indeed , it should not be forgotten that North Korea maintains an army of 1.1 million troops .
The Bush administration tries to rebut these charges by saying that the plan will not weaken the deterrence capabilities of American forces , for America 's far more powerful air and naval presence in the area will be maintained .
A formal recognition by Turkey of the Republic of Cyprus , including its extension to the Northern part of the island , was not requested as a precondition for starting accession talks .
The Cyprus issue should therefore not be construed as an obstacle to the start of negotiations .
This statement is to the credit of the European Commission , and there is not much to be added , except to emphasize that it is up to EU governments to treat Turkey with the fairness that all candidate countries deserve .
TB and HIV : A Combination Made in Hell We have interviewed many people living with TB in Tanzania and Nigeria , and Fatima 's fears and concerns are not unique .
Despite the fact that in many parts of sub-Saharan Africa more than half of all TB patients are HIV-positive , most HIV\/AIDS testing sites do not offer TB diagnostic and treatment services .
Yet these efforts have not been taken on a large scale and are not sufficient to stem the dramatic resurgence of TB caused by HIV\/AIDS .
Obviously , Turkey 's Islamists are not the only ones with serious doubts about the war .
The struggling economy does not need the disruption of even a rapidly resolved military conflict .
Well aware of western doubts about the party , Erdogan traveled immediately after the elections to western capitals , pressing his argument that the change in government had not changed Turkey 's fundamental orientation .
The chief of India 's Anti-Terrorist Squad , Hemant Karkare -LRB- who lost his life in the battles that raged through the night -RRB- received a death threat from the nearby city of Pune , but his own unit did not bother to investigate it , since it was busy playing games on behalf of its political masters .
It has fought off Muslim terrorists in Kashmir , Sikh terrorists in Punjab , Christian terrorists in Nagaland , and Hindu terrorists in Assam and across the country . It understands that you can not blame the whole community for the sins of a few .
Three years ago , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh rather smugly told President George W. Bush in Delhi that Indian Muslims were not involved in any act of terrorism .
But Singh certainly did not fool any of the terrorists , some of whom may have read his self-congratulation as a challenge for them to act .
It also offers a perspective on why employees work for some employers and not others , why they work as hard as they do , and , indeed , why they go to work at all .
For example , in the standard economic analysis of workplace gender discrimination , men do not like to associate with women on the job -- in the same way that they might prefer apples to oranges .
Likewise , the standard economic analysis of racial discrimination is that whites do not want to associate with non-whites , and so demand a premium to buy from or work with non-whites .
We can not explain this convergence in terms of standard economic arguments , such as changes in relative prices and incomes , because no such changes were sufficiently large .
Women early in the twentieth century were not supposed to smoke ; it was inappropriate behavior .
By the 1970 's , however , advertising campaigns targeted `` liberated '' women , telling them that smoking was not only acceptable , but desirable .
Overall military pay is relatively flat -- that is , it does not go up and down depending on performance , and it is also lower than for comparable positions in civilian firms .
But with identity economics it all makes sense , and we gain an entirely new perspective on work incentives , not just in the military , but in all pursuits .
In the civilian world , too , the most important determinant of whether an organization functions well is not the monetary incentive system , as standard economic models would imply , but whether its workers identify with the organization and with their job within it .
If they do not , they will seek to game the incentive system , rather than to meet the organization 's goals .
Likewise , good schooling occurs not as a result of monetary rewards and costs -- the stock-in-trade of conventional economics -- but because students , parents , and teachers identify with their schools , and because that identification is associated with learning .
But in many other situations , we would miss major sources of motivation -- and thus would adopt useless , if not counter-productive , measures aimed at producing the outcomes we seek .
The restaurant is decorated not only with oriental carpets , but with life-size figures of the movie 's heroes firing machine guns or sitting on crates of dynamite .
But the Soviet past , not ethnic motifs , are the biggest element in contemporary Muscovite restaurant design .
Russian literature is not forgotten .
But this case is not about oligarchs trying to interfere in politics ; it is about a group of artists and curators whose professional activities have unexpectedly turned into a political hot potato .
The intellectuals did n't identify them , but the fascist political party Pamyat -LRB- Memory -RRB- did not hesitate .
Church officials are not calling for that harsh a penalty .
The difference is that administrative offenses are punished with fines , at most , not prison terms .
Yet his complaint is not with Islam but with the secular Turkish Republic .
Yes , this is indeed the position increasingly adopted by Turkey 's Islamic opinion leaders -- who are striving not for jihad or an `` Islamic state , '' but just a modest preservation of tradition .
The Philippines is not a country used to seeing powerful people punished .
When officials are accused or suspected of corruption , they do not quickly resign , as in Korea or Japan .
Yet Filipinos themselves simply can not seem to imagine their leaders behind bars .
Even before Estrada 's conviction , opinion polls showed that 48 % of Filipinos wanted clemency , if not a guaranteed pardon from Arroyo .
With so few examples of justice clearly dispensed , and overwhelmed by examples of villains so easily forgiven or forgotten , perhaps Filipinos could not bring themselves to demand what they could not imagine .
Notwithstanding the opinion polls , it does seem as though the public not only accepts his conviction , but that they respect it as the outcome of a fair system that has been allowed to work .
This suggests not only that justice in the Philippines has a chance ; equally important , it suggests that Filipinos will give justice a chance .
`` Is it at all possible to get a comment from Mayor Yuri Luzhkov ? '' the reporter asked . `` He is not in Moscow , '' the woman replied .
The morgue is full , and there are not enough refrigerators for the dead -- they just put bodies along the walls . ''
Of course not .
People who had lost their homes , clothing , and everything else were complaining to Putin that the regional and local government did not warn them that the fire was coming .
In many towns and villages , there was no electricity , so water pumps were not operable . `` No one even tried to save us , '' they wailed to Putin , who was accompanied by the regional governor , Valery Shantsev .
Like all other Russian governors , he was not elected by those who live in his region -LRB- before becoming governor , he was Luzhkov 's deputy -RRB- .
Shortly before the vote , the speaker of the Duma proclaimed that parliament is not a place for deliberation .
A regime that can not respond to its citizens ' basic needs has no legitimacy at all .
This is not to say that scientists should dominate the government decision-making process .
It is the business of politicians , not scientists , to consider the relative costs and benefits of the options before them , weighing them as they see fit in reaching their conclusions .
But it did not say what maximum arsenic concentration the government should legislate .
Thus , a new social contract is needed , especially as a new , post-Soviet generation of Russians has entered political life -- a generation that has not been poisoned by the fear that decades of state terror in the USSR implanted in their forebears .
The majority of Soviet people did not have a car or a country house or even a separate apartment .
At first , people did not think of civil rights as they strove for such previously unknown comforts .
There are also other signs of awakening civic engagement , which are particularly evident in Internet discussions , which the Kremlin can not control in the same way that it does other Russian media .
It is not hard to see why .
In educational policy , however , to impose the same system on all members would not create economies of scale .
The US Constitution , for example , does not prescribe balanced budgets for the states .
The bombing of a pipeline or other oil facility somewhere in Iraq remains almost a daily occurrence , and the transfer of power has not reduced these attacks so far .
At the same time , maintaining the flow of funds into the Iraqi oil sector is essential , not only for its growth , but for its very survival .
Theoretically , international loans could be an alternative , but who would lend to an unstable government , let alone a government whose legitimacy has not been fully established ?
Isolationist politicians may not care about other countries , but they should think twice lest they harm their own .
The biggest threats to the world 's energy security are not terrorist attacks or embargoes by oil-producing countries -- short-term events that can be dealt with quickly and effectively through various measures , including reliance on strategic petroleum reserves , increases in production , and diversion of oil shipments .
Of course , these efforts will almost surely fail to replace oil within a reasonable time , as they are not market-driven and require heavy subsidies .
Even if the oil producing countries do not intentionally bring about an oil price collapse , they might accelerate production as much as they could in the short term , while oil still had some value .
Thus , if alternative energy technologies did not come on-line by the time oil production started to fall , global shortages would become inevitable , while closing the investment deficit would take years , even in the face of rising oil prices .
Iran 's natural gas resources , if developed , would not be a substitute for cheap nuclear power , because gas is more profitable in other uses than in power generation .
Domestic pressure could very well bring down the regime , but international pressure will not .
It is not in Iran 's interest , under any scenario , to decrease oil exports , let alone halt them .
For example , some oil-producing countries ask their customers to pay in euros , but that does not mean that their oil is priced in euros .
In the short-term , dollar depreciation does not affect supply and demand , but it does affect speculation and investment in oil futures markets .
Even oil production in the United States has not matched the increase in oil prices , as rising import costs for tools and equipment -- partly a reflection of the dollar 's weakness and other factors -- have forced project delays and cancellations .
Oil prices hit records in the US in 2004 and 2005 , but not in Europe , which partly explains why economic growth there has not been affected .
Free and fair elections do not exist .
According to the president 's son and heir-apparent , Teodorin Obiang , in Equatorial Guinea it is not illegal for a government minister to own a company and to submit bids for government contracts to the ministry that he or she controls .
Such brazen corruption would be laughable if its effects were not so debilitating to the country .
What due diligence was conducted to ensure that the money it received to fund the prize was not actually stolen from the very Africans whose interests UNESCO claims to champion ?
UNESCO -- not alone among UN entities -- seems more inclined to bend over backwards to avoid taking any action that might offend `` African sensibilities '' on its board .
Yet the big picture in Africa is not uniformly bleak .
At the same time , we in Europe can not afford to dismiss Africa 's troubles as if they had no impact on our own societies .
The European project has been built on values that we deem to be universal , and we must make a very real effort to uphold them , not only as a moral imperative , but also because it is in our strategic interest .
The ESDP has not functioned long enough to establish a clear track record .
This requires not just reinforcing resilience in the face of crisis , but also equipping euro-area economies for the longer-term challenges of globalization , aging , resource scarcity , and climate change .
The `` PIIGS '' -LRB- Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- greatly benefited from the euro , thanks not only to the removal of currency-related trade barriers , but also because their interest rates suddenly fell to levels unthinkable in pre-euro times .
Suddenly , reform became une impérieuse obligation , if not -- given the pressure of financial markets -- a matter of outright survival .
Indeed , despite endemic social unrest , a large majority of Greeks acknowledges the need for change and does not oppose it .
Euroskeptics will say that it is not the euro , but the crisis itself , that has catalyzed reform .
To be sure , the euro alone has not been a sufficient trigger .
As for the structural reforms now underway or in the planning stage , the most important question is not whether the euro , the crisis , or a combination of the two brought them about , but whether they will succeed .
The global public-goods paradigm also implies some commensurability , if not uniformity , in the way we respond to various global collective-action challenges .
It would thus be much more worthwhile to focus on a neglected issue : what responsibilities do we all have toward people who happen not to be our compatriots ?
We need to recognize that global governance is not a technocratic puzzle to be solved by clever institutional design .
We can not establish an effective social contract without an explicit understanding of our responsibilities towards each other -- and of the rights that emerge alongside those responsibilities .
The answers are to be found not only in the speeches given at the United Nations General Assembly or at the Davos World Economic Forum , but in the conversations we have with our friends , families , and colleagues .
Whether or not we realize it , we have comparable conversations every day .
These trends are not easily reversed .
Thirty countries -- half of them in Africa -- do not have a single radiotherapy machine .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care .
The real tragedy , of course , is that many of these patients do not have to die .
Europeans should not succumb to this temptation , for the move from dependency to equal partnership is not measured by rhetoric .
But this is loneliness disguised as leadership and is not in America 's interest .
America would benefit not less than Europe from an effective system of global governance in the achievement of its goals -- be it freer trade , a viable non-proliferation regime , containment and prevention of regional conflicts , or better regulated financial markets .
A sober assessment of this process leads me to assert that a more capable and united Europe will usher in a more effective Atlantic Alliance and not , as some believe , in American disengagement from European commitments .
What the EU aims at is not a duplication of NATO structures or an alternative to the Atlantic Alliance .
The EU is preparing to deal -- jointly with US forces or with purely European forces when NATO as a whole decides not to engage -- with crises in and around Europe .
Washington , however , should not worry about this : if Europeans see the Alliance as a more European organization they are more likely to commit themselves -LRB- in budgetary terms , too -RRB- to its success .
The concept of Europe is not immutable , and rightly so .
What should not be pursued is a rigid , vertical and artificial division of labor , whereby the US plays the lone global leader -LRB- with Europe simply following -RRB- while the EU concentrates exclusively on enlarging its `` house '' -LRB- with the US disengaging from Continental security -RRB- .
A stable Euro makes stronger cooperation possible and desirable : not only to prevent global financial instability but to avoid the risk of conflicting currency blocs arising .
Scope will also then exist for revitalizing the WTO , for which a strong European-American commitment is a necessary precondition , though not the entire solution .
Operating within multilateral frameworks , however tiresome , has more often than not served US national interests as well as those of Europe .
This will not change .
A stronger EU is America 's natural partner , occasional competitor , but certainly not a rival .
But , as Robert Schuman wrote in his Declaration in 1950 , Europe could not be built all at once .
But not equally necessary is the enduring uncertainty about the common political platform upon which Europe 's voice in foreign policy will have to rely .
This document arose despite the fact that the Convention 's mandate did not empower the delegates to produce a constitution .
Yet , scholars such as Ralph Dahrendorf and Joseph Weiler suggest that a European constitution does not make sense because a democratic constitution presupposes a paramount common identity that is absent in an EU where individual national loyalties still prevail .
So the question is not whether Europe exists , but whether we are satisfied with the way it functions .
If not , can we fix it , and is a constitution the way to do it ?
Not many people realize it , but because of the patchwork of treaties from which today 's European institutions arose , `` Europe '' is not a unitary entity ; indeed , the `` European Union '' and the `` European Community '' denote two different things .
But Europe 's institutions are hard to criticize because they produce acts that ordinary people can not name or understand .
Because Europe has so many bodies that legislate - the Council of Ministers , the Council for Agriculture , the Council for Industry , the Council for the Environment , etc. - we can not know who is doing what and why .
One of them is that more Europe can not mean a centralized system .
Had it not been for the euro , the shock waves from the meltdown of September and October would have spread to the currency markets , creating tensions that would have set Europe 's political and economic integration back by decades , perhaps imperiling the whole project .
The answer is `` not nearly enough , '' and the political price may be high at next summer 's European Parliament elections .
The dominant `` handout approach '' is not sustainable , and , if continued , would likely exacerbate the Arab world 's current economic malaise .
Economic wealth can not be created by government decree ; it comes from productive jobs that create goods and services that people value .
Governments that hand out benefits are not making their citizens richer by generating new wealth ; they are simply redistributing existing wealth . This also applies to government-created and guaranteed jobs : if a job is indeed productive , its output would be rewarded by other members of society who benefit from it , without the need for government subsidies and guarantees .
The fact that government guarantees a job implies that its output is not wanted .
Such jobs are a liability for society , not an asset .
Government officials and their cronies did not necessarily engage in straightforward theft or pillaging .
As Arabs confront far-reaching change , they must not be distracted into fruitless debates about the right types of government support for citizens .
In international law , debt that is incurred without the consent of the people , and that is not used to their benefit , is referred to as `` odious '' ; as such , it is not considered transferable to successor regimes .
The reasoning is simple and logical : if someone fraudulently borrows money in my name , I am not expected to pay it back , and neither should a country 's population when an unrepresentative leader borrows in their name and to their detriment .
Corruption was rife , but not just the covert type : public money was openly used to support many businesses under flimsy pretexts like `` fostering economic growth '' and `` creating employment . ''
Since this money clearly benefited Mubarak but not his people , should it not be Mubarak , rather than his victims , who is held responsible for it ?
This would be not only fair , but it also would teach an important lesson to those who bankroll dictators -- a lesson that is likely to have an immediate positive impact worldwide .
An Egyptian precedent would bring awareness and sobriety to an entire generation of lenders that is not accustomed to considering this type of risk , and that may even be unfamiliar with the doctrine of odious debt .
Transferring liability for foreign debt to Mubarak should not have negative economic consequences for Egypt in the long run .
This move should not be understood as a move towards fiscal recklessness , but as a one-time break from it .
As long as Gazprom remains opaque , Europe can not know whether its key supplier is spending enough to develop future reserves .
Gazprom can not be a partner to Europe if it does not invest in its own infrastructure , yet plays a leading role in stripping Russian private businesses , invests $ 14 billion in non-core assets , such as news media , and is run from the Office of the Presidential Administration .
The lights must not go out across Europe .
An EU committed to its own defense , although not offering the same formal guarantees as NATO , offers candidate countries the prospect of belonging to a genuine security community .
In Europe , however , those challenges are matters of will and political leadership , which can not come from committees .
But if these three are determined to push ahead , they will represent the will of most , if not all , other EU members .
Membership in this group of three entails , not the power to command , but the responsibility to lead .
Last year 's Northern Rock debacle in the United Kingdom will long remain an example of how not to manage such risk .
For those without an equity cushion , refinancing was not a possibility , and rising interest rates have led to default , foreclosure , and homelessness .
No one talks of the bank manager , under pressure to sell `` financial products '' and eager to sign up customers , even if the products were not in a customer 's best interest .
The banker did not question a bonus system that favors one year of super profits , followed by bankruptcy , over two years of moderate , but stable , results .
Risk models do not justify abandoning one 's natural sense of incredulity .
The justification was that the ECB is concerned with inflation , not relative price adjustments .
This means that monetary policy is geared towards the needs of large countries , like Germany , not to those of , say , Belgium .
But the government and entrepreneurs are not idly sitting by as competitiveness slips .
Further , as low-end , low-cost labor jobs morph towards higher-end , higher-cost jobs , China will move not only into more valuable manufactured goods , but also into the service industries , such as design .
So `` Made in China '' is not losing international dominance yet .
On the other hand , poorly conceived and negotiated contracts not only prevent countries from enjoying the full long-term benefits of their natural resources , but also help to entrench poverty , corruption , and even conflict , particularly when governance systems are inadequate .
As a result , the contracts that are negotiated often do not meet the criteria described above -- to the disadvantage not only of governments , but also of firms interested in durable contracts .
The London G-20 meeting recognized that the world 's poorest countries and people should not be penalized by a crisis for which they were not responsible .
If the Pittsburgh summit is not to be an anticlimactic end to the G-20 's ascendancy as a forum for decisive action , the momentum generated must be maintained .
An equitable and fair global architecture means not only giving a greater say to the major emerging economies .
Its members represent the vast majority of global greenhouse gas emissions ; agreement among them at Pittsburgh would go a long way towards ensuring that December 's international Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen does not end in hot air .
The machete cut through Emmanuel 's flesh and bones but did not entirely sever them .
Nigeria must not let it be used as a tyrant 's shield .
Three years later , my father went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship .
But it is not enough to be efficient and honest in public spending .
But attracting investment to create jobs at home and ease poverty is the best way to ensure that our countrymen are not forced to go overseas in the first place .
This influence does not imply a hegemonic relationship , but rather points to an alternative path for reform and economic development that other primarily Muslim countries might take .
Turkey 's reform process shows that the latter is not an unavoidable destiny for the countries of the region .
Turkey , of course , did not join the US-led occupation forces in Iraq , but it has put enormous effort into mobilizing regional support for a stable Iraqi state .
Turkey 's constructive engagement with the EU creates a sense of trust in the West -- among Western leaders at least , if not yet the general population -- for its regional initiatives . Yet Turkey is also succeeding in keeping an equal distance between both the EU and the US .
Turkey 's arrival as a regional power is different in that its democratic structures make an active peacemaker , not a local bully .
Nevertheless , government officials admit , off the record , that the impact of an expected US recession will not be insignificant , because Brazil is not fully protected from external events .
Consequently , although the current crisis is expected to have a relatively minor effect compared to past upheavals , the possibility of contagion from turbulence in the US can not be disregarded .
Beyond that , one can only hope that current external economic disturbances do not lead to a global disaster .
Nor is democracy synonymous with strong institutions , and social protection can not substitute for an efficient labor market .
Without a structural transformation , Brazil will not be able to maintain its growth for long .
Lula 's eight years in office showed developing countries everywhere that the state can not do everything , while making no less clear to even the most orthodox that the interests of the markets do not always coincide with those of the country .
Increasingly , we must recognize that our borders are not fortress walls .
Those analysts realized that most , if not all , of the solutions to the world 's biggest challenges depend on local or regional contexts .
We can not meet everyone 's demands , or solve all our problems at once .
At roughly the same time , five prominent opposition intellectuals living in exile released a reformist , not revolutionary , manifesto directed against the `` despotic guardians . ''
But this is not the whole story .
Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage , it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently , diligently , and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout .
The court battle on whether or not to punish former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet is now over .
Judge Guzmán also determined that the former dictator is not insane and knows right from wrong .
But Guzmán 's efforts to bring the dictator to justice should not remain isolated .
Indeed , Chile 's courts could not have garnered the necessary public support to free them from their inertia without the push Garzón provided .
Chile 's dignity now hinges on whether or not its legal system reaches the same conclusion .
There have been action calls and statements circulated on the Web calling on the people of the region to unite and not allow governments to build bigger walls between them .
Despite government propaganda , the region 's people must remember that Russians are not superior to Georgians , Georgians to Ossetians or Abkhazians , and so on . We need to stop these territorial battles based on national pride and desire to control and rule .
It is time to help civil society in this area build a world where peace , not warfare , is the rule .
Women 's rights activists in the region should not fall into a brainwashing trap of nationalism and territorial disputes , becoming another tool in the hands of politicians .
They should demonstrate to their governments that they will not succumb to divisive ideology .
LONDON -- `` I am a glory that will not be abandoned by Libya , the Arabs , the United States , and Latin America ... revolution , revolution , let the attack begin , '' said the self-described King of African Kings , Dean of Arab Leaders , and Imam of all Muslims , Colonel Muammar al-Qaddafi .
The problem is that the Libyan army has not been able to act cohesively since the protests began , in contrast to the Egyptian and Tunisian armed forces .
Libyan civil society is not as developed as its Egyptian and Tunisian counterparts , which further suggests that Qaddafi 's downfall could result in tribal warfare .
But words are not enough ; it is time for concrete action .
But Qaddafi 's regime became an international pariah mainly for a series of terrorist plots abroad , not for crimes against humanity committed against Libyans .
Some view the man considered a mass murderer in the West as an icon , and his death and burial at sea at the hands of American forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of his sympathizers .
Decentralized organizations with relevant ideologies , operating in contexts full of conditions conducive to armed action , usually survive leadership losses , whereas hierarchical , cult-like organizations often do not .
His supporters soon numbered in the thousands , rather than the dozens , and he came to inspire generations , not just individual inmates .
Leading figures in armed Islamist movements have not only abandoned political violence , but have also de-legitimized it as a means for social and political change after spending periods in prison .
Eliminating the `` spiritual guide '' -LRB- as opposed to the organizational leaders -RRB- of a militant group might be perceived as a political victory for a government in the short term , but it probably makes a comprehensive de-radicalization process less likely , and it will not necessarily mean the end of the organization in question .
Repressive dictatorships can not win free and fair elections . But they can use extreme violence to consolidate their control over the state , its people , and its institutions .
Violent polarization has developed not only between Eastern and Western tribes , but also between some of the Western tribes .
Vendetta politics is not unknown in Libya , and , in an armed society comprising more than 120 tribes -- including around 30 with significant numbers and resources -- it can become extremely dangerous .
Unlike Egypt , however , whoever takes power in Libya will not necessarily inherit poor economic conditions that could threaten their legitimacy and undermine their popularity .
Algeria in the 1990 's is a potent reminder of this , and Western governments do not want the vicious cycle of repressive autocrats producing violent theocrats and refugees to restart .
But Libya is not the only country that has tried to move from dictatorship to democracy with weak institutions and strong tribal identities .
Cyrenaica is Qaddafi-free , Tripolitania is not , and Fezzan did not fully join the revolution .
In 2007 , Libya had 22 sha ` biya -LRB- administrative districts -RRB- , not three .
This is not the first time that an Arab dictator has been put on trial .
At the moment , Egyptian liberals ' main concern should be their popular appeal and ability to mobilize support , rather than picking fights with the Salafis and trying to enforce a constitution by any means , democratic or not .
Enforcing a secular constitution before elections does not guarantee a secular outcome .
They complain about year-long waits for eye operations and hip surgery -- a direct result of a Social Democratic reform of 1994 that abolished the right of patients to seek alternative care at public expense if they are not treated within three months by their regional council .
While they worry about the quality of public services , they are not prepared to join Europe 's rightist revival .
For example , although prosecutors control the relevant courts , they did not bother to secure the necessary court orders for the Yukos raids and arrests .
A couple of weeks before his arrest , Khodorkovsky told me : `` I do not understand how they can win , given how many mistakes they make . ''
They have little choice but to resist , and their strength should not be underestimated . The battle for Russian democracy is joined anew .
Putin is violating too many rules of politics , and just can not stop .
One reason for this extreme overcentralization is that Putin does not trust anyone .
Russia 's best special forces were sent to Beslan , but they were not given ammunition , body armor , battle plans , or operative command .
In his time , Soviet President Leonid Brezhnev was ridiculed for only being interested in concealing bad news and not wanting to remedy problems .
He does not obey the elementary rule that when in a hole , you stop digging .
Putin 's rule is not only authoritarian ; it is dysfunctional .
Ordinary Russians are not blind .
Yushchenko is careful not to criticize oligarchs but `` bandits '' and corruption , because smaller oligarchs support him .
The most obvious risk is that the elections are not concluded or that Yushchenko is denied executive power .
Ideally , Yushchenko should reach out to the new professionals who have not as yet been intoxicated by the pervasive corruption of the old administration .
The Russian threat lingers , whereas the West is more likely than not to be too passive .
The not very profitable state-owned Vneshtorgbank , for example , is on a buying spree , aggravating the quality of Russian banking .
Such a powerful apparatus can not retire to a quiet life in a dacha as Yeltsin did -- it would have to privatize everything first -- which implies that Putin has no choice but to remain in office , regardless of what he says about not seeking a third presidential term .
But if he holds on to power contrary to the constitution , his popularity could easily collapse , especially as his economic policy has thrived on luck , not reform .
These questions should be decided by NATO 's members , not outsiders .
It is all the more important that we remember this today , because these threats are not becoming fewer , but are only transforming and changing their appearance .
Serious politicians do not speak like that .
But customers do not trust suppliers who cut deliveries , raise prices unpredictably , expropriate competitors , and let production decrease in the way Gazprom and Russia 's other state companies have done .
This is not surprising , because state revenues expand with rising prices , while expenditures are largely fixed .
Yushchenko and the NBU can still act , but if they do not do so immediately , a costly and unnecessary financial crisis might ensue .
Ukraine 's well-being must not be sacrificed to his political ambitions .
The Baltic states had many reasons not to devalue .
Estonia , Lithuania , Hungary , Romania , and Bulgaria have carried out similar reforms , though not quite as radical .
The IMF had learned from East Asia , posing fewer conditions and offering more budget financing , because the problems were temporary and not structural .
Whereas Eastern Europe 's economies look healthier than the eurozone countries , they are not abandoning the EU project .
CHARLESTON , SOUTH CAROLINA -- Early in the financial crisis , a major emerging-market investor told me : `` This is not a global , but a semi-global financial crisis . '' He was right : it really was a crisis of the United States , Europe , and Japan .
Would the IMF not have insisted on a much tougher program , with less financing , for any country outside the eurozone ?
Milton Friedman 's monetarism delivered the first death blow in the 1980 's , but it did not generate useful policy rules or predictions .
Western democracies have prided themselves on institutional checks and balances , but obviously these mechanisms did not work during the crisis or the preceding boom .
Relative US military power is not likely to be this great ever again , and China 's military rise looks as inevitable as its economic success .
Anchoring these countries to the West will not be easy .
In reality , these conflicts are not frozen ; they are festering wounds that breed corruption and organized crime .
It is not the issues most often in the news -- Iran or Afghanistan .
Russia has not abandoned the goal of breaking Georgia 's desire to go West .
But that does not mean that tensions with Russia will automatically disappear .
It is time for the West to openly debate what its strategy is -- and what it is not .
We need to be clear that Moscow has a right to security , but that it does not have the right to interfere in the affairs of its neighbors , to topple their governments , or to deny them their own foreign-policy aspirations .
Syria , whose secular , militarized dictatorship most closely resembles the fallen regimes of Tunisia and Egypt , may not be next in line , but appears nonetheless to be approaching a tipping point .
However the WikiLeaks cables show that the Syrian leadership told the Iranian regime not to count on it in any war with Israel because it is too weak .
But they should not have to make do .
They should not have to risk their safety when they seek to engage with the world online .
Syria 's people may have no predilection for violence , but the birth of freedom , once witnessed , is not easily forgotten -- or trumped by state handouts and vacuous statements by a distant , self-isolated leadership .
People said the Berlin Wall would not fall .
They said that Mubarak would not stand down .
And still some say that Syria can not change .
If it did - and if it met those demands - Islamists would not be able to hijack the demonstrations .
In Syria , a Libyan-style military intervention is not warranted , but diplomatic intervention is needed to allow the country 's people to determine its future .
A new Syria , based on democratic principles , would not only benefit Syrians , but would be a force for stability throughout the region .
Why Cutting Carbon Emissions is not Enough
Why Cutting Carbon Emissions is not Enough Twenty years ago , governments adopted the Montreal Protocol , a treaty to protect the Earth 's ozone layer from emissions of destructive chemicals .
Without the decisions taken 20 years ago , atmospheric levels of ozone-depleting substances would have increased ten-fold by 2050 . This could have led to up to 20 million additional cases of skin cancer and 130 million more cases of eye cataracts , not to speak of damage to human immune systems , wildlife , and agriculture .
Others who proposed tougher trade rules were not convinced -- and with good reason .
But saving endangered and near-endangered species is not just about conservation ; it is also about defending millions of people 's livelihoods , which depend on healthy oceans .
Surely a twenty-first-century fisherman does not want to see the basis of his or her living degraded and destroyed , nor does a modern conservationist want to ring-fence the environment and stop people from making a living .
Where fisheries agreements are not succeeding , conservation agreements must be tried and applied .
After all , these are not competing regulatory regimes , but complimentary ones .
Blue-fin tuna is heading for commercial , if not outright , extinction , as are a host of other economically and ecologically important marine species .
Only two are advisable , but they are not easy to apply and success is not guaranteed .
Calderón is trying to check the gangs ' capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources , but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives .
The PRI retained power in those states : voters did not make them pay for their share of responsibility for the violence .
More to the point , this is not a new war .
Terrorism has existed as a political tool in the Middle East for a long time -- and it has been used not only against Israel or the United States .
This is not a fight against Western imperialism or globalization .
But just as there could be no moral neutrality in the war against Nazism and Fascism , so the coalition the Americans are now trying to build will begin to take as a root assumption that , if the war against terrorism is to be serious , tolerance of terror-supporting regimes can not go on .
Yet legitimate goals do not legitimize evil means .
Indeed , they deluded us for too long into thinking that the war against terrorism was a police matter -- that investigators and indictments were the way to fight fanatical terrorists , not a relentless , painstaking armed struggle .
By this I do not mean the loudmouthed but totally ineffective so-called Iraqi Opposition .
Iraq 's neighbors - Saudi Arabia in the south and Turkey in the north - must be reassured that Shi'a and Kurdish rebellion will not result in the dismantling of Iraq and a change of borders : both countries have legitimate concerns regarding this issue .
It must certainly be committed to a foreign and internal policy not based on terrorism and thuggery and a Saddam-like quest for weapons of mass destruction .
The atmosphere could not have been more tranquil : a former royal castle in the rolling hills of the Taunus region near Frankfurt , where statesmen and politicians held an annual meeting dealing with the Middle East .
Similarly , if Helmut Kohl 's government had insisted in 1990 that all Germans expelled from Poland and Czechoslovakia have a right to return to those countries , German reunification would not have gained the broad international agreement that it did .
It would be clear that what West Germany had in mind was not reunification , but reversing the consequences of Nazi Germany 's defeat in 1945 .
Insistence on it in 2000 at Camp David and Taba made clear to most Israelis that what the Palestinians have in mind is not undoing the consequences of the Six Day War in 1967 .
It is worth keeping in mind what advocates of a Palestinian right of return now prefer to forget : Palestinian Arabs and four Arab members of the UN went to war in 1948 not only against Israel , but against international legitimacy and the UN plan for a two-state solution .
But the political consequences for him were clear : the revanchist call for a return of refugees -- in both the German and the Palestinian case -- is a formula for instability , if not war .
The British suppressed this misadventure , but not before hundreds of Jews in Baghdad were murdered in a wild farhood -LRB- pogrom -RRB- instigated by the short-lived pro-Nazi government .
Nor has Saddam 's fall changed this fact : anti-US violence is not only an expression of anger at foreign occupation ; it is also a Sunni attempt to abort the establishment of a democratic order that would put them -- the historical masters -- in a subordinate position .
Similarly , one can not see the Kurds in the north submitting willingly to a Baghdad-dominated Arab regime , let alone a Shi'ite one -LRB- most Kurds are Sunnis -RRB- .
This is not a universal prescription for ethnically homogenous states .
Confronted with the debacle in the rest of -LRB- Arab -RRB- Iraq , the question has to be asked why the US-led coalition should not hold a referendum in the Kurdish region , asking the population how they would like to be ruled .
There are obvious obstacles to holding such a referendum , primarily because the US does not have a mandate to dispose of Iraq as it pleases .
Why should the one region - and people - who run an orderly government , are not involved in murder , attacks on mosques , and suicide bombing of schoolchildren , be penalized ?
The outcome was paradoxical , and not to the liking of those who initiated it : but the right of the communities to determine their future was accepted .
Why not in Iraqi Kurdistan ?
If not , at the very least , the injustice suffered by the Kurdish people for generations would , at long last , be rectified .
One reason Greek Cypriots rejected last April UN Secretary General Kofi Annan 's plan for the reunification of Cyprus was that an overwhelming majority of them felt it did not do justice to the claims of refugees displaced during the 1974 Turkish invasion .
Initially , refugees camps were set up , but the Greek Cypriot government decided that while it will not surrender the refugees ' claim eventually to return to their homes in the North , it would do its utmost in the interim not to leave them vegetating in squalid camps .
Instead , with some international help , but mostly out of its own resources , the Republic of Cyprus - a small , then not very prosperous country that was devastated by war - launched a re-settlement and rehabilitation program as a national project .
Anyone visiting the Greek Cypriot part of the island nowadays will not find refugee camps : most of the millions of tourists are unaware of the fact that more than a third of the Greek Cypriots they encounter are refugees or descendants of refugees .
Equally commendable has been the Greek Cypriot strategic decision to follow a Gandhi-like policy of non-violence : while there is deep bitterness about the Turkish occupation , and the fact that Turkish settlers were implanted in the North , the Greek Cypriot community decided not to use violence against the occupation .
The Greek Cypriot example shows that it is simply not true that the occupied have no recourse other than violence and terrorism .
But then again , the Republic of Cyprus is a democracy , while the Palestinians have not been able to emancipate themselves from the violent militarized option that has brought them such misery .
This guaranteed his victory , though the parades of armed men brandishing guns at his rallies were not exactly what democratic norms call for .
For years , Arafat avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
Finally , Palestinians have been exposed not only to the obvious hardships of occupation while living under Israeli rule for the better part of four decades ; they were also able to experience , at close range , a liberal democracy at work - a free press , an independent judiciary , and political pluralism .
While Iraq - an attempt to import democracy by force - is failing , the paradoxical conditions of an Arab democracy under Israeli occupation may be a threat that Arab rulers have not yet comprehended .
Palestine is not yet a state , but it is already a failed one .
To be sure , the new Palestinian Authority -LRB- PA -RRB- took power under difficult conditions , but which new liberation movement does not face serious challenges when it finally must govern ?
Indeed , its popularity is due not only to its fundamentalist Islamic ideology and its commitment to the destruction of Israel .
It was not only the endemic corruption of the official Palestinian leadership that turned so many Palestinians from it .
It is still an open question whether Hamas in government will become more pragmatic and less committed to terrorism : it certainly is a possibility , and one should not prejudge the outcome .
In this case , however , the victory of the extremist Hamas may strengthen not the extremists of Likud , but , surprisingly , the more moderate centrists of Kadima .
One can not be certain of such an outcome , of course , but it is now the best that one can realistically hope for .
But the current crisis can not be solved by words alone .
Its criticism of Olmert , Defense Minister Amir Peretz , and Chief-of-Staff Dan Halutz -- set forth in a detailed and meticulous 117-page assessment -- is harsh , but not surprising .
But both Olmert and Peretz have declared that , despite the Commission 's conclusions , they would not quit : instead , they have vowed to implement the report 's many far-reaching substantive recommendations about policy , strategy , and decision-making processes .
But it does not appear that Olmert will allow himself to be pushed out .
Many who want Olmert to go would still not welcome a Netanyahu comeback , which may also explain what appears to be an indirect endorsement of Olmert by the United States .
The revolt itself was brutally suppressed by the British army , but not before a split within the Palestinian community resulted in two armed militias -- one based on the Husseini clan , the other on the more moderate Nashashibis -- that turned viciously on each other .
The more moderate Haifa Arabs tried , not very successfully , to stay out of the fray .
Moreover , the scars of the 1930 's virtual civil war have still not healed : mutual suspicion and memories of internecine massacres vitiated cooperation and trust .
No one can help them if they can not come up with a coherent , consensual , and reasonably united leadership -- what Abbas himself calls `` one law , one authority , one gun . ''
At such times , resolute American steps can stop the fighting and impose a cease-fire , if not peace .
The US warned Israel not to get involved , and Israel was forced to comply .
In all these cases , American involvement was swift and focused on a clear aim , and compliance was verifiable within days , if not hours .
It is extremely successful as a fire brigade or as a midwife , but not as an initiator .
Similarly , if Belgrade will change its obstreperous position on Kosovo , this will be due not to US or EU pressure , but to internal political changes in Serbia .
The causes of these 15 years of failure should be considered , so that Mitchell 's mission does not become another stillborn effort .
Local authorities were supplied with adequate funding and advice ; independent chambers of commerce became the backbone of a local commercial middle class , which is interested in keeping the region peaceful , even absent an overall agreement ; local police were trained -LRB- in Jordan -RRB- , and now function effectively as police forces , not armed militias ; and business relations with adjacent Israeli regions have been renewed .
The Oslo process has failed ; an attempt to revive it -- say , by way of the Beirut Arab peace initiative -- will merely bring into the open all of the existing disagreements between the two sides , and will not overcome the Palestinian failure at nation-building .
When US President Barack Obama appointed former Senator George Mitchell as his special envoy for Middle East peace negotiations , Mitchell 's mandate was to achieve within two years not only an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians , but also overall peace between the Jewish state and the whole Arab world .
It is as easy to blame Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's intransigence -- his enforcement of the Gaza blockade , for example -- as it is to point out that the Palestinian Authority does not control Hamas-ruled Gaza , with its 1.2 million inhabitants , leaving it in no position to speak authoritatively for Palestinians .
It may or may not fly , but it is arrestingly novel : if negotiations fail -- so Fayyad says -- sometime in 2011 the Palestinians should declare independence unilaterally .
Obviously , it would not resolve the conflict ; it might not even immediately change the situation on the ground .
Fayyad is the first Palestinian leader who did not emerge from the Fatah movement , and he may thus understand what other Palestinian leaders failed to comprehend , mired as they were in a toxic combination of self-righteous ideology and violence .
All these steps are taken by the AKP government because it is in Turkey 's interest , given not only its geopolitical position , but also its unique multi-ethnic structure -LRB- he did n't use that terminology , though the implication was clear -RRB- .
This does not sit well with a `` zero conflict '' policy .
While gaining support on the so-called Arab street , and perhaps upstaging Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad in the role of a modern Commander-of-the-Faithful , Erdogan 's policy and behavior have shocked not only Israelis , but also moderate Arab leaders in Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , and some of the Gulf states .
Since Erdogan is a critic of Israel , Arab rulers can not say this openly . But Arab governments -- and their security services -- are beginning to ask themselves whether Turkey 's policies will undermine whatever internal stability their states possess .
Turkey is thus emerging not as a regional mediator , equidistant from contending local players , but as an assertive , if not aggressive , regional power aiming for hegemony .
To bring them to the negotiating table again is not a breakthrough , but rather an attempt at damage control .
The conflict in Northern Ireland was always territorial : not even the most radical Irish Republican group ever denied the legitimacy of Great Britain -- only its rule over the six northern provinces of what they consider United Ireland . The crux of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , by contrast , only partly concerns Israel 's borders .
The Palestinians contest not just the post-1967 occupation of the West Bank ; since the United Nations partition plan of 1947 -- which called for the establishment of two states , one Jewish and one Arab -- Palestinians have refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and most Israelis are not convinced that they have totally abandoned that stance .
Even Israelis who do not agree with Netanyahu 's hard-line positions did n't like to see their prime minister treated by the US as if he were the leader of Upper Volta .
On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbas 's Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip -- now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas-led government -- and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
Even the most moderate leaders on both sides could not agree on the core issues of the conflict : borders , settlements , Jerusalem , and the fate of 1947-1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants . Both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement : for Olmert , an agreement might have rescued his position as prime minister , and it would have been a trump card for Abbas in Fatah 's de facto civil war with Hamas .
The failure to reach agreement under such apparently auspicious conditions does not bode well for the coming talks .
The reason for these differences is simple : democratic transition requires not only elections , but also several pre-conditions -- a vibrant civil society ; previous traditions , whether actual or remembered , of representation , pluralism , tolerance , and individualism ; a limited role of religion ; and an effective institutional framework for a multi-party system .
Developments in Egypt will be crucial , not only because it is the largest Arab country , but also because some of the necessary pre-conditions appear to have a stronger presence there than elsewhere in the region .
The issue , one should emphasize , is not Islam as such : in Europe , the Catholic Church was for a long time the greatest enemy of democracy and liberalism .
JERUSALEM -- The recent surge in Turkey 's military actions against the Kurds in northern Iraq is an indication that , somewhat surprisingly -- but not entirely unpredictably -- Turkish foreign policy has undergone a 180-degree turn in less than two years .
Yet these good-neighborhood policies did not work out as intended .
Notwithstanding these failures , Turkey 's strategic stature did not suffer , partly because the diminution of US engagement under President Barack Obama enabled Turkey to fill the ensuing regional power vacuum .
Last but not least , the AKP 's victory in recent parliamentary elections has encouraged Erdo?an to embrace Putinesque ambitions .
Erdo?an 's policy re-orientation vis-à-vis Israel can be understood as an attempt not only to overcome traditional Arab suspicion of Turkey , given its imperial past , but also to present a more moderate Islamic alternative to theocratic Iran and its unpredictable president .
While Egypt 's shaky military junta welcomed Erdo?an , many Egyptians were not happy about his hectoring them -- and other Arabs -- to follow Turkish policies and to regard Turkey as their Muslim leader .
After some procrastination and an initial failed attempt , Milosevic has been arrested , without bloodshed , though not without danger .
They brought him to power , albeit not in a way that conforms precisely with democratic norms ; they supported him , even when he led them into genocidal crimes and to defeat after defeat .
His crimes should be judged by his own people -- not by an international tribunal .
If the trial is held before distant judges , sitting in a far away capital , applying a not very transparent and somehow abstract code of law , many Serbs will see this not as a trial of Milosevic , but as victors ' justice meted out to the Serbian nation .
They will be wrong . Nonetheless , political trials -LRB- and war crime trials are always political trials -RRB- must not only punish , but also teach .
They have not done so , and show no signs of doing so .
Instead , they prefer to fall back on military-dominated plans for strengthening the capacity of the Afghan army and police , while heeding domestic pressure to demonstrate that Afghanistan will not be an endless conflict .
Afghans ' fears and concerns are focused on what legacy will be left behind , and whether the Afghan state can provide security , justice , and good governance , which it has so far been unable to deliver in the face of an insurgency whose strength is not significantly weakened .
Afghanistan 's international partners are not responsive to these concerns and grievances .
Leaving aside credible questions about the capacity of the Afghan security forces , transferring security responsibility to the Afghan state does not address broader Afghan grievances about bad governance or the abuse of power -- both key drivers of the conflict .
Correspondingly , the international community should back mechanisms that will address the grievances of all Afghans , not just the political elite , and that will seek to address regional strategic concerns and agendas , especially those of Pakistan and Iran .
The process must also include real disarmament to ensure that Afghans do not fall prey to a continuing cycle of violence , and that the Afghan state establishes genuine control of security .
Massive migration to urban areas , high unemployment , low incomes , poor housing and sanitation , inadequate infrastructure , and social deprivation are shared symptoms of economic hubs where population growth has not been reconciled with cohesive approaches to public-health policy .
As government , business , and academic leaders agreed at a recent meeting held under the auspices of the Emerging Markets Symposium , the promise of emerging-market countries will not be realized if their cities , and consequently their economies , are sick .
That question preoccupies not only speculators tracking the dollar 's decline , but ordinary businessmen who wonder what currency to use when invoicing imports or exports .
Most US exports and imports are denominated in dollars , and the dollar is extensively used in trade that does not involve America .
If Japanese firms are dominant in a particular Swiss market , they prefer to price in yen : a Japanese firm then would not have to worry about losing market share when the yen appreciated , because its competitors would face the same pressures .
Competitiveness is a key reason for why it is not .
Although recent reports published in 2006 by the European Union 's Monitoring Center on Racism and Xenophobia and the Council of Europe 's Human Rights Commissioner note some improvements , they indicate Roma living conditions have stagnated , if not deteriorated .
However , if there was discrimination , it was not direct , because under Czech law , such a move could be decided only by a school headmaster based on the results of an intelligence test at an educational psychology counseling center , and subject to the approval of the child 's parents or legal guardian .
A difference in treatment is not discriminatory in itself .
So , in the current case , the alleged discrimination does not stem from the law itself , but from its effects , with the plaintiffs relying mainly on statistics showing the over-representation of Roma in special schools .
Working on this assumption and given the case it had to solve , an EHCR panel of seven judges ruled against the plaintiffs in February 2006 , concluding that the law on special schools is not aimed specifically at Roma and does not apply only to them .
According to the Court , the law 's legitimate purpose is to adapt teaching to the difficulties of a specific category of pupils , and psychological tests seem to be objective enough not to be suspected of racial bias .
While laws have changed , mentalities do not always follow at the same pace , and we intuitively know that it is easy to get psychology to mean a lot of things .
Indeed , before announcing its decision , the Court felt it necessary to state that while it did not conclude that the Convention had been violated , statistics still revealed `` worrying figures , and the situation in general in the Czech Republic regarding Roma children 's education needs to be improved . ''
Moreover , the IMF does not focus on financial markets per se , but has unique expertise on the linkages between the real and financial economy .
So far , the Fund has not fully exploited its unique position , because it has often been passive in reaching out , giving clear messages , and making recommendations to its members .
It should be positioned at the center of international financial markets and provide an analytical platform , not only for central banks and finance ministries , but also for regulators , standard setters , and market participants .
Admittedly , there were warnings , but policy makers , particularly in advanced countries , did not follow suit .
The perception that advanced countries are running business in the Fund , but do not adhere to Fund advice , has undermined the IMF 's authority .
Although the EU 's eastward enlargement has not yet happened , the debate is already shifting to ask what will follow : when should the new , predominantly postcommunist , members adopt the euro ?
Assuming that they comply with the Maastricht Treaty 's provisions concerning the EMU - and are not unfairly held to more stringent criteria - the core issue is whether new members would benefit more by waiting or whether they should seek early entry .
I believe that early adoption of the euro is not only possible , but preferable to delay .
Annual inflation in most candidate countries has fallen to 4-5 % - not much higher than in many EU countries , and lower than in The Netherlands last year .
More important , long-lasting economic growth does not depend on the type of exchange rate - whether flexible or fixed -LRB- EMU -RRB- - while early accession will speed up crucial reforms .
This strategy , not one of deferred entry , promises the most for both the EU 's current and its future members .
First , he profoundly influenced not only his own field of economics , but also the social sciences more broadly .
Although he did not win all his intellectual battles , rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great , and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence .
Contrary to popular cliché , PiS 's victory in 2005 did not result from `` reform fatigue , '' since there were not many reforms implemented in 2000-2005 -LRB- except for an ambitious but partially blocked attempt at fiscal consolidation -RRB- .
In Slovakia , the reformist leader Mikulá¨ Dzurinda won the 1998 elections after having implemented a tough stabilization program , and he could have continued to govern after the 2006 elections if not for disagreements in his coalition .
Of course , it is not easy for reformers to win elections .
Bad policies are , more often than not , easier to sell than good ones .
If not for that , the results of the 2005 elections would most likely have been quite different .
But we should not be blind to what can happen when political demagogues hijack the anticorruption card .
On perception , it fares much worse than Slovakia , the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Greece , while it fares better -- or at least not worse -- on indicators of actual corruption .
Of course , Poles should not settle for today 's levels of corruption .
In this sense , they ignore the fact that the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact has been in principle an important component of political union , not its substitute .
Indeed , the eurozone 's current fiscal problems do not result from the lack of a large common budget , but from weak enforcement of the Pact .
This would require an enhanced level of European identity , something which the Union 's political elites can not generate artificially . But the crucial point is not that a large common budget in the eurozone is politically impossible to achieve , but rather that it would not address the main problem : the weakness of the mechanisms safeguarding fiscal discipline in the member states .
As the ECB 's common monetary policy can not fit the macroeconomic conditions of all the member countries , the eurozone countries need macro-prudential regulations that aim at reducing excessive credit growth .
To be sure , initiatives at the EU and\/or eurozone level can not substitute for stronger mechanisms of discipline in the member states , which are ultimately the responsibility of national politicians and publics .
Although researchers are committed to finding new ways to reduce and replace animal testing , current technology can not yet replace many types of animal research .
Rodents , in particular , are sensitive to these noises , and studies show that this sensitivity does not diminish with time , as is commonly assumed .
Often , researchers are unwilling to include such items in their animals ' cages because other researchers do not .
However , rigorous standardization of the environment , particularly if it leads to barren surroundings , increases the risk of obtaining results that , being specific to a narrow set of conditions , can not be compared with other researchers ' results .
But the conclusions drawn from such experiments are specific to the stressed animals and can not necessarily be extrapolated to healthy animals .
But its control is still a fundamental challenge for research institutes , not some minor technical difficulty that can be easily overcome .
First , the nuclear fuel is not seawater , but a mixture of the two heavy isotopes of hydrogen , deuterium and tritium , a radioactive element that has been produced in small quantities for hydrogen bombs .
ITER is not designed to produce electricity , but to study the stability of the flame in the magnet .
But nothing can be both leak-proof and porous , and ITER is not designed to study this contradiction .
ITER will not solve our energy problem .
This debate is important not only for implanting meaning in the constitution , but will also determine the vitality and energy of the EU itself .
In the early 1950s , Jean Monnet wrote : `` We are not forming a coalition of states . We are uniting people . ''
Apparently not .
They do not feel part of the great whole .
The idea of Europe as a heritage and a mission does not mean much .
A Europe of markets and money , not of man and morals , dominated the project .
Today , we are paying the price for not attending to Europe 's shared values and common mission . Until Europeans know precisely what Europe stands for , what inspires and motivates us , the Union will not be able to take joint action in the world .
Making such a community a reality will not come about by believing that Europe 's culture is better than others .
Values must be the road that leads to what can not be reached by markets and institutions alone - the accession of Europe 's citizens to the European Union .
We can not survive the lifestyle that we desire .
These pressures would not have been as damaging had they not met with approval in parts of Racan 's ruling coalition , especially from Drazen Budisa 's Croatian Social Liberal Party -LRB- HSLS -RRB- , and also among influential Catholic bishops .
Racan would not have had to deal with the Hague Tribunal had he the courage to begin his own housekeeping and investigations of Tudjman 's cronies and the war criminals the deceased president protected .
Good fortune , that is , for the CCP , not for China and its people .
I do not know what `` the progressive direction of advanced culture '' is , but advanced culture played no part in the CCP-inspired `` Wipe Out Poisonous Weeds Campaign , '' the `` Anti-Rightist Movement , '' or the `` Eliminate Demons and Evil Heresy Campaign . ''
It does not need to be `` represented . ''
You may doubt socialism , but you can not doubt `` advanced productive forces . ''
You may not believe in Marxism , but you must believe in `` advanced culture . ''
Welcoming `` red capitalists '' therefore does not imply democratization .
Totalitarianism , not political reform , is their livelihood .
In the years that have passed , China 's leaders were responsible not only for Zhao 's unlawful house arrest but also for a systematic effort to erase his name from history .
For one thing they can not change : Zhao Ziyang remains with us , in the Chinese people 's ongoing struggle for rights and democracy .
First , the five main nuclear-weapon states have not taken seriously their NPT obligation to work for nuclear disarmament .
Instead , they have insisted that nuclear weapons are essential for their security and continued to modernize their nuclear arsenals . This naturally robs them of the moral authority to persuade others not to acquire nuclear weapons , which continue to be perceived as a source of power and influence , and an insurance policy against attack .
When it comes to determining whether or not a country is conducting a covert nuclear weapons program , IAEA inspectors often have their hands tied , either because they lack the legal authority to gain access to all the locations they consider necessary , or because the IAEA 's analytical laboratories are outdated , or because the Agency does not have adequate access to satellite imagery .
Fourth , export controls have failed to prevent the spread of sensitive nuclear technology , not least due to the sophisticated efforts of clandestine networks like the one run by Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan .
Nine countries already have nuclear weapons , and it would be naive to presume that others , particularly in regions of conflict , will not try to get hold of them .
Fifth , the international community , spearheaded by the United Nations Security Council , has more often than not been paralyzed in the face of challenges to international security and ineffectual in responding to suspected cases of nuclear proliferation .
These issues will not be resolved overnight . But there is much that can be done relatively quickly .
LEU can not be used to make weapons .
This would give countries confidence that they can count on reliable supplies of fuel to run their nuclear power plants , and therefore do not need to develop their own uranium-enrichment or plutonium-reprocessing capability .
This could help to avoid a repeat of Iran 's experiences after its 1979 revolution , when contracts for fuel and technology for its planned nuclear power program were not honored .
Amerca should be more energetic in demanding that the Moldovan authorities respect the rule of law , issue a roster of all detained persons , provide them access to lawyers and family members , and guarantee that they are not harassed .
For example , in terms of value added -LRB- the value of output after deducting the cost of materials and components -RRB- , China , contrary to popular impression , is not yet the manufacturing center of the world .
Similarly , while India 's information technology-enabled services have gained an international reputation , the total number of people employed in this sector is less than 0.5 % of India 's workforce . As such , it can not , by itself , transform the Indian economy .
Moreover , contrary to popular belief , much of the dramatic poverty reduction in China over the last three decades was due not to integration into the global economy , but to domestic factors like growth in the agricultural sector -LRB- where mass poverty was concentrated -RRB- .
That is not true of India , where exports are still mainly skill - and capital-intensive .
Economic reform clearly has made the Indian corporate sector more vibrant and competitive , but most of the Indian economy is not in the corporate sector -LRB- public or private -RRB- .
Indian poverty reduction has been significant , but not substantial .
Although socialist economic policies in both countries inhibited initiative and enterprise , a positive legacy of that period can not be denied .
After all , the demand will not disappear on its own .
But brilliant ideas can not be made to order .
The rest are Shia . Each of these groups is making different , if not contradictory , demands .
The ruling al-Khalifa family will not relinquish its power willingly . To preserve itself , the regime relies on imported security forces that are beholden only to the royal family . Drawn from Jordan , Pakistan , and Yemen , they are not reluctant to beat and kill protesters , for they know that any change at the top would mean defeat not only for the al-Khalifas , but for themselves as well .
When Mubarak felt his power was slipping and reached out to his adversaries , he found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society . They could not formulate coherent positions and practical demands .
Though they are not half-brothers , this frequent , if mistaken reference , indicates their closeness .
Al-Ahmar has also not benefited from the military aid that the US lavished on Yemen in the wake of al-Qaeda 's failed Christmas Day plot in 2009 to down an American airliner .
The fate of the country may not hinge on Saleh , a crafty veteran who knows that his career is over .
Unlike in Egypt , the vacuum resulting from Saleh 's departure can be quickly filled , so the country need not fall back on a military oligarchy .
The Yemeni opposition is not only organized , but also plays an active role in politics and has true grassroots support .
As a result , they have not articulated a coherent vision of a post-Qaddafi Libya .
So far , these shortcomings have not prevented the TNC from achieving widespread support in the rebel-controlled east .
As such , once the initial euphoria dissipates , Libyans are likely to turn against the TNC if it can not deliver battlefield successes .
Without a large influx of instructors and weapons , the rebels will not be able to advance toward the capital , Tripoli , in the coming months . Such a stalemate is likely to leave Libyans frustrated with the council .
The results suggest that religious and national identities are complementary , not competing , concepts .
We also know that the Internet 's devastating impact on handfuls of young people is not confined to the Muslim community , as evidenced by the tragic events in Bridgend in the United Kingdom , where 17 young people , seemingly connected through the Internet , committed suicide .
There is a collective responsibility to treat such problems not as Muslim issues , but as problems whose solutions will enhance the values on which European society is based .
Addressing the sense of injustice , siege , and alienation faced by young Muslims is not a victory for the extremists .
Londoners ' collective message after 7\/7 was decisive , and it must be Europe 's message as well : we will not allow such atrocities to divide us .
Those moves suggest that Tibet has become an increasingly serious concern for China 's rulers , one that they have not yet found ways to handle without damaging their standing in Tibet and around the world .
It is hard not to see these events as a challenge to China 's rule .
Western observers could accept the exiles ' assurances that their proposals on autonomy are negotiable and not bottom-line demands , rather than damning them before talks start .
But two recent events in Tibet , involving the trials of two leading Tibetans who had not attacked or criticized the state at all , do not follow this logic .
He did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen -- endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter-collection , tree-planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species .
Even in China , such activities are not usually considered threats to the state .
But local officials could not have arranged for Karma to be tried in far-away Xinjiang , let alone persuade the central government to ban the brothers ' innocuous book about their love of nature .
But Europe can not build up its own agriculture to the detriment of the less fortunate . So the EU must harmonize its policies with poorer countries .
Further liberalization of farm trade will not ensure food security .
This does not mean that protectionism is the way forward , only that taking account of specific issues that affect international farm trade -- weather , price volatility , or health risks -- may be necessary from time to time .
The Anti-Hunger Imperative BRUSSELS -- There are plenty of summits to choose from this year , but the World Summit on Food Security deserves not to be lost in the crowd .
More than one billion people in the world today do not have enough food to meet their basic daily nutritional needs , and the situation in developing countries is getting worse .
How can it be that in the twenty-first century , when we have taken men to the Moon and back , we still can not feed everyone on this planet ?
This is a sizeable commitment , but it may not be enough -- more needs to be done to increase agricultural production , to free up the potential of trade to address food insecurity , and to deal with the increasing impact of climate change on agriculture .
If we do not act quickly , the 40 poorest countries , predominantly in sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America , will by 2080 lose from 10 % to 20 % of their basic grain-growing capacity due to drought .
Varieties that are tolerant to drought and flood can not only increase productivity , but also can prevent soil erosion and desertification .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
It is in the enlightened self-interest of us all not to give in to the temptations of protectionism .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world .
As a result , our economic interdependence requires careful coordination , not just in the coming weeks , but , crucially , in the longer term .
It is in the enlightened self-interest of us all not to give in to the temptations of protectionism .
We can not meet the challenges faced by the EU effectively and successfully without a strong Europe in the world . Prosperity and growth , security and stability and the long term sustainability of the EU necessarily pass through the promotion of our interests and values abroad and the engagement with external threats and global challenges .
It has been argued that if , in 2007 , the US had a Financial Products Safety Commission akin to its Food and Drugs Administration , the market would not have been flooded with `` teaser '' mortgages that entangled millions of households in chains of predatory credit .
What is especially sophisticated about the new ideas cropping up in the US , Europe , India , China and elsewhere is the recognition that , as with drugs and toys , it is impossible to say in advance which financial products we should allow and which we should not , because we can not conceive of all the products that can and will come to market .
Such entities would be able to make investments that would not be possible otherwise .
Instead of banning or freely allowing all dangerous products , we need to identify products that are valuable to some customers but not all -- call them `` prescription financial products '' -- and create a body of registered finance professionals -LRB- RFPs -RRB- who are empowered to certify the purchase of these products by individuals .
In brief , just as we do not ban steroids because they are dangerous , but require that buyers have a valid prescription , we should institutionalize caution in how financial products can be used -- and by whom .
It is the worst form of capitalism , not only because of the extreme inequality in income and wealth that such economies tolerate , but also because the elites do not promote growth as the central goal of economic policy .
Large firms are relatively risk-averse not only because they are bureaucracies , with layers of management required to sign off on any innovation , but also because they are reluctant to back innovations that threaten to render obsolete the products or services that currently account for their profits .
Economies where entrepreneurs now flourish must not become complacent .
It may take nothing less than revolution -- ideally peaceful , of course -- to replace the elites who now dominate these economies and societies , and for whom growth is not the central objective .
This suggests that the potential effect of paracetamol is not restricted to the airways and may affect a number of organ systems .
Identifying the potential mechanisms that might underlie the association between paracetamol and asthma -LRB- and other allergic disorders -RRB- was not a part of this study .
The authors emphasised that causality could not be established from a retrospective study of this design due to the numerous potential biases that may confound the association . For example , it is known that viral respiratory tract infections in infancy such as respiratory syncytial virus -LRB- RSV -RRB- are associated with an increased risk of asthma in later childhood and that paracetamol use for such episodes could have caused confounding in the study .
On the contrary , they suggest that suppressing fever may occasionally produce harmful effects , and conclude that widespread use of drugs to reduce fever should not be encouraged .
When a company has a controlling shareholder , however , control contests are not possible , and the arrangements governing such contests are thus irrelevant .
Most obviously , assessments of controlled companies should not give significant weight to arrangements governing contests for corporate control .
To address such problems , arrangements that enable a minority of shareholders to veto related party transactions -- arrangements which are not warranted in widely held firms -- could well be valuable .
Finally , when assessing controlled companies , the independence of directors should not be judged largely by looking at the extent to which they are independent of the company on whose board they serve . Rather , considerable attention should be given to their independence from the controlling shareholder .
When corporations decide which politicians to support , what kind of messages to send , and which political outcomes to seek , their general investors are not consulted .
Of course , insiders do not want the rules to be so lax that it becomes impossible for them to raise capital from the public .
In sum , corporate meddling in politics is bad not just for those members of society who are not corporate shareholders .
But the firms ' pay arrangements did not contain any `` claw-back '' provisions that would have enabled the firms to recoup the bonuses that had already been paid .
The concern is not that the top executives expected their aggressive risk-taking to lead with certainty to their firms ' failure , but that the executives ' pay arrangements -- in particular , their ability to claim large amounts of compensation based on short-term results -- induced them to accept excessive levels of risk .
Executives should not be able to pocket and retain large amounts of bonus compensation even when the performance on which the bonuses are based is subsequently sharply reversed .
Had such compensation structures been in place at Bear Stearns and Lehman , their top executives would not have been able to derive such large amounts of performance-based compensation for managing the firms in the years leading up to their collapse .
Indeed , calls for comprehensive and robust reform of pay structures should not be viewed as mere responses to populist anger .
If ratings are not backed by the force of law , so the argument goes , regulators need not worry about rating quality and can leave the monitoring of raters to the market .
Given past experience , we can not rely on market reputation to ensure that such ratings will be reliable .
But , while such judicial scrutiny may be effective in eliminating some egregious cases , it can not ensure that raters do the right thing when courts are not expected to be able to tell after the fact what the right thing was .
This can be done by making raters ' profits depend not on satisfying the issuers that select them , but on performing well for investors .
Once developed , such a mechanism should not be limited -LRB- as , unfortunately , it is in the Senate 's bill -RRB- to ratings of structured financial products .
But tying executive payoffs to long-term results does not provide a complete answer to the challenge facing firms and regulators .
As Holger Spamann and I show in our research , executive payoffs should be tied to the long-term value delivered not only to shareholders , but also to other contributors to banks ' capital .
To the extent that executive compensation is tied to the value of specified securities , such pay could be tied to a broader basket of securities , not only common shares .
To do so , executive payoffs could be made dependent on changes in the value of the banks ' credit-default swaps , which reflect the probability that the bank will not have sufficient capital to meet its full obligations .
The common shareholders in financial firms do not have an incentive to induce executives to take into account the losses that risks can impose on preferred shareholders , bondholders , depositors , and taxpayers .
Consequently , governance improvements that make directors more focused on shareholder interests can not be relied on to tie executive payoffs to the interests of shareholders and non-shareholders alike .
Furthermore , when such divergence of interest exists , using the corporation 's funds to support political causes that the corporation 's public investors do not favor -- or even oppose -- may well impose on them costs that exceed the monetary amounts spent .
In expanding corporations ' rights to spend money on politics , the US Supreme Court relied on `` the processes of corporate democracy '' to ensure that such spending does not deviate from shareholder interests .
Clearly , however , such processes can have little effect if political spending is not transparent to public investors .
Moreover , a public company 's political spending decisions should not be solely the province of management , as they often are .
Shareholders may have different views from those of corporate insiders not only with respect to the amount of political spending , but also with respect to how that spending is targeted .
For example , shareholders could direct that the corporation may not spend funds for certain types of political purposes , or that it must follow certain principles in allocating whatever budget is authorized .
But a corporation 's wishes should not be automatically and necessarily equated with those of its management .
That is why we need new legislation to ensure that the use of corporate funds in politics does not stray from the interests of shareholders .
Thus , the tests did not take into account a big part of the economic damage that the crisis imposed on banks .
Rather than estimate the economic value of banks ' assets -- what the assets would fetch in a well-functioning market -- and the extent to which they exceed liabilities , the stress tests merely sought to verify that the banks ' accounting losses over the next two years will not exhaust their capital as recorded in their books .
The kind of stress tests that the US conducted , and that other countries are being urged to emulate -- and the ability of banks to raise additional equity capital -- can not provide a basis for such a conclusion .
As far as equity-based compensation is concerned , executives should not be allowed to cash out options and shares given to them for a period of , say , five years after the time of `` vesting '' -- that is , the point at which the options and shares have been `` earned '' and may not be taken away from the executive .
The length of this period should be fixed , and should not depend on actions or conditions that are at least partly under executives ' control .
Furthermore , bonuses should not be paid immediately , but rather placed in a company account for several years and adjusted downward if the company subsequently learns that the reason for awarding a bonus no longer holds up .
As a result , executives were not exposed to the potential negative consequences that large losses could bring about for preferred shareholders , bondholders , and the government as a guarantor of deposits .
To address this distortion , the payoffs of financial executives should be tied not to the long-term value of their firms ' common shares but to the long-term value of a broader basket of securities .
Perhaps not surprisingly , many financial bosses are up in arms over such moves .
Such patterns may raise concerns among shareholders that pay structures are not well designed to serve their interests .
Even if financial firms have governance problems that produce pay decisions deviating from shareholder interests , however , such problems do not necessarily warrant government regulation of those decisions .
Clearly not , because shareholders do not bear the full costs of a firm 's collapse , and , as the recent crisis demonstrates , the bill for such a downfall must be picked up , at least in part , by taxpayers and the economy .
But pay regulation can improve matters without micro-management by setting general standards from which firms may not deviate but that still leave them with significant freedom to account for the individual circumstances of managers .
But this warning should not carry the day .
The effort to avoid the harm of flawed compensation decisions in the future should not be deterred by speculative arguments about unintended consequences .
Financial firms should not retain the freedom to create perverse incentives that put all of us at risk .
Lax corporate governance rules are not generally the result of a lack of knowledge by public officials .
Ordinarily , corporate governance issues are not followed by most citizens .
While individual investors can not be expected to invest in lobbying for stronger investor protection , it might be hoped that institutional investors -- mutual funds , banks , insurance companies , and so forth -- will do so .
But institutional investors usually do not provide a sufficient counter-weight to lobbying by corporate insiders .
In contrast to corporate insiders , institutional investors can not charge the costs of lobbying to the publicly traded companies whose investor protection is at stake .
Some institutional investors are part of publicly traded firms , and are consequently under the control of corporate insiders whose interests are not served by new constraints .
And even those institutional investors that are not affiliated with publicly traded companies may have an interest in getting business from such companies , making these institutional investors reluctant to push for reforms that corporate insiders oppose .
This opportunity should not be missed .
For starters , executives ' payoff from stock sales should not depend on a single stock price .
This approach would still leave executives free to select the period in which they cash out shares , though not the exact day .
Because such a hands-off approach leaves executives no discretion over when they cash out their equity-based compensation , it provides the most effective method for preventing executives from `` gaming '' the market and for ensuring that they are not rewarded for their information advantage .
The US government felt that it had a weak hand , because it was not prepared to allow AIG to default on any of its obligations .
To the extent that the value of these assets would not have been sufficient to cover all of the derivative creditors ' claims , they would have had to bear some losses .
But a reorganization of AIG and a shift in its ownership should not have been expected to endanger insurance policyholders .
The insurance subsidiaries were not responsible for the obligations of their parent company , and their claims toward policyholders were backed by required reserves .
It did not require taxpayers to bail out the parent company 's derivative counterparties .
In the future , governments should not bail out failing financial institutions ' derivative counterparties , even when they provide a safety net to some of these institutions ' creditors -LRB- such as depositors -RRB- .
Governments should not only follow such a policy , but also make absolutely clear in advance their commitment to doing so .
Communicating such a commitment clearly would induce parties to derivative transactions not to rely on a governmental safety net , but to monitor whether their partners have adequate reserves .
We should stress that a positive correlation between a CEO 's pay slice and governance problems does not imply that every firm with a high CEO pay slice has governance problems , much less that such firms would necessarily be made better off by lowering it .
Still , our evidence indicates that , on average , a high CEO pay slice may signal governance problems that might not otherwise be readily visible .
Investors and corporate boards would thus do well to pay close attention not only to the compensation captured by the firms ' top executives , but also to how this compensation is divided among them .
Most of the world lost interest in Hong Kong after 1997 when the `` Anschluss '' with China did not instantly deliver vast changes .
Those who organized this coup hoped that it would lead to greater things for themselves ; those who signed a petition of protest were fired not long after .
Many of its tycoons -LRB- one of whom , Robert Kuok , controls the South Morning China Post -RRB- are jettisoning their autonomy for the sake of business - even when such action is not requested .
Water from the Tiger Leaping Gorge will be diverted to flush out Dianchi Lake , without which Kunming will not prosper .
There is very little scope for international action to eliminate the violation of these rights in many - if not most - countries of the world today , particularly those that are trying to turn the ` Earth Summit ' into a sounding board for criticism of the failure of advanced countries to do more to eradicate world poverty or to protect the environment .
These include , above all , increased respect for the rule of law , for property rights , for freedom for people to take advantage of their entrepreneurial spirit and to express their discontent with their lot , not to mention other basic freedoms set out in numerous international conventions to which almost all the countries participating in the Earth Summit are signatories and which many flagrantly ignore .
Greater respect for human rights is not , of course , merely a desirable means towards the ends of poverty reduction and environmental protection . It also happens to be an important - often the most important - item of human welfare and development .
The events of the last twelve months have surely driven home to most people that the most dangerous conflict facing humanity in the future is not the conflict between Man and the environment , but between Man and Man .
Several more could do so over the next month if frozen credit markets do not thaw .
If the situation continues until the end of the year , which can not be ruled out , many more countries could experience serious banking crises .
Perhaps they became too dependent on cheap credit , but they were not alone in this respect .
While most parent banks in the region are likely to benefit from these measures , this does not necessarily translate into support for their foreign subsidiaries .
Several governments have declared that taxpayer money can not go into operations abroad .
Most do not have the financial clout to counter the extraordinary pressures from financial markets .
The Georgia package is not a done deal , and circumstances elsewhere are different , but it shows that standard instruments can go a long way .
As if this was not enough , Western governments and businesses should ponder what kind of offers may come from Russian sources , private or public , for distressed banks and companies .
But heroic rescue efforts will not be able to help the government forever , so it is worth asking what can provide long-term political legitimacy .
The opening ceremony of the Olympic games will highlight this revival : it will feature not quotes from Marx , but sayings from the Analects of Confucius .
Confucian scholars such as Jiang Qing openly acknowledge that their interpretation of Confucianism most closely parallels socialist ideals : not the `` actually existing socialism '' in today 's China , but the socialist ideals defended by Karl Marx and others .
The question remains whether Bashar understands that peace is not only about regaining the Golan , but also about normalization of relations with Israel , which his father was reluctant to allow .
A Damascene conversion is not only possible , but is also vital for regional peace .
But a Damascene conversion can only be the outcome of negotiations , not a prerequisite for them .
Of course , this conference will not bring an end to the Damascus-Tehran axis .
Perhaps Sadat might have opted to secure the American alliance without making peace with Israel if he had been able to do so . But he could not , and he knew it .
The major problem in the Arab-Isreli conflict , as in many other intricate disputes , has always been the incapacity or unwillingness of leaders to conduct a peace policy that is not supported by their societies ' prevailing , and frequently paralyzing , consensus .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio-political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers .
But Britain 's military contribution to the war effort was not indispensable , so Bush did not have to heed Blair 's advice .
As a result , Britain could not serve as a bridge between a doubtful Europe and a belligerent US , as Blair believed , and Britain 's capacity to be a force for good on the world stage was severely damaged .
But such uncertainty , common in times of transition , should not overshadow what the end of the Blair-Bush era in Britain holds in store .
Of course , international legitimacy can be a vacuous concept when not backed by the capacity to use effective force .
While the decision by some in favor of dynastic succession may be lacking in democracy , it is not entirely devoid of merit .
Not unlike North Korea 's and Iran 's defiant nuclear policies , Bashar 's membership in the region 's `` axis of evil '' is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Hence , he could not accept America 's awkward pro-democracy agenda .
A transition to democracy in the old revolutionary Arab regimes will not correspond to a Western model , nor can it be imposed by American F-16 's .
But , as countries like Egypt , Syria , and Lybia might be indicating , hereditary succession is not an inherently reactionary move .
Co-sponsored by Spain and Turkey , the Alliance of Civilizations initiative is not devoid of political calculation .
However vague , the alliance of civilizations idea certainly can not do more harm than war against Islamic extremism .
Moreover , the Alliance is not an entirely incoherent proposal if the objective is that the West disengage from the politics of hubris and establish a genuine sphere of cooperation with the Muslim world in economics , culture , and science .
We live in an age in which many people are disillusioned with secular politics , and are turning to religion instead , not only throughout the Muslim world , but in the core of Western civilization , Christian Europe and Evangelist America .
The current crisis of Islam might not be congenital , but Islam 's predicament is acute .
The question is this : are Muslims ready to accept that Khomeini 's dictum that `` Islam is politics or it is nothing '' is wrong , that Islam is a religion and not a form of government , and that , as in the Christian world , there is a sphere for Caesar and a sphere for God ?
Of course , the Alliance of Civilizations should not attempt to bridge differences by defending moral relativism .
The fight to eradicate misery , illiteracy , and corruption , and Islam 's embrace of science , do not depend on the results of the Middle East peace process .
The Iraq adventure is not only the longest and most expensive war in America 's history -- the Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz has advanced a staggering estimate of $ 3 trillion -- but is also the least conclusive .
America 's destruction of Iraq as a regional power handed hegemony in the Persian Gulf -- whose centrality to Western interests can not be overstated -- to Iran 's Shia Islamist regime on a silver platter .
But , however radical the Iranian regime might be , it is not suicidal .
America 's inability to inspire the peoples of the Middle East , all ruled by US-backed autocracies , is not exactly stunning news .
Indeed , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has warned of `` the end of the Jewish state '' if the country remains bogged down in the occupied territories and a Palestinian state is not established .
But Israel 's breathtaking victory against three Arab armies in 1967 brought it not only grandeur , but also moral and political decay .
Of course , Jews ' historical experience is not conducive to easy conciliation .
The crisis of the Jewish conscience in the traumatic transition from Holocaust to statehood has not yet been fully overcome .
Peace efforts began almost invariably thanks to Arab , not Israeli , moves .
The Jews did not survive extermination only to entrench themselves behind walls of their own making .
JERUSALEM -- The resumption of peace talks between Israel and Syria after eight years of saber-rattling is not a diversion from the political troubles of Israel 's lame-duck prime minister .
Recovering the Golan Heights and protecting Syria 's vital interests in Lebanon are not only major strategic concerns for Syria 's president ; they are also crucial to the regime 's drive for national legitimacy , and to Bashar 's assertion of his own leadership .
Peace with Israel is not Assad 's priority .
Rather , it is the prerequisite without which superior goals -- rapprochement with the United States , legitimization of Syria 's special status in Lebanon , and avoidance of a potentially devastating war with Israel if the Golan Heights are not recovered by peaceful means -- can not be attained .
Syria 's alliance with Iran was not a major issue .
Syria 's subsequent forced withdrawal from Lebanon was not good news for Israel .
Today , peace with Syria might facilitate an Israeli peace with Lebanon down the road , but that will not be an automatic outcome .
These are peace talks , not a defense treaty , and Syria would not abruptly disengage from its Iranian friends .
But good relations between an Arab state at peace with Israel and Iran are not necessarily a bad thing .
Indeed , both Israel and the United States are adamant about excluding Hamas from the Annapolis process unless and until it recognizes Israel 's right to exist , while Hamas will not abandon its identity as a resistance movement merely to join negotiations that seem unlikely to satisfy the Palestinian people 's minimal requirements .
The Syrian track -- requiring Israel 's withdrawal from the strategically vital Golan Heights and the evacuation of tens of thousand of settlers -- is hampered not only by the Israeli leadership 's legitimacy deficit , but also by US opposition to the talks .
Indeed , for the first time in the history of its special relationship with Israel , America is not speaking to Israel 's enemies , be they Syria , Iran , Hamas , or Hezbollah .
Israel 's shift in policy towards Syria , and that of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , was a powerful message to the Americans that they should not miss the Lebanese train as well .
But America 's dwindling leverage can not match the influence of the region 's `` axis of evil . ''
But the round of peacemaking that America has recently embarked upon not only comes too late in the political life of a lame-duck president who has been defeated at home and abroad ; it is also ill-conceived and unconvincing .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice 's adamant resistance to engage the Syrians is not exactly wise policy .
This Gordian knot needs to be cut , not untied .
But the Israelis never believed they would have to give back all the land , while the Arabs did not think they might have to offer `` all the peace . ''
It accepted a truce , brokered by an Egyptian government fearful of Iran 's influence in neighboring Gaza , that not only gave Hamas political legitimacy and undermined the international community 's policy of not negotiating with this fundamentalist group , but that also allowed it to continue rearming .
In fact , Hezbollah is now not only militarily stronger than ever -- Security Council Resolution 1701 , which called for its disarmament , has proven to be an utter failure -- but also more politically robust than before the war .
But Assad managed to emerge from Syria 's forced withdrawal from Lebanon in 2005 to become the broker without whom a Lebanese government could not be created and a president could not be elected .
This , and the indirect negotiations with Israel that are now underway in Turkey -- which Assad knows can not produce major results , given Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's political weakness and Bush 's lame-duck status -- have helped to open for Syria the gates of Europe , where he had also once been a pariah .
Indeed , the US has now completely reversed its position of not negotiating with Iran until it stops uranium enrichment .
With the defeat of his ideologically inspired foreign policy , Bush has finally decided not to remain blind to the benefits of engaging Syria and Iran .
Pursuing radical goals does not necessarily mean that a country will act irrationally .
Neither Syria nor Iran -- in fact , not even North Korea -- has an interest in being the pariahs of the world community , and they fully understand the economic consequences of isolation .
Russia 's military is certainly not fit for a global confrontation with the West .
Then again , a war does not have to display state-of-the-art weaponry to convey a powerful political message .
The war in Georgia could not have happened if America had not mishandled its global hegemony so disastrously .
The US drive to expand NATO is not shared by all its allies , and Europe is in no mood to follow in the footsteps of Georgia 's impulsive president and be dragged by the ex-Soviet Baltic states and Poland into a confrontation with Russia .
Europe , dependent as it is on Russian energy supplies , is not prepared for a new Cold War , and its alternative to Russian oil -- Iran -- is not palatable to the Americans .
A return to a Cold War strategy is clearly not in the West 's interest .
But , as a power burdened with too many domestic ills and a chronic sense of insecurity along its vast and dangerously depopulated borders , Russia can not be interested in a Cold War II , either .
As the war in the Caucasus has shown , the global economy does not offer a foolproof guarantee against war .
But it is one thing to take a calculated risk , as the Russians did in rightly assuming that the West would not go to war over Georgia ; it is another thing for Russia to jeopardize its colossal economic gains of recent years in an all-out confrontation with the West .
Ignored and humiliated by the US since the Cold War ended , Russia needs integration into a new global order that respects its interests as a resurgent power , not an anti-Western strategy of confrontation .
Disarming the Middle East TEL AVIV -- Israel 's desperate plea that the world act to curtail what its intelligence service describes as Iran 's `` gallop toward a nuclear bomb '' has not gotten the positive response that Israel expected .
Russia holds the key not only to Iran 's diplomatic isolation , but also -- through the weapons transfers that it has already pledged to Iran -- to the Iranian government 's capacity to protect its nuclear installations .
Iran believes that it is the victim of an international double standard -- acceptance of Pakistan 's and India 's nuclear status , not to mention Israel 's -- which only fuels its sense of discrimination and its resolve to pursue its ambitions .
Hence , the solution lies not only in forcing NPT members like Iran and Syria to comply with their commitments , but in creating a broader regional security and cooperation architecture in the Middle East .
Indeed , Arab states have both developed and used chemical and biological weapons -- not against Israel , so far , but against others in the region .
In 1993 , Israel signed the international treaty banning chemical weapons , but did not ratify it because of the Arab states ' refusal to follow suit as long as Israel maintained its nuclear advantage .
The international community must recognize that the Middle East security equation is not a simple linear one involving Israel versus the Arab world .
So a concerted effort is needed by outside powers such as the US and Russia , not to act as spoilers of each other 's policies in the region , but to create a WMD-free zone .
Such a regional system can not be built in a political vacuum . A major effort to assist in the solution of the region 's major political disputes is a vital prerequisite .
The resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan requires a more robust military response , but with the American army bogged down in Iraq and the Western allies reluctant to send additional troops , the country 's dismemberment by local warlords is not a far-fetched scenario .
The specter of a Middle East nuclear arms race , with Iran 's Sunni rivals in the region -- Saudi Arabia , Egypt and others -- redoubling their efforts to attain nuclear status , can not be ruled out .
Obama 's ascension to the US presidency represents a revolutionary landmark in America 's history that should not be allowed to fall victim to inflated expectations .
The challenge of his foreign policy is not to change the Middle East -- this is the long-term task of the region 's peoples -- but to redress America 's damaged reputation in the Muslim world .
He can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
Slouching Toward Gaza With barrages of Kassam rockets being launched daily on Israeli towns from the Hamas-ruled Gaza strip and Israeli politicians competing over who would offer the harshest response , the question for Israel today has been reduced to whether or not to invade .
After all , Hamas was not elected to make peace with Israel or to improve relations with the United States .
However encouraging some sporadic signs of a shift toward political realism might be , it is not on Hamas 's immediate agenda to betray its very raison d'être by endorsing the US-led Annapolis peace process .
Hamas 's offensive is not an attempt to draw Israel into a costly invasion that might shake its regime .
Hamas radicalism is not devoid of a political purpose -- to bury whatever remains of the two-state solution .
However justified Israel 's action might be , and however critical of Hamas 's repressive regime the international community might be , it will not take long before the wide media coverage of civilian casualties will put Israel , not Hamas , in the dock of world opinion .
But , even if Israel is ready to pay the price of harsh international condemnation , it is not clear success in such a war really means .
Europe 's inability to help resolve the Arab-Israeli conflict does not stem from its positions on the core issues , which are only microscopically different from those held by the United States .
Now Europe is making Israelis feel not only that it is indifferent to their existential predicament , but that , rather than fighting for life against tremendous odds , Israel is committing European-style crimes .
But `` genocide '' it is not .
Israel should not , however , rejoice at being so far away from Europe , because Europe 's way is not far-fetched ; the world can not be allowed to operate for long outside a reasonable international system of rules and laws .
Europe might not intimidate , but it certainly inspires , and Israel should have an interest in encouraging a judicious role for Europe in building a framework for peace , stability , and cooperation in the region .
The EU is not proof of the decay of the nation-state .
For Israel , the long overdue message is that its future in the Middle East does not lie in strategic alliances with the region 's non-Arab powers , but in reconciling itself with the Arab world .
All of these countries did not have any particular dispute with Israel , and all , to varying degrees , had tense relations with their Arab neighbors .
It reflected the yearning of the Jewish state to unleash its creative energies in economic and social matters , as it created space for an independent , imaginative foreign policy that was not linked to , or conditioned by , the paralyzing constraints of the Arab-Israeli conflict .
But the security that this scheme was supposed to produce could never really be achieved ; the centrality of the Arab-Israeli conflict could not be attenuated .
That agreement not only contains benchmarks that should lead to self-determination for Sudan 's South ; it also spells out a democratization process in Sudan itself .
The arrest warrant for al-Bashir should not be allowed to spur further attempts by his government to sabotage the CPA and the fragile process leading to the 2011 referendum .
Because the North possesses the capacity , but not the political will , to implement the CPA , and the South has the will but not the capacity , continued disengagement by the international community might doom the prospects for peace .
But emphasizing the reduction of social inequalities does not sit easily with America 's profoundly individualistic ethos , and the attempt to `` Europeanize '' the nature of the social contract between the state and its citizens might yet crash against the constitutive principles of the American system .
The organizing principle in the new president 's foreign policy is one of not having principled , ideological guidelines .
Repairing old alliances is vital not only for the exercise of American power , but also for Europe 's empowerment as a global player .
The expectation was that Russia would join the United States in putting pressure on Iran to abandon its nuclear ambitions . But this has not yet happened .
However , in the case of Kashmir , the asymmetric conflict currently fought by proxies and terrorist groups might not degenerate into all-out war precisely because India and Pakistan have mutual nuclear deterrence .
`` Victory '' can not bring peace , simply because there will always be a war after the war .
Crises and profound disagreements are not new in the relations between these two unequal allies .
Obama is a revolutionary phenomenon in American history ; he certainly does not fit the traditional pattern of American presidents after World War II .
He was far less shaped by religious and biblical teachings than all of them , and the narrative of Jewish history and of Israel 's heroic emergence out of the ashes of the Holocaust is not the primordial sentiment in his attitude toward the Arab-Israeli conflict .
But even when US administrations have not embodied an emotional attachment to Israel , they have still backed Israel 's cause , provided that doing so can be sustained by considerations of realpolitik .
But this does not necessarily mean that we are witnessing the end of the US-Israel `` special relationship . ''
Even a revolutionary president will not depart from America 's core commitments to an Israel that fights for reasonable and morally defensible positions .
So far , Obama has been careful not to depart from any of the traditional American positions pertaining to Israel 's security .
There is bound to be more convergence down the road , when he decides to define Israel 's real , not ideological , red lines .
In Netanyahu 's view , solving the Palestinian problem would not remove the Iranian challenge ; rather , it is the neutralization of that existential threat that would pave the way to the creation of a Palestinian state .
As John Kerry , the Chairman of the US Senate 's Foreign Affairs Committee , put it , `` this peace process is not a one way street '' in which the onus is put exclusively on Israel .
The Obama Doctrine and Africa MADRID -- President Barack Obama 's much discussed Cairo speech represented not only the demise of George W. Bush 's ideological drive to reconstruct the Muslim world through a democratic revolution ; it marked the end of American liberalism 's quest to remake the world in its own image .
But the emerging Obama doctrine suggests that `` elections alone do not make true democracy , '' and that , as has been the case in the Arab world , any abrupt move to democracy is bound to produce chaos .
Moreover , in Africa post-authoritarian rulers are not necessarily respectful of human rights and decent governance .
Though President Camara eventually succumbed to pressure and declared elections for the coming fall , he has a valid point in insisting that he first must secure stability so that elections do not become a mere prelude to civil strife .
He maintained a constitution , and held elections , but this did not make him a democratic ruler , nor was he able to extricate his country from appalling backwardness despite its tremendous potential for economic development .
The problem in Africa is one of effective government , not of elections and high-minded constitutions .
Israel expects the Obama administration not only to appreciate the unique context of its ambiguous nuclear status , but also to recognize that it can not be forthcoming in assuring its neighbors or the rest of the world regarding its nuclear program unless the Middle East political environment changes in a radically positive way .
Indeed , Israel insists that it is , after all , Iran , not Israel 's supposed nuclear capabilities , that triggered the current Middle East nuclear arms race .
Israel 's policy of nuclear ambiguity has remained practically unchallenged for almost 50 years , not least within Israel itself , where the issue has been a sacred taboo .
After all , the current strategy has not really worked either as a deterrent against conventional attacks -LRB- which persisted throughout the years that Israel supposedly developed its nuclear arsenal -RRB- or as a warning to rivals -LRB- such as Iran -RRB- against developing a nuclear weapon .
The Return of 1948 TEL AVIV -- The forthcoming United Nation 's conference commemorating the 60th anniversary of UNRWA -LRB- The UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees -RRB- could not come at a better moment .
Netanyahu 's intention was essentially to force the Palestinians into admitting that the right of return of refugees applies only to the Palestinian state , not Israel .
Indeed , despite of the rise of Fayaadism , the Palestinian national movement will be careful not to betray its real sources of legitimacy : the ethos of dispossession and the refugee .
Peace is frequently not about justice but about stability .
Because Israel will have to implement practical measures of resettlement and compensation that will not be based on an automatic right of physical return , a symbol of genuine moral compensation is also called for .
Indeed , the rules have changed , and Israel can not say that it was not warned that this is an era in which international law and universal justice are being forcefully promoted as pillars of an improved world order .
That was not the case when the Arab-Israeli conflict started more than 60 years ago .
Now , however , the international community is bound to scrutinize how wars are conducted , and crimes of war will not be allowed to go unpunished .
Alas , the new rules apply in fact only to those countries that are not world powers .
The UN 's Human Rights Council would not have dared to put Russia in the dock for razing Grozny , Chechnya 's capital , or China for brutally suppressing the people of Tibet and the Muslim Uighur minority .
After all , she explained to a European colleague , one is not supposed to abuse one 's banker .
Indeed , as Justice Richard Goldstone himself was dismayed to discover , the Human Rights Council chose to censure Israel exclusively while not even bothering to mention Hamas , which Goldstone explicitly accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that an `` Obama effect '' is having an impact on Israel 's current international predicament .
The indifference of some European countries towards Israel 's call for help during the debate over the Goldstone report was not unrelated to their frustration at Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's refusal to freeze the settlements , as Obama has been insisting .
The Goldstone report is not necessarily bad news for peace prospects in the Middle East .
Hamas was definitely deterred by Israel 's merciless offensive , and Israel , whether it admits it or not , is bound to be deterred by the specter of Israeli leaders and army officers becoming the object of arrest warrants in Europe .
But victory for the forces of jihad is not the only possible scenario .
But this does not mean that a Taliban victory or an Afghan crisis that spirals out of control is no threat to the Kremlin 's standing in Central Asia , a region it considers its strategic backyard .
As in Africa , where it is consistently replacing Western influence with its massive financial firepower , China 's strategy in Afghanistan is mostly focused on business development -- with a stabilizing effect on the country that should not be underestimated .
The Alliance would not be happy to apply Article 5 of the NATO charter , which would oblige its members to fight for Israel if it were attacked by any of its many potential enemies in an endemically dangerous region .
Such is NATO 's interest in Israel that Patrick Hardouin , a high official at the Political Affairs and Security Policy Department of the Alliance , made it explicit in 2006 , saying that `` the ups and downs of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict must not limit Israel-NATO cooperation . ''
The Dialogue was not exactly an edifying success , however .
David Ben-Gurion 's dream of Israel becoming a NATO member might not materialize , but the developing partnership reflects the Alliance 's unequivocal recognition that Israel shares the challenges facing the West and is a vital partner in developing responses to them .
But creating a structure of international relations that will make a more stable and enduring world order is not a task to be completed within one year .
The solution is ultimately political , not military .
But this might not be achieved without involving the major regional stakeholders , including Pakistan , China , and possibly Iran .
If these two countries ' mutual hostility is not reined in , and a fundamentalist Afghanistan continues to provide the strategic depth through which Pakistan threatens its sworn Indian enemies , the current disaster might still breed defeat .
Israel 's fear that the failure of sanctions might bring the United States to accept coexistence with a nuclear-armed Iran in the way it did with the Soviet Union during the Cold War is not entirely unfounded .
Obama 's administration will not start a war with a third Muslim country while the two others continue to burn .
Some see war as a way of resolving an increasingly deadlocked situation , shaking up a dysfunctional regional order whose main actors are not only at loggerheads , but are also incapable of resolving the legitimacy deficits of their respective regimes .
Indeed , the Obama administration 's main challenge these days is not peacemaking , but regional conflict management and preemption .
But preventing war will not be easy , because Barack Obama 's mystique has worn off in the Arab world .
Israel would not like to be seen as the spoiler of a diplomatic solution to a dispute that in any case can not be resolved by military means alone .
Wars in the Middle East , it should be recalled , have started even when the parties did not really want them .
But America 's extraordinary efforts to rein in Israel might not be enough to avert a calamity .
The paradox is that America might be winning the war for Arab democracy , even if by default , but can not reap the benefits , simply because the emerging pattern of Islamic pluralistic politics does not coincide with the West 's brand of secular liberal democracy .
The US retreated from its democratic designs once it realized that Arab democracy is not being identified with the liberal secular opposition , a political force that practically does not exist in the Arab world , but with Islamic radicals that are seek to repudiate America 's policies and the cause of reconciliation with Israel .
The move of mainstream Islamists , like the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , the Islamic Action Front in Jordan , Hamas in Palestine , the Renaissance Party in Tunisia , or the Party of Justice and Development in Morocco , away from jihadism to political participation started well before America 's democracy promotion campaign , and is not an attempt to please the West .
The stability of those Arab regimes that are not sustained by a democratic consensus is bound to be fragile and misleading .
Both the West and the Arab rulers need to realize that the tense equation between the incumbent regimes and political Islam is not necessarily a zero-sum game .
The challenge is not how to destroy Islamic movements , but how to turn them away from revolutionary to reformist politics by granting them legitimate political space .
Netanyahu , not surprisingly , was especially outspoken .
Netanyahu 's Holocaust analogy would have been a mere intellectual curiosity if he were not the person who would be responsible for taking the decision about whether to attack Iran 's nuclear installations and thus drive the Middle East into an apocalyptic confrontation .
Israel is not wrong to cast serious doubts on the efficacy of the measures that the United States pretends to take in the hope of curtailing Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
But this would not be Israel 's problem alone .
When he did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Barak conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power .
History has not come full circle .
The question , however , is not only one of money ; it is about whether Haiti 's agony is to be addressed as just one more humanitarian crisis or as a structural problem of state building -- a long-term quest for institutional stability and sustainable development .
A case like the island of La Española -LRB- Hispaniola -RRB- , where a simple border can reflect such vast differences , is not very common .
But , unlike the EU , the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant that can assume exclusive responsibility for extracting Haiti from its Biblical destitution .
Haitians should not be encouraged to seek a solution to their tragic plight simply by crossing the border , but Dominicans should not demonize Haiti as the source of all their problems .
In Erdogan 's vision , modernization does not preclude a return to Turkey 's Islamic roots , nor does it require it to abandon its destiny as a Middle East power , even if this means flouting United States-led policies in the region .
Erdogan 's neo-Ottomanism is not a return to an idyllic Ottoman Commonwealth ; it is more a clash between a rising radical axis , led by two major non-Arab powers -LRB- Turkey and Iran -RRB- , and the declining Arab conservative regimes .
He even flirted with Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir 's perverted Islamist rule , welcoming Bashir to Turkey after he was indicted by the International Criminal Court for massacres in Darfur on the grounds that `` Muslims do not commit genocide . ''
Yet , despite Erdogan 's creeping Islamic revolution , Turkey is not a second Iran .
TEL AVIV -- Twenty years after the Madrid Peace conference , and ten years after President Bill Clinton 's heroic efforts at Camp David failed to yield a settlement between Israelis and Palestinians , one can not escape the conclusion that the Israeli-Palestinian peace process has become one of the most spectacular deceptions in modern diplomatic history .
Then again , the idea of Palestinian statehood is not central to Hamas 's worldview , in which the strategic objective is the ultimate victory of Islam .
Trapped in their contradictions and zero-sum national dreams , Israelis and Palestinians can not expect a perfect solution .
The green light was given to the current negotiators by the Arab League , not by the elected representatives of the Palestinian people .
Arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not , and Abbas can not allow himself the luxury of deviating from it .
It is not impossible that with Hamas in the picture , an agreement could end the occupation , if not the conflict .
Israel wants an end to the conflict but is incapable of paying the price , whereas Hamas can better reconcile its ideology with a peace agreement with Israel if it is not defined as final .
Instead of insisting on what the Palestinians can not give , Israel should focus on what is essential : the international legitimacy of its borders .
It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that Netanyahu finally calculated that if he wants more room to maneuver to deal with Iran , he must participate in the peace process with the Palestinians .
But , in that case , Iranian quiescence , not peaceful relations with an independent Palestine , might be Bibi 's true objective .
MADRID -- Diplomacy is not having its finest hour nowadays .
But the West will also have to recognize that conflicts with a potent cultural and religious component are simply not susceptible to a military solution -- a realization that points toward ending the ostracism of political Islam -- Hamas and Hezbollah , for example .
Indeed , the list of Nobel Peace Prize laureates is not lacking in men -- Roosevelt , George Marshall , Menachem Begin , Anwar Sadat , Yitzhak Rabin , Yasser Arafat , and Henry Kissinger -- who either ended up recognizing the limits of military power or were simply following Clausewitz 's dictum that war is the continuation of politics by other means .
It was NATO 's robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia .
But this could not be achieved before Serbia was militarily humbled .
However encouraging , Czechoslovakia 's peaceful `` velvet divorce '' into two states has not been the norm in Europe or elsewhere .
If it were not for the 1973 Yom Kippur War , Israel and Egypt would never have reached a peace settlement .
After Rabin 's assassination , the notion has been gaining ground that any Israeli-Palestinian accord would be the `` peace of the exhausted , '' not Rabin 's `` peace of the brave . ''
But the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is nonetheless sui generis : either the parties ' six-decade mutual deadlock is not unbearable enough , or they prefer to pay the price of conflict rather than compromise their national ethos .
Internal conflicts that end not with mutual deadlock but with an overwhelming victory by one of the parties hardly ever produce diplomatic solutions .
Whether or not a new state is born in one of the most strategically sensitive areas of the world is of utmost concern to Sudan 's neighbors and others .
The fact that Omar al-Bashir , Sudan 's president , is not especially keen to agree to the United Nations ' plan to beef up its peacekeeping force in the country ahead of the referendum raises concern about his intentions .
He might not find that very difficult .
Indeed , if not convincingly deterred by the international community , it is extremely difficult to believe that Bashir would let the South secede without a fight .
As one of the poorest and neediest countries in the world , for which oil revenues would be the only source of income for years to come , an independent South Sudan could not be expected to rescue the debt-ridden North .
Black Africa , particularly the East African Community , can not think of any solution other than secession .
Concerned by Bashir 's delaying tactics , both Kenya and Uganda have advised their southern Sudanese friends not to make demarcation of the border a pre-condition for the referendum , as doing so would only play into Bashir 's hands .
The Perils of Palestinian Strategy TEL AVIV -- It should be clear to all by now that talks between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu can not produce a peace agreement .
Indeed , failure to reach a settlement in the past was not the result of bad faith , or inadequate negotiating skills .
The devastating effects of the new Palestinian strategy on Israel 's international standing can not be denied .
A hostile Palestinian state would then automatically emerge on the other side of what is in fact a massive wall -- a state that might not necessarily be ruled by the PLO .
This Gordian knot can not be untied ; it needs to be cut by robust third-party mediation .
Yet , no matter how enamored of the `` international community '' they may be , the Palestinians might not be happy with a plan that comes from a US-led international alliance .
The risk is that the fraternal ties between the army -- not exactly innocent of the Mubarak regime 's repressive practices -- and the protesters might prove short-lived .
It has not endorsed the wide array of liberal demands voiced by the revolutionaries of Tahrir Square .
A Western-leaning army , funded and trained by the United States , it can not allow itself the liberty of shooting peaceful protesters .
A democracy that excludes religion from public life entirely , à la France , can not work in Egypt .
After all , such a democracy does not work in Israel , or even in the US , a country that G. K. Chesterton described as having `` the soul of a church . ''
That said , a scenario in which the Muslim Brotherhood usurps the revolution does not seem plausible , if only because this might lead another strongman on horseback to take over .
Although still inspired by staunchly anti-Western conservatives who believe that the `` banner of Jihad '' should not be abandoned , the Brotherhood today is not the unconditionally jihadist organization that Mubarak regime 's portrayed to the West .
The tense relationship between the incumbent Arab regimes and political Islam is not necessarily a zero-sum game .
Of course , the same principles are not being applied to save the brutally repressed masses in Yemen or the Shia protesters in Bahrain . It is doubtful whether they will be extended to Saudi Arabia and Syria , let alone to Iran .
Of course , the Arab monarchies are not entirely immune to the threat of popular uprisings .
In none of the Arab monarchies have protesters gone after the king 's head ; their demand is for limits on absolute power , not an end to the monarchy .
For , in the Gulf , the issue for the US is not democracy versus autocracy ; it is one of an Iran-led Shia axis versus the Sunni pro-Western incumbent regimes .
Mubarak 's ineffectiveness as broker of an Israel-Palestinian peace was not truly inconvenient for some of Israel 's leaders .
Egypt 's regional power reflects its objective strategic weight , and this is not expected to change .
But Egypt 's attitude to Turkey and Iran would not be as confrontational as Israel would like it to be .
Moreover , after 30 years of tension , preparations are under way for the exchange of ambassadors between Egypt and Iran . `` Egypt does not view Iran as an enemy , '' proclaimed Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil el-Arabi .
Already , the new Egyptian finance minister , Samir Radwan , has made it clear that he does not favor investments from `` the enemy '' -- that is , Israel -- which might lead to a takeover of the Egyptian economy .
All of this does not mean that Egypt 's commitment to the two countries ' peace treaty is in imminent danger .
The real threat to Egypt 's security today is on its southern and eastern borders , not in Israel .
Moreover , an emerging democratic Egypt that is reconciling with Israel 's sworn enemies , and that is bound to be more proactive in its defense of the Palestinian cause , is not viewed in Israel as a legitimate intermediary .
Inertia was not always Israel 's way .
Netanyahu does not have to look very far for examples of bold and visionary Israeli leaders to follow .
TEL AVIV -- Binyamin Netanyahu 's furious rejection of US President Barack Obama 's proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian dispute -- frontiers that he called `` utterly indefensible '' -- reflects not only the Israeli prime minister 's poor statesmanship , but also his antiquated military philosophy .
But Netanyahu does not really trust `` the gentiles '' to supply that type of international recognition of Israel 's borders , not even when America is behind him , and not even when Israel today has the most powerful military capabilities in the Middle East .
The lesson was simple : the gentiles can not be relied upon , for Jewish history is one of betrayal and extermination at their hands .
To be fair , such an existential philosophy was not the right 's monopoly .
`` Let us not be deterred from seeing the loathing that is inflaming and filling the lives of the hundreds of thousands of Arabs who live around us .
Let us not avert our eyes lest our arms weaken ... This is the fate of our generation , this is our life choice , to be prepared and armed , strong and determined , lest the sword be stricken from our fist and our lives cut down ... We are a generation of settlers , and , without the steel helmet and the cannon 's fire , we will not be able to plant a tree and build a home . ''
But , as the French philosopher Paul Valéry put it , history , `` the science of things which are not repeated , '' is also `` the most dangerous product which the chemistry of the intellect has ever evolved , '' especially when manipulated by politicians .
He warned that if Europe 's attitude to NATO did not change , the Alliance would degenerate into `` collective military irrelevance . ''
Europe 's reluctance to participate in military endeavors should not come as a revelation .
But the fiscal crisis is not the whole story .
Thus , the idea that `` Y '' might turn out to be a latter-day `` X '' -- defining the nature of America 's international role in the twenty-first century -- may not be far-fetched .
It means engagement whereby America should not seek `` to bully , intimidate , cajole , or persuade others to accept our unique values or to share our national objectives . ''
The message emanating now from the US is not one of non-interventionism , but a strategy of restraint that assumes that there are limits to American power and seeks to minimize the risk of entanglement in foreign conflicts .
MADRID -- Whether or not the Arab Spring will usher in credible democracies across the Arab world remains uncertain .
But , while the dust has not yet settled after months of turmoil in Tunis , Cairo , and elsewhere , the Arab revolts have already had a massive impact on the strategic structure of the Middle East .
Notwithstanding its bitter conflict with Israel , Turkey , unlike Iran , is not an unconditional enemy of the Jewish state , and would not discard an accommodation with Binyamin Netanyahu 's government . Indeed , talks are now under way between the parties to restore more normal relations .
The stability and territorial integrity of the Gulf States is a strategic priority for Turkey ; that is clearly not the case for Iran .
Similarly , when it comes to Lebanon , Turkey certainly does not share Iran 's concern about the possible interruption of Hezbollah 's lifeline should the Syrian regime collapse .
The rift reflects not only ideological differences , but also disagreement about the objective of regime change .
TEL AVIV -- The somber spectacle of Israel 's isolation during the United Nations debate on Palestinian statehood marks the political tsunami that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's critics warned would arrive if Israel did not propose a bold peace initiative .
Speeches do not make peace , but they can mar its prospects .
Netanyahu could not bring himself to admit the sins of occupation , or even to utter a minimal expression of empathy with the Palestinian tragedy of dispossession and dispersion .
So , whoever aspires to help the parties reach a settlement needs to be attentive to the fact that territorial borders are only one aspect of this conflict -- and not necessarily the most contentious one .
If not for his bold initiative at the UN , the Quartet -LRB- the UN , the US , the European Union , and Russia -RRB- would not have become so suddenly hyperactive in searching for a formula to bring the parties back to the negotiating table .
Unfortunately , the recent exchange between Israel and Hamas , in which the Islamist organization gained the lion 's share of more than 1,000 prisoners in exchange for the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , does not augur well for the chances of an Israeli-Palestinian peace .
Contrary to appearances , the deal is not a reflection of both sides ' interest in beginning a political rapprochement that might lead to the end of the Gaza siege and other confidence-building measures .
But Israel is not required to sign a peace deal with the erratic Mashaal .
True , Yasser Arafat was not a model democrat , but his charisma and political acumen were crucial for holding all the Palestinian factions together .
Now , not even Fatah , Arafat 's own party , can claim to be a coherent organization .
It has not shrunk from bombarding Abbas 's presidential compound , attacking Fatah 's command centers , and targeting Fatah military leaders like Rashid Abu Shbak , the commander of Fatah 's internal security and many others , all of them lieutenants of the supreme Fatah military authority in the Gaza strip , Mohamed Dahlan .
Tragically , all this is not only about human victims , but also about the Palestinians ' political horizon .
However vibrant , Israel 's democracy is not exactly manageable or predictable , either .
But that despairing hope , uttered by a desperate Gazan , will not materialize .
Yet , engaged in a war driven by fury and vengeance , the Israelis are now focused again on a manhunt for gang chieftains , targeted killings of Hamas squads , and the arrest of its political leaders , not on peace overtures .
Moreover , no matter how critical the moderate Arabs may be of the Hamas coup in Gaza , the Arab leaders can not afford the domestic fallout of shunning Hamas .
The latest Sharm el-Sheikh summit is also a message to the Saudis : Cairo , not Mecca , is the center of Middle East politics .
America has always known that the Middle East 's problems are interconnected , but for years it got its priorities wrong , because it failed to see that if there was an Archimedean point to the Middle East problem , it was to be found in the Palestinian issue , not the `` War on Terror , '' Iraq , or the need for Arab democracy .
It took Bush six years of wrongheaded policies to finally admit that `` Iraq is not the only pivotal matter in the Middle East . ''
Nevertheless , Bush 's initiative is not devoid of virtue .
Moreover , both he and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice were unusually blunt in warning Israel that its future does not lie in `` continued occupation of the West Bank . ''
For these `` moderate '' American allies , peace is about Israeli concessions , not about pulling Israel 's chestnuts out of the fire , certainly as long as it refuses to endorse the Arab peace plan .
If Abbas is to prevail , it will not be through `` gestures '' or a process focusing on `` institution building , '' however important these may be .
Israel and Iran , two non-Arab powers in a hostile Arab environment , shared fundamental interests that the Islamic revolution could not change .
As an anti-status quo power , Iran is not pursuing nuclear capabilities in order to destroy Israel , but to gain prestige and influence in a hostile environment and as a shield for its challenge to the regional order .
And , however severe economic sanctions might be , they might not bring Iran to its knees .
However , being radical does not necessarily mean being irrational , and revolutionary Iran has given frequent proof of its pragmatism .
In the American-Iranian equation it was the US , not Iran , that conducted rigid ideological diplomacy .
This would not be achieved , however , through an inevitably imperfect sanctions regime , or by America 's resort to Cold War logic aimed at breaking Iran 's backbone by drawing it into a ruinous arms race .
Iran 's growing regional influence does not stem from its military expenditures , which are far lower than those of its enemies , but from its challenge to America and Israel through an astute use of soft power .
After three decades of spectacular economic growth , many Malays have become prosperous and content not only through secular capitalism , but through the country 's renewed sense of Islamic identity , one which -- for the most part -- embraced modernization .
In Malaysia today , Islam is being presented as a generator of civilization and culture , and not merely as a source of religious inspiration .
Islam Hadhari tries to project the idea that UMNO 's materialism and nationalism do not contradict Islam .
By making Islamists and Islamist sentiments a part of the process of modernization , Malaysia demonstrates that Islamic faith and economic growth can be reconciled if politicians are clever enough not to treat them as contradictions .
But this goal does not mean that the EU will compete with NATO .
This implies a high level of cohesion , which in the case of multinational forces is not guaranteed .
What the new law will not do , however , is address the most serious property rights disputes : land seizures and forced evictions for urban redevelopment .
Because people can not get justice through the courts , unrest has skyrocketed nationwide in recent years : official statistics record more than 200 protests a day , four times the number a decade ago .
Removing constraints on lawyers and ensuring that they are not attacked with impunity would be a good place to start .
Despite massive evidence to the contrary , many people -- not least theologians -- fear that we live in a secular age .
The other exception is sociological , comprising a relatively thin but influential international intelligentsia , for whom secularization has become not only a fact , but , at least for some of its members , an ideological commitment .
What modernity more or less inevitably brings about is not secularization but pluralism -- the peaceful co-existence of different racial , ethnic , or religious groups in the same society .
If freedom of religion is guaranteed -- the typical situation in liberal democracies -- religious institutions can not rely on the state to fill their pews .
This model has worked remarkably well not just in generating growth , but also , as documented in the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 's 2008 Transition Report , in improving the institutions that support markets and democracy in Eastern Europe .
Governments in Eastern Europe can not credibly match the broad deposit guarantees issued by their Western neighbors , and the generous recapitalizations have brought down Western banks ' relative funding costs , further weakening local institutions ' competitiveness .
To make the quality of the banking system a new criterion for euro membership is not only hypocritical ; it is also counterproductive .
After the devastating impact of the crisis on their economies , countries hosting Western banking subsidiaries and branches can not be expected to accept the status quo .
This is even more likely in countries that do not face the same constraints on national solutions as members of the EU &#45; &#45; most prominent among them China or India , which only recently opened their borders to foreign direct investment in the financial sector .
But the lesson from this experience is not that countries should attempt to reverse financial integration -- to do so would be both unfeasible and unwise -- but that they should reduce its risks .
This does not necessarily mean more regulation , but it certainly means better regulation , focused on improving incentives .
Yet it is clear that the way to address these pitfalls is to extend the transition agenda , not to replace it .
Unfortunately , they have not to the same extent embraced their Asian counterparts ' determination to address the vulnerabilities .
The region needs to find its way back not only to rapid growth , but also to safer , more sustainable growth .
Many of them grew at rates that compared favorably to other emerging markets , if not to China .
Looking ahead , the region 's main export markets , primarily in advanced Europe , are not expected to grow as fast as in the past .
The stakes could not be higher .
Eurozone leaders must now aim to preserve not only the single currency , but also the gains from financial integration in Europe .
The threat to cross-border banks comes not only from their deteriorating balance sheets in the face of lower sovereign-debt quality and weaker growth prospects , but also from the policy response itself .
Any restructuring requested in return for capital support should take into account the cross-border nature of the groups and not discriminate against subsidiaries abroad .
It must ensure that national interests do not undermine the integrity of the cross-border bank groups .
Everyone should see it ; not only for its dramatization of the past , but for insights into current events , especially the controversy surrounding America 's plans to establish National Missile Defense and the various regional disputes -- India and Pakistan , Taiwan and China , North and South Korea -- that may one day escalate into nuclear conflict .
The decisions taken and not taken over the following 13 days could have led to nuclear war .
In one of the film 's many charged sequences , McNamara explains to a trigger-happy admiral that the naval blockade Kennedy had imposed on Cuba was primarily intended as a signal to Chairman Khrushchev of Kennedy 's resolve , not as a means to stop specific Soviet ships .
So an invasion might have led to the death of 80 million Americans and the obliteration of Cuba simply because Kennedy 's government did not have the facts right -LRB- which is often more common than not when the executive must take a solitary decision . -RRB-
One difficult question not raised during those discussions at Harvard is this : what would have happened if the opponent had not been Khrushchev , who behaved rather rationally throughout the crisis , but had been an irresponsible Saddam Hussein , Kim Jong Il or a fundamentalist ?
Americans may differ about what policy should have been pursued in Iraq , but they know that their country can not run from its role as a world leader responsible for developments in North Korea , the Middle East , Pakistan\/India , Taiwan , and elsewhere .
It is a jungle out there , as Americans say ; not every problem and conflict can be handled through the sort of peaceful , drawn-out negotiations that the EU prefers .
`` We are not even ready to forcefully meet conflicts on our own continent , '' Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski sighed .
Bosnia 's Muslims thank America , not the EU , for their deliverance from slaughter .
Similarly , domestic US politics is gravitating to the country 's south and west , regions that look towards Latin America and Asia , not Europe .
Web search engines are the only mechanism with which to navigate this avalanche of information , so they should not be mistaken for an optional accessory , one of the buttons to play with , or a tool to locate the nearest pizza store .
It is not far-fetched to say that Google made the Internet what it is today .
But search technologies that are based on statistical algorithms can not address the quality of information , simply because high-quality information is not always popular , and popular information is not always high-quality .
You can collect statistics until the cows come home , but you can not expect statistics to produce an effect beyond what they are good for .
Once computers can handle natural languages with semantic precision , high-quality information will not need to become popular before it reaches the end user , unlike what is required by Web search today .
We can not afford a future in which knowledge is at the mercy of popularity and money .
But the realities of politics in today 's Europe do not allow for the sort of document the signatories really wanted to draft , so the constitution that they did write is designed to establish a process of evolutionary change that will motivate further improvements along the way - improvement that will , it is hoped , one day obliterate the very arrangements today 's EU Constitution is setting up .
It may do so to some degree , but not nearly as much as if the treaty 's architects had done more to separate constitutional matters , such as the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the competences of Union bodies and member states , from the stuff of everyday politics , like agricultural and fisheries policies or the technicalities of judicial cooperation in civil and criminal matters .
With nothing set in concrete , Europe 's constitutional process continue to rely not on any transcendent document , but on balancing political relations and calculations so that the whole thing does not fall apart .
Today , the most important issue facing Nato concerns whether or not to admit the Baltic states -- Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- now , after some delay , or never .
No matter what decision Nato takes , containing the negative fall-out -- in Russia or the Baltics -- will not be easy .
Why not postpone enlargement , they ask , until some of the states demanding to join Nato have gained EU membership , where elements of their security concerns may be met ?
But postponement is not a viable option , for the following reasons :
So they can not repeat the same formula in Prague and remain credible in both Russia and Eastern Europe ;
Diplomatic tricks can not finesse the issue .
If only one were invited to join as a symbol of western determination , Russia would interpret this as appeasement , not steadfastness -RRB-
If Nato says `` Yes '' to the Baltics , it must make both Moscow and the Baltic three understand that enlargement is meant to increase stability along Russia 's western border , not threaten Russia .
Both inferences are potentially disastrous , not only for relations between West and Eastern Europe but , more importantly , for relations between Russia and the West .
In view of Moscow 's insistence that it will never accept such a decision , this will not be easy .
President Bush has made this his top priority ; for as long as he is in the White House , he will not waver in this pursuit and neither will his people .
Yet Blair did not rely on this alone .
When he called on British forces it was thus for the common defense , not just to serve the US .
All this signaled to allies abroad and citizens at home that Britain 's cooperation should not be taken for granted , that it requires domestic approval .
But their people rightly demand that government should not just serve the interests of others .
For one , they have to emphasize that this is their own struggle , not just America 's .
They can not simply wait for America to move , nor can they always seek to placate Washington 's preferences .
What this distinct contribution could be is not difficult to define .
It is not only America 's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest ; nor the other familiar phenomenon that American administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism .
We are not witnessing a Copernican revision of the orbits of global diplomacy . For , although a world without treaties and institutions would hurt most other countries more , it would hurt the mighty US as well .
In the past , the Geneva Convention prescribed how regular prisoners of war and members of irregular military forces should be treated when apprehended : they are not to be dealt with as criminals .
Soon , however , the Pentagon 's language lost its sharp edge : the problem did not really exist as the captives would be released soon anyway , and were treated well anyway .
Finally , President Bush announced that Taliban fighters but not Al Qaida terrorists would enjoy the Geneva Convention 's protections .
Because it is so fragile , international law depends on the support of the most powerful participants in international affairs ; if their commitment is in doubt , it will not be upheld .
That is the lesson of Guantanamo . It is also the reason why the rest of the world need not worry .
American uneasiness about the prevailing body of international law dealing with conflicts is not entirely frivolous .
Merely to insist , as some legal purists want , on the sanctity of existing agreements , is not enough ; if they were adequate for past international requirements , this does not mean they are viable in a time when non-state actors are muscling into an arena hitherto monopolized by states .
Since America persists in rejecting the present court proposal -LRB- which has not yet entered into force -RRB- , European governments , instead of sticking to it with equal obduracy , would do better to suggest an ad hoc international court to deal with Al Qaida-type culprits , perhaps attached to the Hague Tribunal now sitting in judgment over the war criminals of the Balkan Wars .
Creating such a court would demonstrate that acts of international terrorism are an affront to the international community as a whole , not merely to the US .
International agreements and international law are so essential for coexistence on this crowded globe that not even the most powerful nation can do without them .
Even in politics it is foolish to oppose logic , and the simple logic of international agreements is that if one party does not honor them , neither will others .
The ongoing Middle East crisis is not only directly relevant to that troubled region but more generally to the global `` war against terror '' conducted under US leadership .
The first law in strategy is to be clear about who your enemy is , to focus on him and not be deflected .
With the help of powerful groups within the US Administration , the Israeli government succeeded in redefining America 's enemy in the `` war on terror '' to mean not only Osama bin Laden 's globally operating Al Qaeda network , but every militant group of Palestinians that resists Israel 's occupation .
Sharon is not alone in hijacking the definition of the terrorist enemy .
Even powerful America can not hunt down everyone everywhere who employs violence as a political weapon .
This argues for targeting such support , not lumping all of these groups together .
If you throw your blanket too wide , you can not complain about nasty bedfellows .
Without his determination , backed by a highly credible show of military force and skilful diplomacy , Iraq 's military programs would not now be exposed to a scrutiny more intense than that applied to any other would-be proliferator in the world today .
The best `` serious consequences '' of which the UN Security Council has warned should Iraq fail to comply with its obligations would be an even more intense effort to destroy its illicit weapons through continuous inspections of the country 's offensive military capabilities : inspectors , not invaders .
Mr. Bush 's international credibility , they should emphasize , does not suffer through avoiding a war but gains further through controlling Iraq 's hitherto covert military effort .
Under that bargain , the bigger states accepted restraints on their power in order to increase the weight of the Union as a whole while the smaller ones realized that being part of the club gave them a chance they would not have otherwise , namely to participate in the shaping of common policies .
The authority of the big countries derives not from their European credentials but from their power ranking ; the resentment of the smaller countries flows not from a different notion of integration but from their fear of losing out .
Many , if not most , of the members no longer recognize NATO as central to their national interest .
That , not the falling-out among major allies over the Iraq War , is the cause for the deep crisis the modern world 's oldest and most successful alliance now finds itself in .
That is also why the modest efforts now being undertaken by the alliance to assist America in trying to stabilize Iraq will not stitch NATO back together again .
To be sure , the US administration has now asked all of NATO for help , in marked contrast to its haughty claim only two years ago that NATO as such no longer mattered ; not membership in the alliance , but a particular military mission , would henceforth define the coalition .
Yet , for most of the allies , this new approach is merely tactical , a sign of Yankee pragmatism when the situation demands it , not of a change of heart on the part of the Bush administration to rebuild NATO as the central plank of the transatlantic partnership .
NATO 's crisis of confidence and cohesion stems from the Cold War 's end , not from the turbulences of the Iraq War .
European governments , therefore , are crazy not to support NATO .
This does not imply kowtowing to every American view and whim or foregoing efforts to strengthen European defense cooperation .
If Bush and Schroeder are now showing the world how well they get along together , it is not because they are off to a new start , but because it suits their tactical interests .
But for the US , the step is seen , not without reason , as an encouragement to China in its conflict with Taiwan .
But the Mainz meeting will not bring the two sides closer to working out a common position on any of these issues , or even to seeing the other side 's point of view .
But it amounts merely to a temporary papering over of differences , not their resolution .
The welcome return to civility is not , therefore , a return to mutual trust .
After all , the test of alliance does not lie in praising agreements , but in thrashing out disagreements in a spirit of cooperation .
But that miracle will not materialize in Mainz .
Schroeder came to power seven years ago representing a new generation whose formative experience was not the Cold War , European integration , and transatlantic friendship , but German unification and the restoration of national sovereignty .
Merkel will reintroduce the warmth that has been missing under Schroeder , but she will not become America 's yes-woman .
But she has already made clear that Germany 's neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed .
She may even want to confirm that message by making her first official trip abroad not to Paris but to Warsaw or Vilnius .
She will continue to favor the eventual admission of the Balkan states , but she has left no doubt of her opposition to full membership for Turkey , which is the major substantive change from the Schroeder era -LRB- although her government will not block the start of negotiations in early October -RRB- .
There are indications that Germany is finally emerging from years of economic stagnation , not least thanks to the reforms started under Schroeder .
One can only hope that this recognition will serve as her guidepost when tough decisions must be made and changes in style alone will not be enough .
If an international force simply allows Ehud Olmert 's government to pursue its plans further , the countries that provide troops for the international force will not only be seen as rubberstamping Israeli policy , but will also be dragged into its failure .
To criticize Israel 's strategy as flawed is not to condone the acts of Hamas or Hezbollah or to deny Israel 's right to self-defense .
And the `` security fence , '' which was to allow for unilateral separation , may hold back suicide bombers but not modern missiles of the kind currently employed by Hezbollah .
It takes little foresight , however , to predict that more force will not produce more security for Israel .
It will not hide the fact that Israel has run out of unilateral options .
True , such talks will be difficult , and they may not succeed .
Only an Israel seriously willing to seek security through agreement , not one that wants to impose her security on her neighborhood by fiat , can be partner to an international effort to bring stability to Lebanon and beyond .
Of course , some countries , not least the US , would oppose making such a reversal in Israeli policy a condition of creating an international force and consensus in NATO , the EU , or the UN may not be found or , if it were to emerge , Israel might simply refuse to abide .
Creating an international force for southern Lebanon makes sense only as an investment in regional peace , not as an appendix to Israel 's current strategy .
This strategy has not worked and will not work .
True , Iran 's total halt of its enrichment program would be welcome , not least because its government has hidden these activities for almost two decades from Treaty inspectors , suggesting other than purely civilian motives .
But the issue of enrichment has been blown up into such a symbol of national sovereignty in Iran that no government there , not only the current Achmadinejad administration , will climb down .
Tougher economic sanctions will not force Iran to comply ; instead , sanctions will merely hit this oil - and gas-rich country 's trading partners .
The Six have refused because verification can not provide an absolute guarantee against the diversion of some enriched uranium to military use .
But as the superpowers learned in the Cold War , the absence of airtight verification does not render inspections useless .
He is skillfully playing the anti-America card across Europe while putting pressure on the Baltic states , a clear warning not to extend Nato any further .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
If they dissented from US positions , this did not seriously impair the West 's strategic efficacy because American power was more than sufficient to compensate .
European leaders , even when they are unhappy over US positions , therefore need to combine forceful support for the transatlantic community of interests with discrete , if firm lobbying in Washington not to strain it to the breaking point .
So not only has the MPC kept interest rates at a rock-bottom 0.5 % since 2009 , but policy has been loosened further by the Bank of England 's so-called `` quantitative easing '' -- that is , expanding the monetary base by the stroke of a pen in the hope of reinvigorating domestic credit markets .
The US economy is staging a more convincing recovery than the UK , and , in contrast to the Bank of England and the European Central Bank , the Fed is not explicitly mandated by Congress to achieve a specific inflation target .
This means , of course , that if protectionism is politically convenient , you need not shed tears over harming the country by surrendering to it , an attitude that many Democrats in the United States find convenient to adopt .
Many economists have concluded , however , that continual and deep labor-saving technological change , not trade with poor countries , is a principal culprit in the stagnation seen in rich-country wages nowadays .
But the facts are often fiction , and the logic is not compelling .
The latter is indeed true ; but the former , asserted by many protectionists , is not .
All that Samuelson showed was that any exogenous change could harm a trading economy ; he did not argue that an appropriate response to that unfortunate situation was to abandon free trade .
Indeed , it is clear that the increased tradability of services has not unleashed an economic tsunami on rich countries .
Indeed , in Book II of The Wealth of Nations , Smith condemned as unproductive the labors of `` churchmen , lawyers , physicians , men of letters of all kinds ; players , buffoons , musicians , opera-singers , opera-dancers , etc. '' We may agree with Smith -LRB- and Shakespeare -RRB- about the uselessness of lawyers perhaps , but surely not about Olivier , Falstaff , and Pavarotti .
His argument was that an ongoing shift of value added from manufacturing to services was harmful , because manufactures were technologically progressive , whereas services were not .
In short , it is what you `` consume , '' not what you produce , that influences what sort of person you will be and how that affects your economy and your society .
It surely had not occurred to me that England grew its own oranges . ''
While these episodes reflected academic obsession with manufactures and therefore died early deaths , the same can not be said for the latest revival of the `` manufactures fetish '' in the US and Great Britain .
But this does not follow .
Diesel engines and turbines are not the only alternatives ; many services , like professional therapy , nursing , and teaching are available .
The case for a shift to manufacturing remains unproven , because it can not be proved .
So good trade policy should push for multilateral trade liberalization such as at the Doha Round , rather than preferential trade agreements -LRB- PTAs -RRB- such as free-trade areas -LRB- FTAs -RRB- , and also ensure that any retreat into protectionism does not degenerate into discriminatory trade practices .
This makes it harder for companies to get governmental support to hire skilled immigrants with H1 -LRB- b -RRB- visas : they must first show that they have not laid off or plan to lay off American workers in similar occupations .
But there have also been proposals to grant duty-free access to Pakistan 's exports . But this would be discriminatory toward developing countries that do not have duty-free access , helping Pakistan at their expense .
But the fact that CSR is being demanded , and occasionally conceded , does not ensure clarity about either its rationale or the ways in which it should be undertaken .
CSR can be divided into two categories : what corporations should do -LRB- say , contribute to a women 's rights NGO or build a village school -RRB- and what they should not do -LRB- say , dump mercury into rivers or bury hazardous materials in landfills -RRB- .
But that does not mean that a corporation is the right entity to engage in altruism -- though its various stakeholders obviously can spend any portion of the income they earn from the corporation and other sources in altruistic ways .
But there are good reasons to suspect that China 's authoritarian advantage will not endure .
Again , China 's authoritarian politics means that it can not profit from the innovations that depend on software , as that is an instrument through which dissent can flourish and become subversive of total control .
As one wit has observed , the PC -LRB- personal computer -RRB- and the CP -LRB- Communist Party -RRB- do not go together .
China was clearly able for many years to exploit a `` reserve army of the unemployed '' à la Karl Marx -- to grow rapidly without facing a labor-supply constraint , so that capital accumulation would not run into diminishing returns .
By contrast , India has a far more abundant supply of labor , as well as a more favorable demographic profile , so that , as India 's investment rate increases , labor will not be a constraint .
The fear of globalization , however , began historically in the East , not the West .
Many intellectuals shared this dark anti-globalization vision , and policymakers in much of the East were not far behind .
The East had feared that it could not gain from trade with the West , which had superior infrastructure and human capital ; now , the West had come to fear that it would lose from trade with the East , which had abundant , cheap labor .
The current crisis did not create the debate about globalization now heard in the West ; it only made it slightly more salient .
The problem , of course , is that producers of new goods and services do not create jobs at exactly the same rate as efficiency gains or imports reduce the demand for labor .
Low-cost call centers in India or Chinese made bicycles do not reflect any `` natural '' comparative advantage .
Moreover , exports to low-wage countries can not compensate for job losses .
A Chinese worker simply can not buy the same goods and services as a worker in the EU , and workers in low-wage countries spend only a small portion of their incomes on EU products .
More effective use of counter-cyclical policies may have subsequently smoothed out the economic cycle , but this can not explain why productivity and incomes also grew more rapidly than in the 19th century .
Airplanes , for instance , did n't reduce demand for automobiles : people fly when they would not otherwise have driven .
Little of this , however , is the result of design , for -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- we in Poland have not thought through what sort of foreign policy we need as a member of NATO and putative member of the European Union .
Poland as an ally of the US is not the real headache facing President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder .
But an EU with 10 new members simply can not be run as it has for decades .
So the challenge to France and Germany does not arise because Poland is some sort of American `` Trojan Horse . '' Instead , the EU 's structure now demands not only a new consensus about Europe 's role in the world , but also new means to achieve consensus .
History can not be put on hold as Europe sorts out its internal balance of power .
As Danish Premier Anders Fogh Rasmussen recently said , `` France and Germany are not in a position to guarantee our country 's security .
The US is , but security does not come free of charge . ''
But this dependence should not disguise the fact that there is a commonality of foreign policy interests between Europe and America .
What most European countries get for their social expenditure is a lot of state provision of services , and not much reduction in social inequality .
Doing so would reduce inequalities not only between EU member states , but also within the poorer ones . The poorest of the poor would gain the most , while the rich member states would lose little , despite their popular fear of open borders .
But the impact of free migration -LRB- when allowed -RRB- on French plumbers ' incomes is in fact minimal , not least because of the smallness of the new member states compared to the whole of Western Europe .
Workers ' incomes in Britain and Ireland have not fallen measurably , despite both countries ' openness to immigration from the enlarged EU .
Free migration in the EU means that Polish plumbers will not only catch up with French plumbers , but also with Polish bankers .
What motivates the opponents of free service provision and labor movement in Europe is not a desire to ensure social cohesion , but a wish to maintain the status quo .
A democratic Ukraine with an open economy and close ties with the European Union could not fail to influence Russia 's future path as well .
But , whether saint or sinner , everyone deserves a fair hearing , not a show trial .
Tymoshenko 's trial , and how she is treated by the Ukrainian authorities , must not only be fair , but also must be seen to be fair .
Parliament watered down a proposal for far-reaching pension reform to the point that it borders on useless , and repeated promises to stop subsidizing wasteful energy consumption through low gas prices have not been honored .
Our bodies simply can not synthesize many essential compounds , so our health partly depends on what we eat and drink .
But what specifically makes fruits and vegetables so beneficial is not clear .
In fact , the amounts of antioxidants that lend protection are not known and probably differ among individuals .
In most human disease , oxidative stress is merely a symptom . So the link between oxidative stress and disease should not be overemphasized .
So the optimal source for antioxidants is diet , not supplements .
SINGAPORE -- Japan 's nuclear crisis is a nightmare , but it is not an anomaly .
And , of course , this average does not include the Fukushima catastrophe .
Another index of nuclear-power accidents -- this one including costs beyond death and property damage , such as injured or irradiated workers and malfunctions that did not result in shutdowns or leaks -- documented 956 incidents from 1942 to 2007 .
Mistakes are not limited to reactor sites .
Unfortunately , on-site accidents at nuclear reactors and fuel facilities are not the only cause of concern .
The August 2003 blackout in the northeastern US revealed that more than a dozen nuclear reactors in the US and Canada were not properly maintaining backup diesel generators .
As environmental lawyers Richard Webster and Julie LeMense argued in 2008 , `` the nuclear industry ... is like the financial industry was prior to the crisis '' that erupted that year . '' -LRB- T -RRB- here are many risks that are not being properly managed or regulated . ''
The communities affected could not be more different from one another , and yet the similarities in the responses are striking .
These gains occurred only because of the commitment of leaders , agencies , and individuals who realized that lessening the malaria burden is not only an opportunity , but also a responsibility .
If it succeeds , the impact will be dramatic -- and not just in Nigeria .
But they need not search too far for culprits ; indeed , they need only look in the mirror and confront the consequences of the dishonest game that the leaders of EU member states have played for too long .
So , when the leaders of France and the Netherlands -- pro-constitution to a fault -- asked their people what they thought about the Union , they received a clear echo of their own message : the people did not like the reforms , and they did not like the `` Brussels bureaucrats , '' constitution or no constitution .
Even if as many or more jobs are created as are destroyed , this does not eliminate the pain of those who find themselves unemployed .
But this does not make governments ' political task much easier , because the benefits are diffuse : consumers paying less for airline tickets may not attribute it to deregulation .
This exonerating hypothesis does not hold water .
Governments did not have to cede these powers .
But they did , and this did not prevent them for blaming `` Brussels '' strongly and loudly for these very constraints when their own national airlines got in trouble .
Moreover , labor-market policies do not fall under the EU mandate , so national governments will be on their own , without the Brussels bureaucrats to blame .
In crossing borders , the sharp portfolio reallocations and the rush to safer assets are creating not only financial but also exchange-rate crises .
It is not just a question of providing them with liquidity so that they can simply maintain their exchange rates in the face of a large capital outflows .
Many investors who want out will not return for some time , and countries must accept this fact and adjust accordingly .
Only with such a commitment will people and firms be confident that we are not headed for a repeat of the Great Depression , and start spending again .
My strong belief is that if these policies are followed , by the end of 2009 , if not sooner , the world economy will start recovering from the crisis .
To be sure , the recovery was not expected to be smooth : historically , cleaning up after a financial crisis of this magnitude takes a long time , especially given high debt burdens , extended joblessness , and damaged banking systems .
The headline numbers do not look so bad .
And growth in advanced countries is not sufficient to make serious inroads into high unemployment rates , which are imposing high social costs .
In these circumstances , policy inertia is not an option .
In some cases , funding challenges remain , and balance sheets have not been fully cleansed .
But the two largest advanced economies -- the US and Japan -- have not yet started along this path .
They should put in place as soon as possible credible consolidation plans that are specific in terms of not only goals , but also the tools to achieve them .
Thus , the tools used to carry out fiscal adjustment should boost economic efficiency , or at least not damage it .
In emerging markets and low-income economies , the challenge is to avoid overheating , contain financial risks , and address pressing social spending needs , while not compromising sustainability .
In conclusion , the recovery continues , but it is not on solid ground .
We do not think that this points to a double-dip recession .
The `` popping '' of such an asset bubble is what happened in Japan 10 years ago , an event from which that country has not yet recovered .
Those of the second type are minor and relatively easy to repair if not to avoid . All that they usually require is a reduction in interest rates or a bit of reflation .
Under such conditions , a mere nudge in interest rates by the Federal Reserve should set right any residual problem ; if not , a tax cut will do the trick .
Productivity growth will probably be higher than before 1995 : the soaring growth rates of recent years are not accidents ; the high tech explosion is real .
This debate is occurring not only in France after the defeat of the Socialists last April . It also characterizes the political situation in the US after the defeat of the Democrats in last November 's mid-term elections .
With this `` us versus them '' view of the world , it was not hard to rally voters , from the most disenfranchised all the way up to the salaried middle class -- more than enough for the left to secure electoral majorities .
This reality has taken a while to sink in , and a number of parties on the left still can not bring themselves to acknowledge the constraints imposed by market forces .
Public discussion of new ways to finance retirement pension plans , or of introducing a negative income tax , sounds sweet to economists of all stripes , but it does not exactly mobilize public opinion .
The choice of a candidate for the next elections is about this strategic choice , not personalities .
No , or at least not quite .
The fundamental feature that must distinguish the left and the right is not their respective views on the economy , but rather their stances regarding redistribution .
When monetary policy could not do much more , the Bush administration took up the charge -- and with relish .
The budget for the Euro area has gone from a surplus of 0.1 % in 2000 to a forecast deficit of 2.4 % for 2003 , nearly all of it due to the weak economy , not to changes in fiscal policy .
America and Europe are not only following divergent economic policies , but their currencies are also diverging because the world is going through a major exchange-rate realignment .
The depreciation is the price America must pay for past sins -- i.e. , a huge current account deficit that foreign investors are no longer willing to finance , at least not at the size of 4 % or more of US GDP .
It also means a bit more inflation , but in today 's world , a bit more inflation is good , not bad .
Europe does not want to find itself in this position .
But this does not translate into recovery in Europe .
This is not preordained ; many fundamentals in Europe are right , and a simple change in mood may spur recovery .
Sadly , I do not see them being prepared .
An astute politician , Park did not hesitate to campaign wholeheartedly for Lee the last time around -- a move that , as part of long-term political strategy , made perfect sense .
If she wins , it will be the result of her seriousness and tenacity , not her political heritage .
And , as an icon of the right , she is well aware that she can not afford to betray her status .
Indeed , she looks more like a Korean Margaret Thatcher -- a lady not for turning , in Thatcher 's famous phrase , and with clearly thought-through political principles animating her actions .
Given that international capital flows had restarted , they did not fear immediate external constraints .
Their greater currency flexibility , however , did not prevent the recessionary impact of the Asian and Russian crises of 1997-98 , and Colombia did experience a financial crisis in 1999 .
But flexibility is not a synonym for `` pure '' floating .
BUENOS AIRES -- Today 's global currency war resembles real war in two important respects : a face-off over the structural imbalances between two large opponents -- China and the United States -- has forced uncomfortable smaller allies to take one side or the other , and third parties that may not be directly engaged are suffering collateral damage from both sides of the dispute .
But this is not the only consequence of financial Dutch Disease .
While Chile has not yet intervened in the foreign-exchange market , Colombia and Peru have increased their international reserves massively .
Second , although countries have laid the groundwork for sustainable growth in a number of areas , the reform agenda remains vast , and most countries are not yet able to avoid the boom-and-bust cycles that have long plagued them .
Without it , the region will not be able to overcome its low levels of productivity and competitiveness .
Rapidly expanding demand for skilled workers can not be satisfied as long as average schooling still totals eight years .
But falling share prices should not blind us to the fact that on top of the ongoing information revolution , three fresh waves of revolutionary technology are poised to hit : bio-technology -LRB- including new medical technologies and genetic engineering , such as the creation of human embryos through cloning -RRB- , nanotechnology , and robotics .
But the revolution is not only for the elite ; it also offers a realistic -LRB- non-utopian -RRB- promise of dramatically improved lives for many people around the entire globe - not in 100 years , but in the foreseeable future .
We are not just witnessing a simple adaptation of social structures and ways of living to suit new technologies .
To defend post-utopian values in the longer-term , politicians -LRB- and generals and spymasters -RRB- can not seek security by drastically curtailing fundamental freedoms , because to do so risks forfeiting public support and a weakening of the pillars of the post-utopian market order .
But even this may not be enough to cover the cost .
Surveys reveal that most European citizens are not fully aware of the extent of intergenerational redistribution .
This raises concerns among public opinion that migrants rejected by some countries could flood those that do not impose tighter restrictions .
But tight national restrictions do not seem to prevent migration ; they only alter the geographical orientation of flows and fuel increases in illegal immigration , thereby inflating the size of the informal economy .
But national governments remain reluctant to delegate authority : in November 2004 , the European Council accepted qualified majority voting on measures concerning illegal migration , but left restrictions on legal migration subject to unanimity rules , as if legal and illegal migration were not merely two sides of the same coin .
The Green Paper will not make EU leaders change their minds .
It does not stress the obvious advantages of having the EU as a unique player in enforcing border controls , signing cooperation agreements with migrants ' countries of origin , and encouraging the type of flows that are best suited for Europe .
Even if the Paper 's suggestion were plausible , which it is not , it begs a larger question : should we prevent migrants from taking entrepreneurial risks ?
Saving Europe 's Lost Generation of Workers MILAN -- More and more European young people are beginning to think just like Paul Nizan 's character Antoine Bloyé , who said , `` When I was twenty , I would not call that the best time in my life . '' The global financial crisis has hit them hard .
Temporary workers also do not have access to bank loans and mortgages in many countries .
This strategy will pay off only if a sustained economic recovery does not require a significant reallocation of labor .
Aging countries seeking to recover the ground lost in the current recession quickly can not afford to lose entire generations .
They need to define as soon as possible a labor-market entry strategy that encourages employers not only to hire young workers , but also to train them .
That requires contracts that do not come with a fixed expiry date .
Short-term contracts become a self-fulfilling prophecy , insofar as training is not provided on the job , and hence such workers are less productive and more vulnerable to shocks .
This would not discourage new hires under open-ended contracts , as employers would continue to benefit from substantial flexibility at the start of a worker 's employment , when the quality of new hires is being assessed .
They are misleading and dangerous , not only because the crisis in the labor market is not yet over , but also because they contribute to complacency , thereby reducing pressure for reform .
Moreover , the targets mostly involved policies that do not require any supra-national coordination , such as labor policies , childcare , and pensions .
Here , there is a strong case for having EU-wide targets rather than simply national objectives and sanctions for countries that do not liberalize their markets .
In this context , there are clear spillovers across jurisdictions , not least because talents go where there is a critical mass of job opportunities for them .
If Europe were to take such steps , it would look not only like the land of redistribution , but also like a place where the environment is taken care of , energy distribution is efficient , and talent is highly rewarded .
One can not rule a country with so scant a majority .
The one important decision that this , Berlusconi 's fourth government , ever bothered to take was a decision not to decide .
As is also revealed by the term structure of credit-default swaps for Italian debt , investors are not worried about , say , the 2011 budget law .
One reason is that the level of Italian debt did not leave much room for countercyclical fiscal policy .
A possible explanation for the government 's inaction over the past two and half years is that the measures agreed upon within the coalition that won the 2008 elections were not tailored to a country entering a major recession .
This tax has not yet been restored , but the government is planning to introduce a number of new levies on housing , which would ultimately restore the lost revenues .
Second , experiences that bring lasting pleasure or unhappiness do not always command a high priority in government circles .
It is no surprise that the US has not won their support .
It is not just America 's presence that is lacking . The Pakistani government provides little to no services in this area .
Of course not .
Its impact on national and international public opinion is broad , but not deep .
As a Frenchman , I can not wait for the next World Cup match between France and Germany .
But I want France to avenge its defeat at the last World Cup in Seville , not its defeat at Verdun .
Indeed , Zidane 's status as an emblematic champion of the world 's most universal and popular sport does not fully explain why people have been so obsessed with him .
Here is a man who was not only a world champion , but also a model son and father .
For this , Zidane was not only admired , but also respected .
Zidane was not Superman , but a human being .
Royal 's chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters , and her lack of direct association with the party 's leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes .
But , while other politicians do not regard these matters as politically important , they mean a lot to most ordinary citizens .
Her motto , `` My program is yours , '' could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite .
But the game is not over .
Some Socialists fear that , once nominated , she would not be able to confront Sarkozy in direct debates .
According to the polls , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , not François Mitterrand , should have been elected in 1981 .
In 1988 , just months before the election , Raymond Barre -LRB- a former Prime Minister -RRB- was the arch-favorite , but did not even qualify for the second-round run-off .
A few weeks before the election in 1995 , Jacques Chirac looked so weak that a journalist bluntly asked him on live TV whether it would not be better for him to give up .
But we have a wish for the Middle East -- one that , while perhaps not bringing peace , can create one of peace 's preconditions : goodwill .
Although football can not solve the region 's major strategic problems , it has much to contribute in this regard .
Since he took office in 2001 , President George W. Bush has increased America 's regular military budget by 30 % , again not taking into account the cost of the wars he launched .
The US economy is probably in recession , clouds are gathering over its pension and health-care systems , and its military budget may not make sense even in strategic terms .
But fulfilling the ostensible rationale for this seemingly interminable spending orgy -- success in the so-called `` war on terror '' -- does not seem anywhere within reach .
After all , the dangers that America faces today do not come from nation states , but from non-states actors against whom nuclear weapons and aircraft carriers are useless .
Wariness of America was , to be sure , not just a leftist pose ; many Gaullists over the decades have been tinged with anti-Americanism , too .
But , although Sarkozy may not have sold his party on the merits of George Bush 's America , he has softened its once habitual suspicions about the US .
As a result , a left-right divide has opened in this central area of French diplomacy -- a division that has not been seen in France for four decades .
The French left , not surprisingly , rejects Sarkozy 's Atlanticist impulses and frequently charge him with betraying General de Gaulle 's legacy .
Sarkozy has now broken with this so-called `` Gaullist - Mitterrandist '' orientation , which was based on the persistence of a belief in French `` exceptionalism '' in the field of foreign affairs . This does not mean that Sarkozy 's France will toe the American line on all international issues .
Over the last 80 years , women in democratic societies have struggled to be recognized and treated as citizens endowed with equal rights . The right to own property , vote , work , divorce , the right to choose whether or not to have children have been secured only through political struggle .
The fight against female genital mutilation is not a replay of the West 's ` battle of the sexes ' circa the 1960s ; rather , it is a struggle against the fear of unknown enemies ; against fear of change and the opportunities and contexts that arrive in the wake of change .
So the issue is not good words and public promises , it is one of securing the political will necessary to stamp out the practice .
Should we impose sanctions on countries that do not make the practice unlawful ?
In doing so , we must be aware that the solution to genital mutilation of women can not be limited to this issue alone .
Here is the challenge that confronts those who live in countries where female genital mutilation is not routinely practiced but who care about the fate of women around the world .
Their courage , expertise , dedication and resolve is encouraging , but we must not leave them to fight their fight alone .
Across the world , narcotics trafficking is on the increase , not only because new markets are coming online , but also because new countries have taken up production .
Harsh new domestic laws in many countries have not only failed to control the spread of drugs throughout the world , but have delivered a vast new source of state intrusiveness into the lives of millions of people .
Prohibition created a pretext for authoritarian regimes to resist the abolition of death penalty ; yet even states that execute people for drug-related crimes have not been able to stem the tide .
The answer to all these questions , of course , is : `` No , we can not . ''
Sadly , however , the reality of its failure to come anywhere close to achieving its stated goals has not dented the minds of national governments : not one state has voiced its opposition to current strategies .
In this context , the veto power conferred on the victors of World War Two was not concerned with `` internal '' conflicts among the member states ; it extended only to threats to peace from countries outside the UN consensus .
We must modify not only the working mechanisms of the UN , but also its composition .
The standard for admission should not be a country 's mere existence , but its fulfillment of certain criteria of democratic governance .
It is , of course , certain that Saddam Hussein will not escape trial for the extra-judicial , extra-legal and summary executions , torture , and systematic persecution of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis that marked his decades of murderous misrule .
However , the aim of his trial should be not only to bring to justice the dictator and his accomplices , but also to foster national reconciliation through the affirmation by Iraqis of universal principles such as non-discrimination , fairness , and transparency .
Over the last ten years , the international community has established special or ad hoc tribunals , with international participation in those situations where local institutions could not ensure due process of law or fair trials .
It could also facilitate the process of internationalizing the burden of rebuilding Iraq , which can not be shouldered entirely by the US and its allies .
The preconditions for the enjoyment of civil and political rights can not be built overnight .
So this is not the issue .
But , as the UN declaration -- and the long debate surrounding its adoption -- illustrate , scientific arguments are not at the center of national and international debates , which revolve around questions concerning the beginning of `` human life . ''
Revealingly , the Vatican , knowing that it can not win , is currently campaigning strongly for mass abstention .
We need mechanisms to address violations of moral or religious beliefs , but we can not place restrictions on individuals ' ability to contribute to the public welfare .
The text introduced by the European Liberal Democrats , with the support of virtually all political groups in the European Parliament , is revolutionary , not only because it goes against conventional thinking , but also because it raises the issue above the stagnant reality of the `` war on drugs . ''
But eradication and alternative livelihood projects mainly affect the lowest end of the value-added chain , the farmers , with no real impact on those higher up , such as large landowners and local traffickers , not to mention the extremely powerful drug lords and the international cartels and mafias .
As New York University 's Barnett Rubin , an expert on Afghan society , has put it : `` Afghanistan can not be stabilized while the most dynamic sector of its economy is illegal , nor if more than half of its economy is destroyed . ''
Governments , international organizations and individuals that participate in the London conference must not dismiss the call made by the European Parliament , for it offers a far more workable strategy to promote Afghanistan 's future than the current counter-narcotics policies permit .
Experience teaches us to be prudent . I have not opened my bottle of spumante yet .
To be honest , I am not sure that all of the world 's governments have accepted the inevitable , or that even the most inflexible will now agree to the moratorium .
We are all aware that even if the vote succeeds , the UN resolution will not be binding , and that establishing and enforcing a moratorium is only a necessary mid-way step toward full abolition .
If Italy and the EU had not understood the need to work with non-European countries , and make them feel that they were responsible and fully-fledged protagonists , the efforts to establish the ICC and be so close to declare a universal moratorium on the death penalty would have failed .
I know that this is not exactly a new lesson , but it is what I have in mind when I think of efficient multilateralism . Not only does it work , but , above all , in some cases , it is the only way of moving forward .
All this is a success , not only for anti-death penalty radicals , for the `` Hands off Cain '' association , the Italian government , and for the European Union and its friends in the world .
The huge crisis now hitting the eurozone and the European Union must not be wasted .
But several eurozone members did not keep their word , and the crisis engulfing their sovereign debt now endangers the survival of the eurozone as a whole .
As coordination among sovereign states has plainly not worked , only two possibilities are left .
One option is that eurozone members remain sovereign and claim back their monetary powers , which implies not only the death of the euro , but also a threat to the internal market and to the EU 's very existence .
The other option is to cede more sovereignty to the EU , which implies not only the survival of the euro , but also , and perhaps more importantly , the birth of Europe 's political union .
These resources , ¤ 600-700 billion , would replace and not add to national budgets , since they would accompany the transfer of some governmental functions .
We agree that moving resources from one place to another can not be the raison d'être of a political entity .
New York 's government and people do not protest because Mississippi receives far more from the federal budget , relative to what it contributes , than New Yorkers do .
Despite today 's problems , the eurozone is not only richer , but also economically sounder , than most other countries and regions .
The words e pluribus unum need not be included on euro notes and coins to recognize that the principle for which they stand -- the political unification of Europe , no less than that of the US -- is indispensable to the euro 's survival .
Not only are Canada and Mexico the US 's first and second largest trading partners , but the three countries maintain a myriad of relationships -- in business , tourism , and culture -- that do not pass through their embassies or governments .
We have failed to understand that a North American Free Trade Area -LRB- NAFTA -RRB- that achieves its full potential can not be accomplished on the cheap .
Without Mexican manpower , much of the work in the US simply would not get done .
The issue must be addressed , not ignored and criminalized .
Although income inequality has not varied substantially in Chávez 's time , Venezuela is one of the six countries in Latin America , along with Chile , Uruguay , Mexico , Costa Rica , and Argentina , with the greatest availability and widest distribution of basic services such as education and housing .
Bolivia , too , has not improved socioeconomically with the left in power : it remains among the worst performers with respect to human development -LRB- ranked 104th out of 174 countries , according to the United Nations Development Program -RRB- .
Indicators of equality have not improved substantially , either .
I suspect that the indicators in Colombia , Mexico , Peru , or Chile will not be any more hopeful , and that their governments ` promises , too , have not been kept .
Why do n't all nations join currency areas , or why not create a single global currency , as Nobel laureate Robert Mundell suggests ?
These are not rare occurrences .
If the economy declines again -- a highly plausible prospect -- we would have a triple dip , although perhaps not an outright second recession .
That can not happen with a common currency , and economic adjustment is doubly difficult when labor is not mobile enough to help mitigate regional contractions in income and unemployment .
But one 's state was not a fully formed nation , with its own shared and deeply ingrained history , culture , ethnic identity , and religion .
For eurozone citizens who do not speak a major language , especially English , mobility across national borders within the single-currency area is limited at best .
But competition over taxes and services is beneficial , not harmful .
The future of the eurozone may be cloudy , but it will not be dull .
Silicon Valley CEOs say they will not expand in California because of high taxes and burdensome regulation , which make the state uncompetitive .
A healthy democracy can not have half the population paying taxes and the other half collecting benefits .
The potential significance of these elections must be understood in the context not only of the recession and financial crisis , and the government interventions designed to deal with them , but also in the broader sweep of the historical evolution of these countries ' welfare states .
Of course , correlation does not prove causation ; there are myriad other factors that affect economic performance besides the size , composition , and nature of welfare-state spending -LRB- and clearly related taxes and debt -RRB- .
The relative histories have followed a similar trend -LRB- again , other factors are involved , not just taxes and spending -RRB- .
And the large fiscal adjustment necessary for Greece , Ireland , and Portugal , if not Italy and Spain , will be economically and socially disruptive .
The US Resolution Trust Corporation rapidly shut down 1,000 insolvent banks and Savings and Loans from 1989 to 1995 so that they would not damage healthy institutions .
Analogous guarantees and bank bailouts have occurred in the other major economies -LRB- the ECB does not play this role for Europe ; national governments do -RRB- .
As for fiscal measures , the empirical evidence suggests that three-quarters of consumption is based on longer-term economic prospects , not short-run disposable income .
Thus , temporary tax rebates are mostly saved , not spent .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's decision to put the unions ahead of secured debt-holders in the orchestrated Chrysler bankruptcy risks rupturing the basic fabric of credit markets . But Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's much-ridiculed bank `` stress tests '' made sense -LRB- although one can argue that sufficiently dire scenarios were not included or that too much was negotiated with the banks , etc. -RRB- .
If not , more draconian solutions will be necessary .
But the Fed 's low-interest , non-recourse loans to buy up toxic assets have not yet caused a stampede of participants .
But , while he has continued his softer tone since the election , he has not even bothered to ask for fast-track trade-promotion authority , let alone try to pump new life into the Doha Round of global trade talks .
Banks and other financial firms borrow short -- increasingly in recent years from the commercial securities market , not deposits -- and lend long at higher interest rates , taking on both credit risk -LRB- of default -RRB- and interest-rate risk .
Or are the losses so large -- and in danger of mounting further as others -LRB- such as commercial real estate -RRB- are added -- that a gradual workout is unlikely , if not impossible ?
Deficits are problematic if they finance consumption , not productive public investment on infrastructure .
The crisis funding of the modest delayed infrastructure component of most stimulus programs suggests that much of it would not pass a rigorous cost-benefit test .
Some US federal agencies are trying to spend ten times their previous budgets -- not a recipe for efficiency or speed .
For basic scientific research , the potential return will be broadly available to any and all , whether or not they paid for it and bore the risk of failure .
When I chaired the Council of Economic Advisers for President George H.W. Bush , we doubled the budget of the National Science Foundation . Governments , however , risk crowding out private R&D , the returns from which could be fully appropriated by firms , not only through their own use , but by patenting and licensing the technology to other firms .
Governments should not be in the game of using subsidies , taxes , regulation , mandates , loans , and investments to pick particular winners .
But no policy makes sense if it can not be sustained without long-term government support .
Some of these formulae allow sub-national governments wide discretion ; others do not .
A key question is whether central governments ' power worldwide will expand permanently -- over not only the private economy , but also over sub-national governments .
The US Constitution knitted together the thirteen original colonies , and its Tenth Amendment reserves to the states all powers not expressly delegated to the federal government .
But the problems are not limited to Greece -- or even to the other countries on the eurozone 's periphery .
If Greece paid no interest on its debt and regained full employment , its fiscal deficit would still be an astounding 6 % of GDP , but the corresponding figures elsewhere are similar , if not worse : 8 % for Ireland , 5.6 % for Spain , 6.8 % for Great Britain , and 7.5 % for the United States .
What is needed are constraints on fiscal policy by each country , not a supranational fiscal authority .
The fundamental lessons of the Greek debt fiasco are not new : 1 -RRB- elected officials systematically ignore long-run costs to achieve short-run benefits ; 2 -RRB- they wait to act until they are forced ; 3 -RRB- government policies can not circumvent the laws of economics ; 4 -RRB- governments can not revoke the laws of arithmetic ; and 5 -RRB- budget policy is not merely accounting .
Moreover , the problem is not just one of public debt .
And the higher-tax economies did not even have smaller budget deficits than the lower-tax US ; rather , higher taxes merely enabled higher spending .
Citizens and local politicians will not outsource their policies to neighbors or international organizations unless forced to do so by strict bond covenants .
Restrictions on budget deficits are a start , but are not sufficient .
Future legislatures can not be completely bound by such rules unless they are embedded in constitutions .
The problem is not that governments lack resources to spend , but that higher government spending , taxes , and debt are eroding economic growth and future living standards .
Such a future seems to be on the horizon not only in Europe , but everywhere , unless governments rein in their spending .
And what about people whose reason for wanting to die is not related to their medical condition at all ?
There is also another central question that has not yet been granted the attention it merits : who should actually take responsibility for the assistance ?
In such a medicalized framework it is morally and legally almost irrelevant who finally administers the lethal drug : if physicians are closely involved , there is no reason why they should not administer the lethal drug themselves .
Physicians are not required to be present at the suicide , and they are not allowed to administer the lethal drug .
Interestingly , research on the rationales of people who have legally hastened their death under the Oregon Death with Dignity Act reveals that the fear of pain and other distressing symptoms was not a major concern in most cases .
Instead , issues of personal independence , retaining control and not becoming a burden to family , friends , or caregivers turned out to be the main reasons .
Given that this framework extends far beyond any medical expertise , it is not surprising that no medical association anywhere in the world has so far embraced the Dutch regulation .
Whilst the Dutch Medical Association does not oppose the profession 's role in the practice of euthanasia , current evidence suggests a continuing unwillingness on the part of Dutch doctors to report cases of assistance in dying to the authorities , and a return to practices that are closer to a medical context , such as terminal sedation .
But Europe 's opinion of its integrity is not always shared .
That should not surprise us .
Countries can not expect economic and other benefits from the Union unless they meet its political standards .
If Europe is not prepared to take up arms when it must , then its appeals for fair play will sound to the rest of the world like mere posturing .
These are daunting tasks , and China can not address them alone .
The same report warns that , if we do not change our ways , worldwide CO2 emissions will rise exponentially .
Beyond economics , China must reassure others that its awakening will not make the world tremble .
Most Europeans believe that China wants to be a shaper of -- not a challenger to -- a balanced world order , a strong United Nations , and an effective multilateral system .
This is not just about Iran , but also about the threat of a nuclear arms race across the entire Middle East .
We are bad listeners and air our views whether or not we have thought deeply about them .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Theo van Gogh , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not . ''
He is not so much a product of zealous imams from rural Morocco as of the West 's information society .
Indeed , what is most ominous is that extremists realize this more clearly than the moderate , silent majority , who find the noise irritating but do not know how to start a serious dialogue .
We do not live together , but in isolation from each other .
The Turkish-Dutch headmaster of the Muslim school in Uden that was burned down after van Gogh 's murder voiced the inhibitions we all feel when he asked , rhetorically , `` Is the enemy not within us ? ''
A revived permissive society is not the answer .
The state must battle terrorism , public space must not be abandoned to extremists , and Islam in Europe must adapt to Europe .
People who live in a society they hate , amidst people they despise , can not contribute to a shared future .
This mission must also reflect a new politics that does not accentuate differences , but helps shape a new sense of who `` we '' are .
The Netherlands need not be the focus of international religious conflict .
Children must learn that they do not live in a monoculture , but in a pluralist society bound together by universal values and common laws .
Restoring the past is not an option .
This is not just a matter for politicians .
Today 's laws , however , allow only universities and industry , which supply basic knowledge and technology , to profit from their contributions ; patients , who supply tissue , may not be compensated .
European law solemnly declares that the human body and its parts shall not give rise to financial gain , for reasons of human dignity .
This model seems fair enough : if people can exploit such natural endowments as their beauty or scientific genius , then why not their tissue ?
In addition , the model bears an arbitrary element , as the sharing of benefits is not subject to control by the donors of tissue , much less to democratic control , and may prove self-serving for universities and industry .
This would be fair , as it would ensure collective compensation for the use of tissue in general , rather than for individual tissue donors , and it would be wise in that it would not block scientific and technological progress .
Moreover , unlike direct compensation schemes , a tissue tax does not exert undue influence on individuals or groups to donate tissue .
Article 11 of the new constitution declares that `` All that is not written in the exclusive powers of the federal authorities is in the authority of the regions . ''
Similarly , under current law , soldiers will answer not to Baghdad but to regional powerbrokers , while the Iraqi constitution guarantees local governments the right to pocket the revenue that flows from new oil fields within their jurisdiction .
Indeed , with Shiite-Sunni violence already intensifying , the Iraqi government may not be able to maintain even the appearance of effectiveness for very long .
More worryingly , when Shia , Sunnis , and\/or Kurds decide that their elected officials are not delivering the promised perks and protections , they are likely to look beyond politics to advance their individual interests .
But , while both of these positive trends are likely to continue , a third positive factor may not prove as durable .
Solid economic expansion and one of the world 's fastest-growing stock markets have not helped the country avert a deepening political crisis and mounting ethnic violence since disputed presidential election results in December .
But it will not necessarily take a drought , a coup , a war , or a genocide to make them think twice .
A battle between the president and legislature over control of federal spending has not been fully resolved .
A favorite of the West , Soludo may not survive the year .
An ambitious goal , which may or may not be achieved .
But China 's aspirations also underscore a worrisome and increasingly pervasive new reality : political officials are making decisions normally left to markets on a scale not seen in decades .
The bottom line : to find out how , when , and where assets will be allocated and wealth generated in dozens of countries across the developed and developing worlds these days , we must now look toward political , not financial , capitals .
To get the G-8 to agree on priorities is a complicated enough ; building consensus within the G-20 is exponentially more difficult , not simply because of the larger number of players involved , but because many of them do n't agree on the most basic rules of the global economic game .
Topolanek was n't at the G-20 ; his country is not a member .
But neither president can guarantee that recrimination and reproach will not take on a life of its own .
This is Europe 's new reality , not a momentary lapse in good order .
The convergence of sovereign debt yields implied and required by the establishment of the common currency need not return .
Finally , remarkable and lasting policy shifts will not be limited to countries in immediate financial trouble .
Given internal conflict over taxes and spending , maybe Germany , not Greece , will become the euro zone 's first country to see a government fall .
NEW YORK -- After watching the collapse of Lebanon 's government last week , it is hard not to think about efforts to build a stable Iraq .
Both are volatile democracies where any political question can provoke not just intense debate , but also the threat of violence .
Though Lebanon has not conducted a reliable census in decades , its population is thought to be about 30 % Sunni Muslim , 30 % Shia Muslim , and 30 % Christian , with Druze and others accounting for the rest .
Iraqiya won the largest share of seats in the March 2010 parliamentary elections , yet its leader , former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi , will not return to his old job .
Unlike Cold War-era East Germans , Czechs , and Poles , protesters in today 's Middle East are not unified by opposition to foreign control .
As in the Middle East , each of these upheavals reflected the willingness of many people to risk their lives and livelihoods to topple a corrupt government that could or would not generate opportunity and prosperity for them .
Protests in Morocco have not cut into King Mohammad 's broad popular support , and promises of economic and political reform will probably satisfy opposition parties for the time being .
At stake is the cohesion of a state that many argue is yet another example of an artificial nation cobbled together by Europeans who did not understand their creation 's social , tribal , and religious forces .
Indeed , even southern governors who are not reliable Obasanjo allies appear determined to maintain their influence within the central government by ensuring that the country 's next president is a southerner .
The deal did not last long .
A splinter group , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , has claimed credit for several recent attacks and kidnappings of foreign workers , and says it will not retreat until Delta states gain control of the revenue produced by locally extracted oil .
The peso has barely budged since the election -- a clear indication that investors have not lost faith in the country .
The point is not that public confidence -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- in an election outcome does n't matter .
This suggests that governing principles and sturdy political institutions , not powerful individuals , have become the bedrock of Mexican governance .
Many who supported Lopez Obrador 's candidacy do not support the post-election protests in his name .
Many in the media may not comprehend that yet . But markets do .
Defusing Iran 's Oil Weapon Like North Korea , the Iranian government will not shy from a showdown over its nuclear program . Why should it ?
It is not an accident that virtually every public move Iran 's government has made in the international arena over the past year has added risk to energy markets .
If the US does not provide him with threats that help rally domestic support , his failure to revitalize Iran 's economy will erode his standing at home .
Easing tensions will not win Bush points with those who prefer a muscular strategy .
A temporary 16 % boost in troops simply is not enough to get that job done .
First and foremost , targeted sanctions did not , in fact , really work with North Korea .
The freeze on $ 25 million of the leadership 's assets held at Banco Delta Asia in Macau has certainly irritated the North Koreans . But the asset freeze did not prevent Kim Jong-Il from ordering a ballistic missile test last July or an underground nuclear test in October .
Sanctions have rattled the North Korean leadership , but not nearly enough to compel them to surrender fully the nuclear program , which is their ultimate guarantee of security .
Israel does not want to take on Iran without US support and will maintain pressure on both Congress and the president to threaten Iran with every means at its disposal .
They allow the White House to argue that it means to undermine Iran 's leadership , not its people .
To preserve the appearance that their meddling is benign , senior military officers probably know that they can not afford to install another general as president .
But it would also likely ensure that a Musharraf-Bhutto deal does not fully close a tumultuous chapter in Pakistan 's history .
That 's hardball politics , not a declaration of war .
For example , Mendel could not say that there was a gene for tallness in a plant species until he discovered dwarf mutants of the same species .
The plan was not to trace genes directly to behavior , but to separate the problem into two questions : a developmental question -LRB- `` how do genes build nervous systems ? '' -RRB- , and a physiological question -LRB- `` how do nervous systems or brains generate behavior ? '' -RRB- .
The basic functional units of all complex living organisms , it should be remembered , are cells , not genes .
This brings us to the need to reflect on human beings -- not just the human genome -- as subjects for biological research .
Europe can not afford a dogfight between these two founding member states , so it 's high time to put emotions aside and review their differences on the future course of European integration .
This may have satisfied nationalist feelings in the Netherlands , as the country is 1.5 times the size of Belgium , but it did not go down well in Belgium .
The Netherlands ' current reserved stance on further political integration is not in its broader interest .
In Colombia , seven new joint military installations are planned , and support for US private contractors who have cornered the market in crop fumigation presumably will not be interrupted .
The emergence of Latin America 's powerful drug mafias can not be traced to the radical evil of certain individuals .
Even European governments , which are not tied by the EU ETS ban , purchase very few .
Preserving the European bias against credits from forest projects is not justified , as positive experience emerging from the first land-use projects will show .
So why not liberalize the carbon market as well -- a move that would help , not hurt , domestic producers ?
The responsibility for reforming the emerging carbon market does not lie solely with the North .
But Senegal 's highest court later ruled that Habré could not be tried for crimes allegedly committed in Chad because Senegal did not have a long-arm law like Belgium 's .
In February , after the Democratic Republic of Congo challenged an arrest warrant against its foreign minister , the International Court of Justice said Belgium had gone too far by not respecting the immunity of sitting office holders .
Any return of the Golan Heights to Syria would result in an `` Iranian foothold '' on Israel 's border and would thus not only be politically naïve but irrational .
Mofaz 's statement is symptomatic of a perception that is now deeply entrenched , not only in the Middle East , but in the United States as well . That notion is of a hegemonic Iran that is attempting to dominate the region through an array of Shiite proxies .
But contrary to common perception , Iraqi Shiites do not form a homogenous block that opposes the supposedly unified Sunnis .
Instead , what we are witnessing in Iraq today is not ever increasing friction between religious communities but escalating internal power struggles within the Sunni and Shiite communities .
Contrary to the blame games being played out in the US , Iran can not be accused of an unrestrained aggressive stance toward Iraq .
Memories of Iraq 's eight year war of aggression against Iran in the 1980 's have not faded .
But they have not gone unnoticed among ordinary Arabs .
Europe , America , and the wider world must not stand idle if Ukraine 's rulers and oligarchs try to steal this election by any means at their disposal .
But President Bush can not promote democracy in Iraq by cynically sacrificing it in Ukraine .
But it must be made clear that regardless of Ukraine 's geopolitical importance , the West will not shy away from confronting it when democracy and fundamental human rights are threatened .
Throttling Ukraine 's economy and political system need not have been Yushchenko 's legacy . After he came to power in 2005 on a huge wave of popular support , he started off well .
Reconciling Hamas and Fatah GAZA\/JERUSALEM -- As representatives of Hamas and Fatah meet for the fourth round of national unity talks in Cairo , not only Palestinians but also Americans and Europeans will be watching closely .
The continuing internal schism between the more moderate and secular Fatah and the Islamist Hamas has not only left the Palestinian leadership in disarray , but has also made meaningful peace negotiations with Israel next to impossible .
Contrary to common perception , the PLO has always been the only official negotiating partner with Israel and does not include Hamas .
This is not merely an internal Palestinian affair , for it reflects a conflict raging across the entire Middle East .
But a modified and more pragmatic stance that focuses on Hamas 's behavior on the ground , rather than on abstract conditions , would not only be demanding for Western decision makers ; it would pose a major political challenge for Hamas as well .
In Jerusalem , Minister of Defense Ehud Barak has repeatedly warned of a `` diplomatic tsunami '' and a new wave of violence if the Palestinians do not change course .
Of course , there are serious budgetary problems . Paying bills is difficult , not only because Israel is slow in transferring customs revenues , but also because promised aid from Arab countries often never arrives .
Such an approach would need to define the UN vote not as an alternative to a negotiated solution , but as an important step towards a viable bilateral peace process .
Focusing on the looming September showdown should not prevent decision makers from looking ahead .
Nevertheless , it was not until Ronald Reagan forged an alliance between conservatism 's two traditionally warring factions that the political foundations of neo-conservatism 's triumph were secured .
However , its members do not necessarily oppose social legislation that benefits working people -- especially when white workers are privileged -- and some even retain a positive image of the New Deal .
Neo-conservatism thus can not be reduced to advocacy of the free market or right-wing populism , since its ideological specificity consists in the fusion of these contradictory outlooks .
It was clear to many that Islamic fundamentalism was not comparable to communism , and , particularly in Iraq , military leaders saw the dangers in stretching American forces too thin .
But their arguments did not carry the day .
Employing a crude form of `` realism , '' which has traditionally viewed the state as the basic unit of political analysis , neo-conservatives portrayed al-Qaeda in terms of familiar enemies , namely fascism and communism , with backing from `` rogue '' states that must not be `` appeased . ''
Churchill and Roosevelt did not lie to the international community about the threat of fascism , construct an artificial `` coalition of the willing , '' or employ violence without accountability : these were the tactics of their totalitarian enemies .
That strategy 's popular appeal will not end with the Bush administration , because neo-conservatism feeds on a set of public fears that are deeply rooted in American history .
Changing that will require not merely confronting a new ideological outlook , but also deciding which policies reflect what is best about the American political tradition .
But it is not monolithic .
Today 's bio-diversity crisis is not just one of lost habitats and extinct species .
If , for example , a pathogen is transmitted by an insect that lives in the tops of trees , susceptible hosts will not be infected if they never leave the ground .
As a result , EID 's are not just possible ; they are inevitable .
We face a potential crisis , therefore , that stems from our fundamental ignorance about the biosphere , for it is impossible to be proactive about species of pathogens whose existence has not been documented .
But EID 's are not rare at all .
Egypt 's foreign minister , Ahmed Aboul Gheit , agrees -- and he is not alone .
Given their strong self-interest in thwarting Islamist revolutionary groups , especially those aligned with Iran , they are not inclined to listen to the `` Arab street '' -- which is far quieter than it was during previous conflicts , such as the 1991 war in Kuwait , the 2000-2004 Palestinian uprising , or the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah war .
Helping Hamas would empower radical Islamism and Iranian ambitions , while undercutting the PA and everyone else , not just Israel .
Israel 's Centrist Victory JERUSALEM -- Israel 's election is a victory for centrism and national consensus . Indeed , that is the key to understanding not only the vote count , but also Israeli public opinion , the next government , and its policies .
Thus , regardless of who becomes prime minister , the next government will not commit to real concessions to the Palestinians in exchange for a two-state solution unless the result will be an end to the conflict and a long , stable peace .
But , since Hamas will not simply disappear -- nor will Hezbollah -- so the key point is to defend Israel and its citizens as they pursue their normal lives .
· To preserve the best possible relations with the United States , Europe , and other countries , as long as this does not involve risks to Israel 's national interests or its citizens ;
Even so , Netanyahu will not embark on a settlement-building campaign , and Livni is not about to give away east Jerusalem .
Which path will be chosen is not clear , but it is far better that a broad coalition be responsible for making such a vital , even existential decision .
Depending on one 's definition , Abbas chose between one-third and one-half of the delegates . The majority of the Central Committee , not surprisingly , are Abbas 's close associates and supporters .
Yet , while almost all the old members of the committee were not reelected , at least 15 of the 22 members will be old-style leaders -LRB- presuming Abbas will appoint such people to the four seats that he controls -RRB- .
While some will point to Barghouti 's election as a victory for the younger generation , not one of his followers will join him .
In addition , all three of the younger men are rivals , not allies .
But , while the election did not usher in a leadership eager for peace with Israel and a Palestinian state achieved by compromise , nor was it a prelude to a renewal of violence .
Still , if Ghuneim takes over as the PA 's and Fatah 's leader , which could happen next year , a breakdown of negotiations with Israel and a new round of fighting would not be surprising .
In other words , it is a group with which Israel can work on status quo issues , though not on a comprehensive agreement .
We can not break that dependence overnight . Yet we recognize that continuing to pour trillions of dollars into carbon-based infrastructure and fossil-fuel subsidies is like investing in sub-prime real estate .
And this is the time to do it -- not in spite of the financial crisis , but because of it .
Potentially catastrophic consequences await , not just for polar bears , but for millions of people .
From investments in renewable energy and flex-fuel vehicles to reforestation , countries everywhere are realizing that green is not an option , but a necessity for recharging their economies and creating millions of jobs .
This time , unlike in 1997 , the United States did not even attempt to torpedo this embryonic `` Asian Monetary Fund . ''
As the chaos at the climate-change conference in Copenhagen last December amply demonstrated , both the number of members around the table and the differences between them -- even within the group of emerging countries -- do not bode well for the future .
In The Human Condition , the philosopher Hannah Arendt linked politics to the human capacity not simply to act , but to `` act in concert . '' While concerted action is a familiar notion , it used to be aimed mainly at influencing the state -- exemplified by the way civil society prompted America 's withdrawal from Vietnam .
Global finance has been one of the most eager beneficiaries of these trends , using Internet networks not just as a tool to conduct operations with greater efficiency and velocity , but also as a means to circumvent state supervision .
While WikiLeaks has certainly not had a similar effect , it epitomizes the extent of the individual 's empowerment in a networked world .
Of course , Clinton added , these technologies are not an unmitigated blessing , and can be misused for darker purposes .
But the desire for dignity is not enough to secure it .
We did not yet have a free state , but we already had something more important than that : a free civil society engaged in discussing the common condition of its members .
But even that was not enough to achieve the final victory over the party and police apparatus of the state .
This may not be extraordinary in old democratic communities ; but in our authoritarian environment , it was strikingly new .
But recent history has not been kind to the victors .
But I am not a nostalgic type .
I know that we have come a long way , and I do not want to go back .
No less a figure than Alexander Pushkin wrote in 1836 that `` Orthodoxy has always been persecuted by Catholic fanaticism ... Their missionaries cursed the Orthodox Church , with hypocrisy and threats tried to recruit into Catholicism not only ordinary people but Orthodox priests as well . '' Those Russians who continue to view the Catholic Church as a threat regularly quote these lines .
Pope Benedict , being from Germany , a predominantly Protestant country , does not carry the weight of this bitter history .
In his public speeches , Casper more than once suggested that the Vatican considers Christian unification its main goal , and -- most important from the Orthodox perspective -- that `` unity does not have to mean sameness . ''
Karimov , not surprisingly , dodged and weaved instead .
After two months of treatment , he could still not sit upright .
Governing , however , will not be easier than winning office .
His natural allies elsewhere on the left can not provide a majority .
Despite prudent fiscal policies and a primary surplus target -LRB- i.e. before interest payments -RRB- of 3.75 % , Brazil 's debt has continued to grow and for several months has been difficult - if not impossible - to refinance .
For once , the IMF can not be accused of inaction .
They may form the least bad option if he does not want Brazil to go the way of Argentina .
In Brazil 's case there is a further reason for avoiding default : the country 's debt is owed mainly to Brazilians so that the losers in any default would not only be foreign creditors , but Brazilian banks , insurance companies and other financial institutions , putting the entire financial system at risk of collapse .
But contagion from Argentina 's crisis has undermined MERCOSUL and Argentina 's commitment to the regional project can not be assured after next year 's presidential elections in that country .
These promises and pledges underscore Islamabad 's growing dependence on foreign assistance , which is not surprising , given that Pakistan 's tax-to-GDP ratio has declined to less than 9 % , the lowest among the 22 largest emerging economies .
According to this model , China and India , not the US , should be Pakistan 's largest trading partners .
Thus , Pakistan should not devote so much of its energy to improving its access to the US textile market , as it now does .
Another area of emphasis for donor dialogue with Pakistan is governance -- not just reducing and controlling corruption , but also bringing policymaking closer to the people .
That , of course , did not happen , and Pakistan has at last changed its mind . What that implies is that trade with India will be conducted according to the same set of regulations and tariffs that govern other countries ' trade with Pakistan .
And this was not the only crisis in which the military leadership seemed to be doing what the public thought was right .
This time , however , foreign help might not be as readily available as it was in , say , 2008 .
LAHORE -- Pakistan 's former president , Pervez Musharraf , has decided to return to Pakistani politics , if not quite to Pakistan .
Musharraf did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while he was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008 .
Although Musharraf did not elaborate on his `` mistakes , '' the reference was obvious : his impulsive decision in March 2007 to fire Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry from the Supreme Court .
While there may be some element of truth in this , Musharraf appears not to have learned the lesson of his final year in office .
If , however , it is to orchestrate a regime change -- which it might attempt to do -- it will not likely disregard these groups and their powerbases by imposing their former commander on the political system .
How they are managed in the year ahead will determine not only Pakistan 's immediate future and long-term prospects , but also the security of its region and , indeed , much of the world .
The country has not defined a coherent approach towards those who are resorting to terrorism to advance their agendas , both within Pakistan and abroad .
So all hope is not lost in Pakistan .
If that is not possible because of the presence of a large and disciplined military , the Islamists might attempt to carve out some space for themselves in which to establish a separate system of governance more fully aligned with what they view as the principles of Islam .
Moreover , several senior members of President Asif Ali Zardari 's government have concluded that the developments in Tunisia and Egypt could not be replicated in Pakistan .
There were also clear indications that the military was not inclined to venture into politics once again , as it has done many times in the past .
But Gilani was not entirely unruffled .
Gilani 's step was taken in response not only to the developments in the Middle East , but also in recognition of how little the return to democracy has done for Pakistan 's citizens .
The message is clear : democracy that does not deliver tangible benefits will not prevent Pakistan 's people from demanding radical change .
The prime minister 's statement was received with cheers , not the jeers that some of his aides had feared .
On the political side , however , the two countries were not evenly matched .
The death of Al Qaeda 's leader deep in Pakistan , in a city with a heavy military presence , appears to confirm what many have long alleged : Pakistan , not Afghanistan , has become the epicenter of international terrorism .
How will Bin Laden 's death affect terrorist groups operating not only in Pakistan , but also in other Muslim countries around the world ?
That question can not be answered without knowing definitively where Pakistan stands in regard to Islamist terrorism .
Bin Laden was killed in an operation that did not involve Pakistani forces , but that may -LRB- or may not -RRB- have involved the country 's intelligence community .
Some of these attacks targeted military installations , including the military 's headquarters in Rawalpindi , not far from Abbottabad .
There are no immediate answers to such questions -- not even in the op-ed written by President Asif Ali Zardari for The Washington Post within hours of Bin Laden 's death .
Indeed , this is not the first time that Pakistan 's relations with the US have been on a slippery slope .
This time around , the break between the US and Pakistan might not be easily repaired .
While China has not responded to these overtures with the degree of enthusiasm that accompanied them , the Chinese would be happy to fill the strategic vacuum likely to be created by America 's accelerated departure from AfPak .
A violinist was quoted as saying that `` a lot of us are ... not buying into this party line that music transcends the political . ''
But could he possibly be right ? No one , not even Maazel , pretends that one concert by a great Western orchestra can blow a dictatorship away , but authoritarians ' wariness of the subversive power of music dates back to Plato 's Republic .
In Plato 's view , music , if not strictly controlled , inflames the passions and makes people unruly .
So was a Czech rock band called the Plastic People of the Universe , who so upset the commissars that they were thrown in prison - -- not because they were engaged in political activities , but because , as their singer , Milan Hlavsa , put it , `` we just wanted to do what we liked doing . ''
Obviously , Dvorak and Wagner are not Zappa and the Stones .
And if Clapton came to Pyongyang at the government 's guest , he might not have enough `` street cred '' left to light the fuse of rebellion .
For half a century , the North Koreans have been deprived of any art , ideas , or music not authorized by the state .
It may not topple the dictatorship , but it will offer some solace to those who are forced to live in it .
Of course , comic entertainment in politics is not just a modern phenomenon .
In fact , democracy demands a degree of showmanship and pizzazz ; politicians need to appeal to the mass of voters , and not just to an elite , which can afford to ignore hoi polloi .
But electing a clown is not the answer either .
The Empire of Human Rights NEW YORK -- Why are French , British , and American warships , but not Chinese or Malaysian warships , sitting near the Burmese coast loaded with food and other necessities for the victims of Cyclone Nargis ?
Indifference to suffering is not inherent to any Asian culture .
Western peoples have not always lived up to their universalist ideals , but they have in modern times built institutions designed to implement them , in Europe and beyond .
But distrust of universalism in Asia is not confined to autocrats .
Asians , according to this theory , have their own values , which include thrift , deference to authority , the sacrifice of individual to collective interests , and the belief that countries should not stick their noses into others ' affairs . Hence , the hesitant response of Southeast Asian governments -- and public opinion -- to the Burmese disaster .
Sen , not surprisingly , is a trenchant critic of the `` Asian values '' school .
It has , nonetheless , become a commonly held opinion that democracy , like universal human rights , is a typically Western idea , and that Asian autocracy , as practiced in China , for example , is not only more suited to Asians , but also more efficient .
China has not fared too badly , largely because its government was forced by the Burmese example , bad publicity surrounding the Tibetan demonstrations , and the impending Olympic Games to allow far more freedom of information than it normally does .
In the end , of course , it does n't matter much whether or not we ascribe the failures of autocracy and non-intervention to anything specifically `` Asian . ''
For several weeks this summer , the stadiums in Austria and Switzerland , not to mention the streets of European capitals , from Madrid to Moscow , were given to an orgy of flag-waving , anthem-singing , drum-beating patriotism .
As a famous Dutch soccer coach once said , not in jest : `` Soccer is war . ''
The multi-ethnic nature of the 1998 champion was widely touted as a mark , not of a long and often bloody colonial past , but of national superiority born from the tolerance of the French Enlightenment and the fraternity of the French Revolution .
But ethnic and cultural diversity is not all that has changed the face of European football .
Yet I have to admit that I still could not suppress a tiny , keenly felt pleasure when Germany lost to Spain .
But perhaps we should all care at least a little , for what is happening in Belgium is unusual , but not at all unique .
Perhaps the citizens of Belgium do not have enough in common anymore , and Flemish and Walloons would be better off being divorced . But one hopes not .
But that was not what many people thought at the time .
Chamberlain 's belief that Britain was not yet ready for war with Nazi Germany , and that diplomacy and compromise were safer options , was in fact shared by many Europeans , who knew from personal experience the horrible consequences of war .
George Santayana famously warned that `` those who can not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . ''
During the Cold War , this was not a serious dilemma .
If not , not .
The first option may not be feasible for very much longer in the twilight days of Pax America .
Expressions of nationalism in postwar European democracies were always tolerated in soccer stadiums , not in public life .
But the new populism is not yet undemocratic , or even anti-democratic .
This is not an illegitimate motivation .
If people are anxious about their national identities , the sovereignty of their governments , the demographic and social complexion of their societies , such fears are best voiced in the political arena . As long as people express their concerns , however distasteful to liberal ears , by votes , not violence , democracy will not be seriously harmed .
Real damage is done when people lose confidence , not only in the elites , but in the system itself .
This has not yet happened in Europe , not even in Austria .
Think of Josephine Baker , who wowed Parisians and Berliners at a time when blacks could not vote -- or even use the same bathrooms as whites -- in many parts of the United States .
This did not help him much at home .
Watching the economic rise of China , Russia , and India , and the American debacles in the Middle East , it was tempting to believe that US power really did not count for very much anymore .
But I do not believe that the American dream has died in Europe quite yet .
The Strange Death of Multiculturalism An ideology which holds that people from different cultures must live in separate communities within a country , should not take an interest in each other and must not criticise each other is both wrong and unworkable .
They believed that so long as everyone abided by the law , it was not necessary for citizens to have a single hierarchy of values .
African dictators might do dreadful things but somehow they did not meet with condemnation from many European intellectuals , for criticism implied cultural arrogance .
But their turn away from multiculturalism is not what prevented the emergence of a `` Islamic '' pillar in Dutch society .
Whether Europeans like it or not , Muslims are part of Europe .
Many will not abandon their religion , so Europeans must learn to live with them and with Islam .
Even if all of Europe 's Muslims were Islamists -- which is a far cry from reality -- they could not threaten the Continent 's sovereignty and , by the same token , its laws and Enlightenment values .
The children of immigrants , born in Europe , sense they are not fully accepted in the country where they grew up , but neither do they feel a special bond with their parent 's native country .
Islamism , besides offering them an answer to the question why they do not feel happy with the way they live , gives them a sense of their self-worth and a great cause to die for .
But this does n't mean that we should not weigh our words with care .
We should distinguish carefully between different kinds of Islam , and not confuse violent revolutionary movements with mere religious orthodoxy .
The reason for defending Enlightenment values is that they are based on good ideas , and not because they are `` our culture . ''
The neo-cons will not be missed by many .
A certain degree of philistinism in politics is not a bad thing .
The ideal of pan-Asian solidarity in a common struggle for independence was not a bad one ; in fact , it was commendable .
Watered down by the compromises without which liberal democracies can not thrive , socialism did a great deal of good in Western Europe .
The neo-cons , despite their name , were not really conservatives at all .
They believed that aggressive promotion of democracy abroad was not only moral , and in the American tradition , but in the national interest as well .
But revolutionary wars are not the most effective way to do this .
China 's Best Hope 2008 will not be remembered chiefly for noble or heroic acts .
Charter 08 has not received the attention it deserves , perhaps because most people have other , more pressing concerns .
But there is also a tendency , not only in China , to dismiss such calls for democracy as irrelevant , even misguided .
The government will not even discuss the Charter 's ideas , let alone do anything to implement them .
A liberal-democratic China may not come soon , but after Charter 08 no one can deny that many Chinese desperately want it .
The Communist government managed to stay in power after Tiananmen not just through brute force .
If so , this does not bode well for the international financial system , which relies on well-informed Chinese to help it recover from the current crisis .
Such conspiracy theories are not rare in Asia .
But Southeast Asians are not immune to this kind of nonsense either .
They , too , have been persecuted for not being `` sons of the soil . ''
So when things go wrong , the Chinese are blamed , not just for being greedy capitalists , but also , again like the Jews , for being Communists , since both capitalism and communism are associated with rootlessness and cosmopolitanism .
NEW YORK -- Bishop Richard Williamson has some very peculiar , and frankly odious , views : that no Jews were murdered in gas chambers during World War II ; that the Twin Towers were brought down by American explosives , not by airplanes , on September 11 , 2001 ; and that Jews are fighting to dominate the world `` to prepare the anti-Christ 's throne in Jerusalem . ''
The bishop , then , does not strike one as an attractive man .
He should be criticized , even ridiculed , but not jailed .
Nevertheless , free speech is not absolute .
Even Wilders , with his absurd call to ban the Koran , clearly believes that there are limits -- for his opponents , of course , not for himself .
But it is not so easy to define precisely what those limits should be , for they depend on who says what to whom , and even where .
In the case of Wilders , it makes a difference that he is a politician , not just a private individual , pandering to dangerous prejudices against a vulnerable minority .
Mocking the ways and beliefs of minorities is not quite the same thing as taking on the cherished habits and views of majorities .
Let them speak , so that they can be judged , not in court , but by contrary opinions .
Banning them only allows them to pose as martyrs to free speech . And that not only makes it harder to attack their views , but also gives free speech a bad name .
Some probably are . Many are not .
It was not for nothing , however , that quite a few educated Tibetans actually welcomed the Chinese Communists in 1950 .
The Buddhist clergy was seen , not without reason , as hidebound and oppressive .
It is true that Tibetans , sparsely represented in local government , may not have benefited as much as the Han Chinese , whose presence in cities , such as Lhasa , as soldiers , traders , and prostitutes is so overwhelming that people worry about the extinction of Tibetan culture , except as an official tourist attraction .
This is one of the arguments used not only by Chinese officials , but by almost all Chinese , to justify Tibet 's absorption into greater China .
Modernization should be carried out by self-governing people , not imposed by foreign force .
If Tibetans should be allowed to break away from China , why not the Welsh from Britain , the Basques from Spain , the Kurds from Turkey , or the Kashmiris from India ?
But ethnicity as the main marker of nationality is a vague and dangerous concept , not least because it leaves all minorities out in the cold .
Not necessarily . The issue is not so much Tibetan culture , or spirituality , or even national independence , but political consent .
Culture is being sterilized , homogenized , and deprived of independence and spontaneity in all Chinese cities , not just in Tibet .
The problem , then , is not mainly one of nationality or discrimination , but of politics .
Sporadic acts of collective violence , followed by equally violent oppression , suggest that many are not .
This is true not only for Tibet , but also for the rest of China .
Many unarmed Chinese citizens were killed by People 's Liberation Army troops on June 4 , 1989 , not only in the vicinity of Tiananmen Square , but in cities all over China .
Most were not students , who started the peaceful demonstrations against corruption and autocracy , but ordinary workers , the sort of people a Communist Party ought to be standing up for .
They have just been published in English and Chinese , but can not be legally distributed in China .
Indeed , so proponents of this school often add , China was not yet ready for democracy .
And mass demonstrations certainly were not going to achieve it .
Demonstrations alone almost never topple a regime , but they can do so in combination with other political shifts , which can happen suddenly . When East Germans protested against their Communist autocrats in 1989 , they were not assured of success either .
South Korean students filling the streets of Seoul in 1986 could not have ended the authoritarian military government either .
The students on Tiananmen Square could not have known what was going on inside the closed Communist regime .
In any case , it was not the place of the students , or the workers who supported them , to back any particular faction in the government .
They were not politicians .
Some radical leftist Muslims , obsessed with their opposition to Western `` imperialism '' and Israel , saluted Mousavi 's defeat , for , as one such activist put it , `` the -LRB- anti-Zionist -RRB- resistance can not afford a pro-American velvet revolution . ''
What are opposition candidates to do when they are asked to take part in elections that they know they can not win , or that , even when they can win , will give them only minimal authority ?
If they agree , they help to legitimize a system in which they do not really believe . If they refuse , they have no influence at all .
Then , when real change does occur , no one can claim that the people `` are not ready for it . ''
Although their options were limited , many of them had enough confidence that the reformist candidate would not only get elected , but also make life a little better .
It probably did not help that the Bush administration gave up on Khatami .
But it does not mean that they were wrong , or naïve , to try .
To persist in the belief that reformists and hardliners are just masks of the same enemy , and to take pleasure in the victory of the latter , is not merely cynical , but is an added insult to a people that has already been humiliated enough .
The man , still refusing to step out , said he was a Harvard professor , showed his ID , and warned the cop not to mess with him .
What was unusual here was not the cop 's heavy-handedness .
The fact that the man was black might or might not have made the cop go for his handcuffs even sooner than he might normally have done .
That , too , would not have been unusual .
That is why he warned the cop , Sgt. James Crowley , a veteran of the Cambridge police force , not to mess with him .
From his words it appears that he was equally conscious of not getting the proper respect due to a distinguished Harvard professor and media celebrity .
A local man whose brothers all serve in the police force , a sports fan , and an amateur basketball coach , Crowley does not move in the same social circles as Gates .
As it happens , the charges were duly dropped , and there the case might have rested if President Obama , tired and frustrated after weeks of fighting for his healthcare bill , had not weighed in on behalf of his `` friend '' Gates , and called the police `` stupid . ''
The complexities of black anger , white guilt , and of black , and white fear , are so vexed that most Americans prefer not to talk about race at all .
If not Professor Gates , then who ?
Outrage about a professor who is not to be messed with is not the best way to discuss the plight of countless , poor , anonymous people , whom most of us find it too easy to ignore .
And the argument that Japanese , or other Asians , are culturally averse to political competition is not historically true .
This happened in the mid-1950 's , not for cultural , but for entirely political reasons .
Whatever he did was not enough .
The victorious DPJ may not immediately set off any political fireworks .
It shows clearly that the desire for political choice is not confined to a few fortunate countries , mostly in the Western world .
This is a vital lesson , especially at a time when China 's economic success is convincing too many leaders that citizens , especially but not only in Asia , want to be treated like children .
One may or may not agree with Kouchner 's policies , but his motives are surely impeccable .
If we were less haunted by memories of appeasing the Nazi regime , and of the ensuing genocide , people might not be as concerned about human rights as they are .
But the term `` Islamofascism '' was not coined for nothing .
And European weakness , not to mention the `` treason '' of its liberal scribes , paving the way to an Islamist conquest of Europe -LRB- `` Eurabia '' -RRB- is seen as a ghastly echo of the appeasement of the Nazi threat .
No Islamist armies are about to march into Europe -- indeed , most victims of Revolutionary Islamism live in the Middle East , not in Europe -- and Ahmadinejad , his nasty rhetoric notwithstanding , does not have a fraction of Hitler 's power .
We are not living a replay of 1938 .
Kouchner did not advocate Western intervention in Bosnia or Kosovo because of Israel .
So the good of society is not served by forcing him to return to LA for a trial .
Infernal or not , one might argue that justice is supposed to be blind , in the sense that no one -- not even the greatest filmmaker -- is above the law or entitled to escape from it .
Allowing recognized artists to get away with behavior that would not be tolerated in lesser men is a tribute France pays to superior talent .
It was not established until his third trial that he was innocent .
Polanski was not innocent , but he , too , may have fallen victim to the same combination of a judge 's desire to bring down a famous man and a sensation-starved media .
Perhaps the US is not as civilized as France , but it is more democratic .
This is not an unlikely outcome .
Alas , the world is not ideal , and Polanski might find the risk of incarceration in a US prison too high .
Twenty years on , we know this was not to be .
Neo-liberals are not so much interested in justice as in greater efficiency , more productivity , the bottom line .
Yet the rhetoric of idealism has not quite disappeared .
His efforts to provide better healthcare for Americans , for example , is not so much an innovation , as an attempt to catch up with arrangements which most Europeans and Japanese have long taken for granted .
Probably not .
To be sure , a long history of mutual Christian-Muslim hostility , and recent cases of radical Islamist violence , have made many people fearful of Islam in a way that they are not of Hinduism , say , or Buddhism .
But if the Swiss and other Europeans were self-assured about their own identities , their Muslim fellow-citizens probably would not strike such fear in their hearts .
It was not so long ago that the majority of citizens in the Western world had their own unquestioned symbols of collective faith and identity .
`` Identity '' was not yet seen as a problem .
When they try , we tend not to take any notice .
Freedom from faith and tradition has not always led to greater contentment , but , on the contrary , to widespread bewilderment , fear , and resentment .
While demonstrations of collective identity have not entirely disappeared , they are largely confined to football stadiums , where celebration -LRB- and disappointment -RRB- can quickly boil over in violence and resentment .
They are accused , not entirely without reason , of imposing mass immigration , economic crisis , and loss of national identity on ordinary citizens .
It is not surprising that anti-Muslim populism has found some of its most ferocious supporters among former leftists , for they , too , have lost their faith -- in world revolution , or whatnot .
For , contrary to what some believe , they do not strengthen democracy .
The first principle of democracy is that government must be based on popular consent , even if the government is made up of parties for which many people did not vote .
American populism is not the same as Thai populism .
At the same time , new technology , without which globalization would not be possible , is being used to mobilize people for populist causes , too .
The real problem of traditional elites may not be too much power , but too little .
The lack of trust in political elites is linked to a suspicion , which is not entirely irrational , that elected governments have little authority .
To regain respect , our elected politicians will have to show more authority , not less .
Reliance on a self-promoting tycoon like Thaksin is not the best way to boost democracy , but nor is reliance on military coups and kingly intervention .
Tennis does not create frenzy on a national scale .
Perhaps the best example of this type of sporting nationalism was not a football game , but the world ice hockey final in 1969 , when Czechoslovakia beat the Soviet Union just one year after Soviet tanks rolled into Prague .
But a common race or religion is not essential .
After World War II , for obvious reasons , the expression of nationalist emotions was virtually taboo in Europe -LRB- not least in Germany -RRB- .
And yet , since Koestler was right , these emotions could not simply be crushed . They had to find some outlet , and football provided it .
But the fact that sport can unleash primitive emotions is not a reason to condemn it .
Since such feelings can not simply be wished away , it is better to allow for their ritual expression , just as fears of death , violence , and decay find expression in religion or bull fighting .
The History Man President George W. Bush is not generally known for his firm grasp of history .
But this has not stopped him from using history to justify his policies .
Ho Chi Minh was not Saddam Hussein .
In Vietnam , the United States was not invading a country , but defending a corrupt authoritarian ally against an aggressive Communist regime .
However , what Bush did not say is that neither the mass murders in Southeast Asia , nor the potential mass murders in Iraq , would have occurred without the chaos caused by US intervention .
But South Korean democracy was not something the US gave to the Koreans , or even always encouraged .
The happy fact that Koreans , Filipinos , Thais and Taiwanese did eventually become free , or at least freer , is not so much to the credit of the US as it is to the people who fought for their freedoms themselves .
But the heroes of democracy were Asian , not American .
Bush is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but his notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken .
To confuse these different enterprises and pretend that they are the same is not only wrong , but dangerous , and deeply disappointing to those of us who still regard the US as a force for good .
TOKYO -- Revolutions , it is often claimed , do not happen when people are desperate .
Japan 's change of government in 2009 -- when the Democratic Party of Japan -LRB- DPJ -RRB- broke the almost uninterrupted monopoly on power held by the Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- since 1955 -- was not a revolution .
The DPJ not only put many new faces into power , it was going to change the nature of Japanese politics .
At last , Japan would become a fully functioning democracy , and not a de facto one-party state run by bureaucrats .
Too much dependence on American power has warped the development of Japanese democracy in ways that are not always sufficiently recognized by the US .
Japan , whose armed forces were entirely blamed for driving the country into the catastrophic Pacific War , was not even supposed to have an army or navy after the war .
In East Asia , by contrast , the Cold War is not yet entirely over .
But , while it is the only Asian democracy able to balance the power of China , the system established after WWII is not best suited to this task .
The US did not see things that way .
If the US is as serious about promoting freedom abroad as it claims , it should not be hindering one of its closest ally 's efforts to strengthen its democracy .
This tax-free jamboree of patriotism was ostensibly non-partisan -LRB- otherwise it could not have been tax-free -RRB- .
The main organizer and speaker was Glenn Beck , the right-wing populist radio and TV personality , who promised to restore not only the nation 's honor , but `` American values , '' too .
Unlike the movement 's sponsors , the crowds chanting `` USA ! USA ! '' do not appear to be motivated by economic self-interest .
But they are not expressed in the same way in every country .
After the event , Beck gave an interview , in which he criticized Obama -- not for his tax policies , but for having the wrong religious beliefs .
This is also what Palin means when she tells her Tea Party crowds that they are the `` real Americans , '' implying that all Americans who disagree with her views are not .
This is not impossible .
Since the Dalai Lama is not a Chinese citizen , I will leave out his Nobel Peace Prize , though to China 's rulers it was perhaps the most irritating of all .
As a result , the utterly powerless , hitherto quite obscure Liu Xiaobo , has become not only world famous , but much better known inside China , too .
This can not be what China wants .
A few decades ago , it was Japan that thought it was going to be Number One , and its businessmen , politicians , and bureaucrats were not shy about letting the rest of the world know .
But this may not be the best explanation for China 's behavior .
Using the People 's Liberation Army to murder civilian protesters , not only in Beijing , but all over China in June 1989 , further undermined the one-party system 's legitimacy .
It is why the government does not dare to let the renminbi appreciate too fast , lest economic growth slow , causing the Party loses face and legitimacy .
And it is why bullying Japan is always a good option : China 's rulers do not necessarily hate Japan , but they are afraid to look weak in the eyes of their citizens , who are taught from kindergarten that foreign powers want to humiliate China .
This suggests that if Liu Xiaobo and like-minded dissidents ever got their wish , and democracy came to China , the problem of Chinese nationalism would not go away .
Democracy has not tempered South Korean chauvinism much , either , since the demise of the military dictatorship in the 1980 's .
But nationalism may not be a political constant .
The state of many democracies today is not the best advertisement for political freedom .
Many people have migrated to Western European countries from North Africa and Turkey during the last half-century , not because of Western generosity , but because they were required for jobs that natives no longer wanted .
They were treated as temporary workers , however , not as immigrants .
The failure of integration of non-Western immigrants in such countries as France , Germany , or The Netherlands is often exaggerated by hysterical alarmists ; Europe , after all , is not about to be `` Islamized . ''
But , as the occasional riots in French immigrant areas show , violence is not confined to Muslims .
Unlike in Canada or the United States , economic immigrants are not allowed to become citizens in exchange for their necessary labor .
Immigrants -- not `` guest workers '' -- who come for work are more likely to want to integrate to some degree , and to be treated as fellow citizens , than people who come with the baggage of empire , or simply as refugees , or , worse , people pretending to be refugees because they have no other way to gain access to wealthy countries ' job markets .
When European politicians claim that France , Britain , or The Netherlands are not traditional `` immigrant countries '' like the US , they are right only up to a point , as the examples of Spinoza , Disraeli , and Sarkozy show .
But Europe -- and Japan , for that matter -- should start by making economic migration legitimate . This means working out what jobs need to be filled , and welcoming those who will fill them , not as guests , but as equal citizens .
The background to the evictions is not exactly straightforward .
Palestinians who might wish to make similar claims on properties in West Jerusalem can not do so .
Other Palestinian neighborhoods in Jerusalem are cut off from the rest of the city by Israel 's so-called `` security wall , '' which means that their inhabitants do not receive proper municipal services , despite being obliged to pay city taxes .
When American diplomats complained about Jewish settlers ' forcible intrusion into Palestinian neighborhoods , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu responded that Jerusalem was not a settlement , but the capital of Israel .
At least one Palestinian gentleman thought not .
Israel is not a dictatorship .
Even if most Israelis never see a roadblock , the security wall , or forcible evictions , the habit of looking away , not wishing to know , is a form of corruption .
Some of these `` friends of Israel '' represent political parties whose supporters , to put it mildly , have not traditionally been noted for their fraternal feelings towards Jews .
To be sure , nowadays even right-wing politicians in Europe are careful not to sound openly anti-Semitic .
Leftist and liberal critics of Israeli politics like to point out that anti-Zionism is not the same thing as anti-Semitism .
But it is just as true that being a friend of Israel is not necessarily the same thing as being a friend of the Jews .
Things began to change after the 1967 Six Day War , and even more after the 1973 `` Yom Kippur '' war , when it became clear that Israel was not going to let go of the Palestinian territories that it had conquered .
Contrary to what the Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago once said , the Israeli army 's attacks in Gaza are not comparable in any way to Auschwitz .
By comparing Islam in general -- not only Islamist terrorism -- to fascism , as the right-wing populists do , and to suggest that Europe faces a threat comparable to the Nazis , is not just wrong , but dangerous .
But exploiting history to justify current violence will not work forever .
Similar warnings have been repeated over and over by oppressive rulers in the Middle East , not least by Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak : either the secular police state or the Islamists ; either Mubarak or the Muslim Brotherhood .
It was also the policy of the US after Hamas won the Palestinian elections in 2006 . Hamas was not recognized .
The greater the repression that religious parties face in secular police states , the more extreme their politics are likely to become . Whatever drives the extremism of Osama bin Laden , he would not have found so many willing recruits for his acts of mass murder if the regimes in Egypt , Saudi Arabia , or Algeria had been less oppressive and corrupt .
Religious politics , or politics based on religious faith , are not invariably violent , even in the Islamic world .
They can not be , because religious authority demands obedience to divine power , which by definition is not open to rational challenge .
But this does not mean that political parties whose programs are based on religious faith can not be democratic .
Turkey 's Justice and Development Party , founded by Islamist reformers , is not undemocratic , either -LRB- the question is whether it is liberal -RRB- .
Egypt is not Iran or Algeria , so one should be careful about drawing parallels .
But the vicious civil war that followed -- and has still not entirely concluded -- caused the violent deaths of up to 200,000 people .
But perhaps not .
Actually , he has not handled them very much , at least not in public .
Unfortunately , this type of pressure could not work in China when its people demanded what other Asians had won .
If Qaddafi finally goes , it will not be because his army is dependent on the US .
Back then , they expected that the `` shock and awe '' of US force would not only topple the dictator -LRB- which turned out to be true -RRB- , but also that the US-led invasion would be greeted with enthusiasm by the liberated Iraqis , who would then herald a new democratic era in the Middle East .
Operation Iraqi Freedom , not to mention Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan , gave American efforts to promote democracy a terrible name .
People want freedom , but not when it comes from the barrel of a US gun .
But that is not to say that the US must always be passive .
In fact , it has not been .
Building institutions that guarantee not only political liberties , but also the protection of minorities , as well as other liberal conditions , is difficult enough in countries where such institutions had once existed , as in post-communist Central Europe .
It will be harder in countries where they did not , or where the economy remains largely in the hands of the armed forces .
Armed Anglo-American intervention , especially if it is not sanctioned by the United Nations , would do much to undermine liberals and democrats , who need all the credibility they can get .
NEW YORK -- Rarely -- indeed , perhaps not since World War II -- have the Japanese had such good press abroad .
Even South Korean newspapers have been full of praise for the self-discipline of ordinary Japanese in dire circumstances . And coming from Koreans , not usually Japan 's biggest fans , that is no small thing .
There has been much complaining from foreign observers , aid teams , reporters , and government spokesmen about the lack of clarity , not to mention reliability , of official Japanese statements about the various disasters following the massive earthquake that struck northeastern Japan on March 11 .
This perception is not entirely false .
This is not always properly understood .
In the case of Japan 's official response to the earthquake and tsunami-related disasters , however , cultural exoticism is not an adequate explanation .
In fact , the Japanese themselves have been as critical as any foreigner , if not more so , of their politicians ' apparent haplessness , and of TEPCO officials ' evasions and obfuscations .
Even though systems of government may have certain traditional components , Japan 's problems are systemic , not cultural .
The cozy relationships between government officials and the corporate world -- and not just in the case of TEPCO -- was reflected in the large number of retired bureaucrats who took jobs on the boards of companies that they had supposedly regulated .
It is not difficult to find examples to back up such assertions .
But watching the Burmese monks on television defy the security forces of one of the world 's most oppressive regimes , it is hard not to see some merit in religious belief .
As a non-believer , I am bound to treat such claims with skepticism . But the moral power of religious faith does not need a supernatural explanation .
Despite the horrific violence of Islamist fanatics , it should not be forgotten that the mosque can also be a legitimate basis for resistance against the mostly secular dictatorships in the Middle East today .
In a world of political oppression and moral corruption , religious values offer an alternative moral universe . This alternative is not necessarily more democratic , but it can be .
Liberals are most needed when compromises have to be made , but not nearly as useful when faced with brute force .
It is , on the whole , not beneficial to be ruled by such heroes , but it is good to have heroes around when they are needed .
NEW YORK -- Does monarchy -- constitutional monarchy , that is , not the despotic kind -- have any redeeming features left ?
Infantile or not , there is a common human craving for taking vicarious pleasure in the lives of kings , queens , and other shining stars .
Kings and queens , on the whole , have not .
Queen Victoria , mostly of German blood , did not regard herself as a monarch of Britons alone , but of Indians , Malays , and many other peoples , too .
In his prime , he not only talked and behaved like a thug , but he also looked like one -- the kind of bull-necked , pale-eyed , snarling psychopath who would gladly pull out your fingernails just for fun .
The Holocaust was not the main issue at stake in the Nuremberg Trials . Nevertheless , the allies thought that the Nazi project of exterminating an entire people called for an entirely new legal approach , to ensure that such an atrocity would never happen again .
Surely not .
Even though mass killings are not rare in history , Hitler 's extermination plan was , if not unique , certainly highly unusual .
This is especially true of intervention in civil wars , where the sides can not easily be divided into victims and aggressors , good and evil .
We need not feel sorry for Mladi? .
Mladi? was engaged in ethnic cleansing , which , though reprehensible , is not the same as genocide .
AMSTERDAM -- Most European citizens -LRB- for example , more than 60 % in France and Germany -RRB- believe that Turkey should not become part of the European Union .
In the words of former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , one of the authors of the EU Constitution , `` Turkey is not a European country . ''
This is hard to take for members of the secular , Westernized Turkish elite , who have spent decades , if not longer , trying to prove their European bona fides .
That 's right , said another Turk within earshot , a fluent English speaker who spent much time in London , worked for NGOs promoting human rights , and was jailed in the 1980 's for opposing the military regime : `` I hate Europe . I 'm not European , and who needs Europe , anyway ? ''
While the Greek crisis is tearing at the seams of the eurozone , the Turkish economy is booming . To be sure , `` Europe '' was for many years a symbol , not just of wealth , but also of liberal politics , open societies , and human rights .
And Turkish society has benefited greatly from its attempt -- not yet perfect , not yet complete -- to come up to European standards .
And some of its new members -- Romania , Bulgaria , and Hungary , for example -- are not exactly paragons of open liberal democracy .
Obstructed by the EU , they are also being pushed from their positions of privilege by a new elite that is more provincial , more religious , and less liberal , but not necessarily less democratic -- a cohort personified by the highly popular prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdo?an .
But the old privileged elite is not the only group in Turkey that stands to gain from being part of Europe .
And if the EU 's hugely expanded membership were to stand in the way of a future federal state , this might not be such a bad thing .
If the most Westernized , most modern , most democratic republic in the Islamic world were to be soured by anti-European resentment , this could not be a good outcome for the West -- or , indeed , for the rest of the world .
But not all European citizens are practicing Christians .
Many are not Christians at all .
Such a process can not be forced on people .
But the majority is not always right .
Then again , we might live to regret that times did not change fast enough .
This assumption is not so far-fetched .
But neither Breivik , nor the terrorists of September 11 , 2001 , killed without reason , in the way some nihilistic American shooters do . Islamists view their acts of random mass murder not as a personal publicity stunt , but as a tactic in a holy war against the decadent , sinful West .
His enemies are not just Muslims , but the liberal Western elites , and their children , who were destroying Europe from within through `` multiculturalism '' and `` cultural Marxism . ''
For all the finger pointing at Wilders , just because Breivik professed to admire him , the acts of a deranged killer , others caution , should not be used to discredit what he stands for .
Wilders , in particular , likes to speak in apocalyptic terms of `` the lights going out over Europe , '' and `` the sheer survival of the West . '' And the problem is not just a particular strain of violent revolutionary Islam , but Islam itself : `` If you want to compare Islam to anything , compare it to communism or national socialism -- a totalitarian ideology . ''
NEW YORK -- Many people still believe that the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , were not just acts of political terrorism , but part of a cultural war , a clash of civilizations .
One can not expect the law to solve all cultural conflicts .
The end of the Western slave trade did not come because European culture changed , but because the British changed their laws .
But more and more Japanese women are fighting back against unwelcome male attention , not by denying tradition or culture , but by going to a lawyer and suing .
Their problem is not with sex , or the art of seduction , but with the abuse of power .
Muslim women in strict authoritarian societies do not usually have the option of seeking the law 's protection .
As for women in Muslim countries , there may not be much that people in the West can do to improve their lot .
But they vote overwhelmingly for Republicans , so Obama would not seem to have much to lose there .
This was not true before .
Standing up to Israel , and its new fanatical friends , is not anti-Jewish .
The problem with rough justice , in the form of revenge , is not that it is immoral .
And vendetta is by definition not so much immoral , or even unjust , as it is lawless .
It thrives in societies that are not bound by laws that apply equally to all , or even by any formal laws at all .
Codes of honor are not the same as the rule of law .
While the rule of law does not necessarily satisfy everyone 's sense of justice , it does stop the cycle of violent retribution .
This may not have served the rough justice demanded by the furies , but it established the rule of law , which civilized Athens .
To be sure , Athenian democracy was not much like our modern democracies , nor is ancient Athens much like Tripoli today .
Even so , The Eumenides holds an important lesson that remains valid : violence , unchecked by law , will not end .
Michnik admits that all revolutions are incomplete in the sense that not all sinners are punished , and not all virtuous people are rewarded .
A 42-year dictatorship does not exactly provide fertile ground for the learning and experience needed to create an impartial court .
Putting Qaddafi on trial probably would not have satisfied every Libyan 's feeling of injustice , but it might have helped to instill in Libyans greater respect for the rule of law .
Yet all three have been much in the news of late -- and not for happy reasons .
Vlaams Belang , the Flemish nationalist party , may not be the biggest party in Belgium , but it has done well in local elections .
The way the Dutch government handled the affair was not elegant , to say the least .
But I 'm not sure how many governments do pay for the protection of private citizens who live permanently abroad .
But the reasons for her rise are not entirely salubrious .
Ophuls 's film was not shown on French state television until 1981 .
This is not only a European phenomenon . Nor is it a sign of creeping authoritarianism .
When South Korea was ruled by military strongmen , Korean collaboration with Japanese colonial rule in the first half of the twentieth century was not discussed -- partly because some of those strongmen , notably the late Park Chung Hee , had been collaborators themselves .
Now , under President Roh Moo-hyun , a new Truth and Reconciliation Law has not only stimulated a thorough airing of historical grievances , but has also led to a hunt for past collaborators .
But even if extreme caution is sometimes understandable , it may not be wise , as a matter of general principle , to ban abhorrent or simply cranky views of the past .
While the Spanish Civil war was not on a par with the Holocaust , even bitter history leaves room for interpretation .
This is not because China poses a great military threat -- war with the United States , or even Japan , is only a fantasy in the minds of a few ultra-nationalist cranks and paranoiacs .
Contrary to what some pundits say , Chinese capitalism is not like nineteenth-century European capitalism .
True , the European working class , not to mention women , did not have voting rights 200 years ago .
In China , by contrast , while individuals have regained many personal freedoms since the death of Maoism , they are not free to organize anything that is not controlled by the Communist Party .
Despite communism 's ideological bankruptcy , China has not changed in this regard .
The China Model is attractive not only to the country 's new coastal elites , but has global appeal .
African dictators -- indeed , dictators everywhere -- who walk the plush red carpets laid out for them in Beijing love it . For the model is non-Western , and the Chinese do not preach to others about democracy .
This would not be in anyone 's interest , so we should wish China well in 2008 , while sparing a thought for all the dissidents , democrats , and free spirits languishing in labor camps and prisons .
Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
This notion of the elitist appeaser is not confined to the Netherlands .
Liberals , in this view , are not only soft , but are somehow distinctly un-American .
And Muslim immigrants live in Amsterdam , London , or Marseilles , not in the kind of small towns where right-wing populists find most of their support .
There are reasons for people to feel anxious about economic globalization , pan-European bureaucracy , the huge and not always effectively controlled influx of immigrants , and the aggression of radical political Islam .
There is a sense among many Europeans , not just in the Netherlands , that they have been abandoned in a fast-changing world , that multi-national corporations are more powerful than nation-states , that the urban rich and highly educated do fine and ordinary folks in the provinces languish , while democratically elected politicians are not only powerless , but have abjectly surrendered to these larger forces that threaten the common man .
Tolerance is seen as not just weak , but as a betrayal .
The Muslim threat is , of course , not a fantasy .
Wilders , and others like him , are not just attacking Islamic extremists .
We must fight Islamic extremism , but not by tapping into the darkest gut feelings of the unthinking mob .
But it has become increasingly clear that the industry can not survive in this form .
Reporters are not entitled to so twist the facts as to reinvent them .
I did not introduce the emotionally charged word `` sin '' and tie it to homosexuality in the debate .
This belief could not be construed to have any influence on my decisions , unless I also said and believed that homosexuality is also a crime .
The distinction that I was drawing in my testimony , between law and morals , was not accepted .
Indeed , the committee entered in the sphere of moral conscience by stating that anyone who does not adhere to a positive moral evaluation of homosexuality is unfit to serve as a European commissioner .
According to this principle , Konrad Adenauer , Robert Schuman , and Alcide de Gasperi -- three of the EU 's founding fathers -- would not measure up .
The rejection of my nomination was , according to many , just another political battle : you win some , you lose some , but you can not say that you have been unfairly discriminated against simply because you lost .
But the European Commission is not accountable to the European Parliament in the same way that a national government is accountable to its parliament .
It has been roughly 300 years since religious people came to understand that being of a different faith , or being agnostic , did not disqualify one from public office .
If the moral test that I endured stands , it means that Europe has come full circle : agnostics are no longer willing to accept that being religious -- and having different moral views -- should not bar someone from holding an official post .
The new interpretation that came with the radicalized German youth movement of 1968 argued that the Hitler era was not a sharp break with German history , but rather continuous with it .
The only direction for German culture that did not lead to the spiritual abyss of Nazism -- according to this radical new interpretation -- was Marxism .
True , Pius XII did not condemn Nazism during the war .
And a condemnation of Nazism could have been misinterpreted as an attack not against Nazism , but against Germany in its life-and-death struggle with Stalin 's Communist regime .
Pius XII was a Pope , not a prophet .
He did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known .
The Germany of Klaus von Stauffenberg , not Hitler , was the Germany that Pius XII loved .
Indeed , papal diplomats not only knew about the plot against Hitler , but sought to mediate between the conspirators and the Allied Powers .
SEOUL -- There was a time , not long after the Cold War 's end , when almost everyone assumed that North Korea would soon collapse .
Indeed , China offered South Korea a veiled warning that it `` should not sweat the small stuff , '' implying that the unprovoked killing of 46 South Korean sailors is a petty matter , and certainly not one that will cause China to rethink its alliance with North Korea .
Lee must not only calculate how tough to be with North Korea in response to the death of the Cheonan sailors , but also find a way to keep working with Kim Jong-il 's police state .
There is hardly a developed country where health care reform has not become a kind of chronic disease of modern medicine : as soon as some reforms are implemented , a call comes for yet another round .
What is needed is a radical change in how we think about medicine and health care , not simply better ways to reorganize existing systems .
But unlimited progress can not be paid for with finite funds .
Long-term affordability and equitable access requires a finite vision of medicine and health care , one that does not try to overcome aging , death , and disease , but tries to help everyone avoid a premature death and to live decent , even if not perfect , lives .
In a balanced society , health care may not always be the top priority .
But if drug companies must test new products for their safety and efficacy , why not also for their economic impact on health care ?
New technologies should not be dropped into health care systems uninvited .
Only if a technology does not significantly raise costs , or does so only exceptionally , should governments be willing to pay for it .
Most fundamentally , a finite model of medicine must accept human aging and death as part of the human life cycle , not some kind of preventable condition .
A medicine that keeps people alive too long is not a decent and humane medicine .
This is not an argument against progress : I , for one , am glad that people do n't die of small pox at 40 anymore .
But Europeans should not expect too much .
A great Eurasian bloc suddenly appeared in opposition to America 's hegemonic global pretensions , prefiguring a new fluidity in geopolitical relationships , if not a tectonic shift in alignments .
It is now clear that European and American geopolitical interests are not automatically in harmony .
Europeans do not accept the Bush administration 's strategic vision , and the US is unable to pursue that vision without European support .
But Europe will not be eager to embrace such a future .
It may be careful not to alienate America , but it will struggle to build a collaborative relationship with its regional neighbors .
America 's unipolar expectations have not been ratified by events .
That Europe can find the will , the means , and the confidence to play that role can not be taken for granted .
What does seem clear is that a cohesive and strong Europe on good terms with its neighbors will not fit easily into a close transatlantic alliance with an America actively pursuing global hegemony .
This outcome stands in stark contrast to that of external private creditors , who have not seen a cent of what they are owed for more than one year and so far do not have even a hint about terms of repayment .
First , the status of senior claimants of pension funds could be made explicit and , to the extent that there is no solvency risk , the above problems could be addressed by creating a pension fund bond that yields a rate of return that is not subject to repudiation risk .
Second , and more radically , pension funds could be barred from investing in domestic government bonds that are not rated , say , A - or higher .
A criminal law that makes it preferable for carriers of HIV not to know that they are infected and capable of spreading it to others , including their loved ones , seems particularly suited to Mr. Bumble 's condemnation .
In Zimbabwe , for example , a woman was recently sentenced for exposing her lover to HIV even though she did not infect him .
When persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions , not knowing their HIV status can be their most-effective legal defense . Prosecutions will act to deter many people -- especially men as well as persons living in areas where HIV treatment is largely unavailable -- from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
In addition to vowing elections , which have not yet been scheduled , Djibo has pledged that members of the junta will not run for office .
While he has pledged not to run in the elections set for November 26 , 2011 , an alleged mutiny within the military , as well as arrests in April of suspected coup plotters , suggests a widening divide within the military itself .
Given modern financial systems ' demonstrated ability to create -LRB- and destroy -RRB- liquidity endogenously -- via financial innovation and global mobility -- financial and macroeconomic stability may become more difficult to achieve if monetary instruments and macroprudential tools are not used in a consistent manner .
Since then , not even campaigning politicians have dared to promise a prosperous future .
The process of developing and coming to terms with a new national idea can not begin and end with a rejection of the very concept .
That scenario is not merely hypothetical .
Moreover , it is not clear that all polio cases can be detected , because some infected people do not show symptoms .
But it is not the right one .
A military coup is not the only way to destroy a free society .
Still , to insist that Latin American democracy has been a major disappointment would not merely be pessimistic ; it would fail to recognize that the most important values of a free society include the capacity to change , to rectify , and to improve .
The problem does not lie with our shortcomings , but with the way we choose to resolve them .
Certainly , merely returning to big government will not resolve anything , because it is inefficient and generates the opposite but equivalent imbalance .
The Washington Consensus -- with its emphasis on liberalization , deregulation , and privatization -- does not forecast greater per capita income , nor does it eliminate poverty .
No , because , simply put , political liberty can not be separated from economic liberty .
This does not require immediately creating new administrative structures , but skillful political coordination can and must be at the heart of this debate and ensuring its successful outcome .
We can not base our actions solely on commercial will , because that limits us to operating strictly at the whims of international markets .
As the political scientist Samuel Huntington has said , `` Business may bring communities closer but it can not bring them into harmony . ''
Having won some of their freedom , Latin America 's people should not be forced to pay the high price implied by their leaders ' failure to open forbidden issues to debate .
The conflict is not , as the government claims , between the people and a few oligarchs .
But this is not inevitable , above all because Aymaras and non-Aymaras , Indians and non-Indians , will continue to work to preserve unity in democracy as the basis for a more just future .
To those who think that this is the case , Chavez is not an innovator but someone who is merely squandering Venezuela 's oil wealth in the same way that governments did following the oil shocks of the 1970 's .
Thus , Chavez is portrayed as a return to the Latin American populist heresy , a heresy that must be resisted because it affects not only the country with the largest oil reserves outside the Middle East , but also because it may tempt the rest of Latin America down that road .
The years of the biggest transformation demands in Latin America or those of its docility to economic orthodoxy will not come back because we can remember them .
Especially , the view of the Washington Consensus seems irretrievable ; its `` grand tale '' is now beyond the pale in the region 's societies after it did not deliver the promised prosperity .
In the end these may not be the rules he envisions today , but neither are they a spent force .
All this violence is incited by rebels who number barely 40,000 , not much in a nation of 40 million .
Perhaps the best explanation has to do with attitudes , not ideology .
The options backdating scandal that recently caught Apple 's chairman , Steve Jobs , is a microcosm of innovation , prosecution , and reform ; now that a rule has been written to prohibit backdating , this particular scam will not happen again .
Friedman 's voice was a skeptical breath of fresh air at a time when the reigning viewpoint was a kind of smug pseudo-socialism that did not recognize the astounding power of markets to accomplish desirable aims .
Skepticism might not be as bracing as freedom , but it 's something we could have used a bit more of in the past few years .
Down through the years , I have seen despair and frustration evolve into optimism and progress and , even now , we need not give up hope for permanent peace for Israelis and freedom and justice for Palestinians if three basic premises are honored :
The killing of innocent people by suicide bombs or other acts of violence can not be condoned ; and
Israel belatedly announced , but did not carry out , a two-day cessation in bombing Lebanon , responding to the global condemnation of an air attack on the Lebanese village of Qana , where 57 civilians were killed and where 106 died from the same cause 10 years ago .
They responded that such previous action by them had not been reciprocated , and they reminded me that Hamas had previously insisted on a ceasefire throughout Palestine including both Gaza and the West Bank , which Israel had refused .
It is one thing for other leaders to defer to the US on the crucial peace negotiations , but the world must not stand idle while innocent people are treated cruelly .
Change will not be easy .
But we can not allow the distortion of faith or long-standing custom to be used as an excuse to ignore the rights of girls and women , and to hold their communities in poverty .
What we have learned over the years is that social change of this kind can not be imposed from above .
But this has not translated into change on the ground .
Most of all , it is time to recognize that we can not improve the lives of the poorest and most marginalized women and girls until the impact of child marriage is addressed directly and openly -- and unless we make a commitment to ending it .
Given this background , it is no surprise that Poland has forged a type of Catholic `` Europhobe '' who objects to the EU not because of the Euro or some supposed threat to national sovereignty , but because of what Europe represents morally and spiritually .
That fear is not unjustified .
Europe 's lukewarm -- if not outright hostile -- response to John Paul II 's revivalist preaching testifies to the difficulty of this assignment .
In so doing , it could prove that the decline of religion in Europe is not an inevitable process tightly linked to modernization , but a historical choice Europeans have made .
A modern , religious Poland could force secular Europeans to rethink their assumptions and realize that it is not so much Poland that is out of sync with Europe , but secular Europe that is out of sync with the rest of the world .
Under `` the moribund , '' as the Constitution came to be known , Venezuela not only had eight peaceful presidential transitions , but also enjoyed the fruits of democratic pluralism and strong civil and political liberties .
In fact , one can find similar achievements in Chile and Brazil , which have not given up on democratic checks and balances , political pluralism , or freedom of the press , and have not enjoyed the luxury of $ 300 billion in oil revenue in the space of one decade .
Moreover , it ought not to be forgotten that between 1950 and 1980 , Venezuela itself reduced extreme poverty from 43 % to 8 % of the population , one of the lowest figures in Latin America .
It is obvious that Yankee imperialism can not be blamed for Venezuela 's emaciated tax system , dismally bad schools , rampant corruption , high crime rate , and feeble political institutions .
The latest proof : Mauricio Funes , the standard bearer of the FMLN -- until not long ago a Marxist guerilla movement -- has just prevailed in El Salvador 's presidential election .
If the vicious tone of his opponent 's campaign offers any indication , Funes can not count on the good will of those who have yet to learn how to behave like a loyal opposition .
A political newcomer who did not participate in El Salvador 's civil war , Funes , along with all the FMLN 's congressional candidates , was handpicked as presidential nominee , behind closed doors by the party 's Political Commission , where diehard Marxist cadres still roam unchecked .
If Muslims are not to be allowed to build anything Islamic anywhere near Ground Zero , let those who feel insulted strive to change the law through an open democratic process in which the reasons for a legal ban can be argued openly and without fig leafs .
Feeling uncomfortable with this rationale , other opponents deny the religious nature of the dispute and make clear that theirs is not a quarrel with Islam .
Of course , if their reasoning were followed to its logical conclusion , allowing the project to be built would be the most robust statement that this dispute really does not have anything to do with religion .
The policies that resulted from these decisions may or may not be necessary for America 's long-term security interests , but it is undeniable that they have fueled a backlash in the Muslim world which has , on occasion , reared its head in murderous ways .
We can only hope that the American public will reject not just the insistent calls to derail the construction of the Park 51 project , but also the contested assumptions that underpin opposition to it .
Only Rajasthan 's economy has kept pace with the rest of the country ; the other four have not benefited much from trade and regulatory liberalization .
But the majority of children in Kerala and Tamil Nadu are already in school , while in Bihar they are not .
But this is not what has happened so far .
But Indian producers and transporters will not invest in them if they bear the costs , while the public at large receives the benefits .
As with the other challenges posed by population growth , the issue is not whether the future can be managed , but whether it will be .
India may or may not be the world 's next economic wonder ; but it will have to solve its age-old problems , as well as its new ones , if it is going to be a good place to live for the vast majority of its citizens .
The Court was not supposed to hold specific individuals criminally responsible ; that is the job of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- .
Although the Court ruled that genocide had taken place , it decided that Serbia was not responsible under international law .
The genocide could not therefore be imputed to Serbia , even if the Serbian government was paying salaries to Mladic and his colleagues , as well as providing them with financial and military assistance .
Nor was Serbia guilty of complicity , because , though it exercised considerable influence over Mladic and his people , it did not know , at the moment when the genocide was taking place that such a crime was being committed .
Moreover , according to the ICJ , Serbia violated international law by failing to prevent genocide , because , though it could have thwarted the massacres , it did not , and subsequently did not help the ICTY arrest Mladic -LRB- who , notoriously , is still hiding in Serbia -RRB- .
Why was it not enough to prove that the Bosnian Serb military leadership was financed and paid by Serbia and that it was tightly connected to Serbia political and military leadership ?
More importantly , the ICJ 's decision that Serbia is responsible for not having prevented a genocide in which it was not complicit makes little sense .
According to the Court , Serbia was aware of the very high risk of acts of genocide and did nothing . But Serbia was not complicit , the Court argued , because `` it has not been proven '' that the intention of committing the acts of genocide at Srebrenica `` had been brought to Belgrade 's attention . ''
In the words of Immanuel Kant , not some Texas governor , no other `` penalty is capable of satisfying justice . ''
First , in a modern democracy , punishment must be not only retributive , but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings .
But , while this is a compelling argument , those who know modern prisons recognize that many inmates are not susceptible to improvement -- a fact that can not be attributed only to conditions of detention .
The second ethical argument is based on the commandment `` thou shalt not kill '' which also enjoins the state from killing .
If a convict turns out to be innocent , his execution can not be undone .
Criminologists have shown , statistically , that in US states where convicts are executed , serious crimes have not diminished .
Other criminologists argue that this finding , if well-founded , should then apply to any criminal law : every day , criminal prohibitions are infringed ; yet if we did not have such prohibitions , crimes would be even more rampant .
But we should not sit idly by and refrain from taking sides .
But , whether or not you oppose the death penalty , two lessons can be drawn from the debate .
The second lesson is that the death penalty debate should not absorb all our attention .
How can we ignore that many states today kill not only through legal punishment , but also by murdering and massacring in international or civil wars , or by allowing starvation ?
In short , opposition to the death penalty can not be an end in itself , for it is only one element of a more general fight for human dignity .
If a United Nations-backed settlement is not reached by early December , the province 's majority Albanian population is likely to declare independence unilaterally -- a move that the United States has announced it may support .
Russia would be furious , because it fears that Kosovo 's secession -- whether or not it is internationally recognized -- might fuel separatist movements in the former Soviet empire .
Moreover , independence would not be accepted by the Serbian public , which has already watched in dismay as `` Great Serbia '' has been gradually whittled away , most recently with the secession of Montenegro .
Yet , while the two parties now seem irreconcilable , it is not too late for compromise .
It could be authorized to enter into trade agreements as well as agreements concerning individuals -LRB- for example , admission and circulation of foreigners , or extradition -RRB- , plus the right to seek admission to the UN -LRB- which does not require full sovereignty and independence -RRB- .
The Court 's jurisdiction over the crimes in Darfur has been established pursuant to a binding decision of the United Nations Security Council , which means that even states that are not parties to the ICC statute must execute the Court 's orders and warrants .
Second , Moreno-Ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only Sudan 's president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned , ordered , and organized the massive crimes in Darfur .
But this is not so .
For example , one kills ten Kurds not because they are obnoxious or because the perpetrator has strong feelings against each of them taken individually , but only because they are Kurds ; by killing those ten persons he intends to contribute to the destruction of the group as such .
The wolf then snarls that if it was not the lamb , it was his father ; after that , he immediately moves into action .
By sending its troops to South Ossetia , Georgia no doubt was politically reckless , but it did not breach any international rule , however nominal its sovereignty may be .
Nor do genocide or ethnic cleansing seem to have occurred ; if war crimes were perpetrated , they do not justify a military invasion .
Finally , the 1992 agreement authorizes only monitoring of internal tensions , not massive use of military force .
Strangely , it has not done so , though , fortunately , the ICC Prosecutor has announced that he is keeping the situation in Georgia `` under analysis . ''
Plainly , by itself the law may not be able to offer the right solution in such a complex and dangerous situation .
Sex , Berlusconi , and Putin 's Bed ROME -- Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's political and sexual exploits make headlines around the world , and not just in the tabloid press .
These stories would be no more than funny -- which they are certainly are -- if they were not so damaging to Italy and revelatory of the country 's immobile politics .
A downfall plotted to happen on a Kremlin-supplied bed would be a denouement that not even one of Berlusconi 's TV channels could dream up .
But that does not mean the end of separatism .
But their chauvinism does not stop there : they constantly propose measures to discriminate between northern Italian citizens from Veneto or Lombardy and southerners from Naples , Calabria , or Sicily .
At the end of July , another Lega Nord MP , Paola Goisis , proposed in Parliament that teachers from Italy 's south should not be allowed to teach in northern schools unless they are well versed in the history , traditions , and dialects of the area where the school is located .
Zaia 's vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect !
But Europe is not alone in its estrangement from the United States under President George W. Bush 's leadership .
The parallel with Europe does not end there .
Complete estrangement from the US in Latin America will not only harm hemispheric relations , but may discredit broader ideas that are closely associated with the US .
This was not the case at the beginning of Bush 's term as president .
At least rhetorically speaking , government parties or leaders with a strong anti-US tilt are gaining ground , from Mexico City 's Mayor Andrés Manuel López Obrador to the Frente Amplio party in Uruguay , from Schaddick Handal in the old FMLN in El Salvador to Evo Morales in Bolivia , not to mention governments like Hugo Chávez 's in Venezuela and Nestor Kirchner 's in Argentina .
These anti-US forces are not all necessarily left wing ; they are , however , stridently critical of the US .
He may not have won by more than a percentage point and his 36 % of the vote is hardly a mandate .
In the end , Mexico 's voters did not fall for López Obrador 's stratagem .
Regardless of the fact that this description is largely , though not entirely , inaccurate , the voters decided that the last people they wanted to fix the mess were ... those who created it in the first place .
The election was not over policies , simplistic or not , such as war or peace , lower or higher taxes , more or less public spending , how to combat poverty or create jobs , to permit or prohibit capital punishment , abortion , gay marriage , or whatever .
Viewed from afar , such campaign themes might not have been a bad thing : after all , countries need these types of discussion every now and then .
Calderón can not hand education over to the Church , privatize Pemex -LRB- the state owned oil company -RRB- or abolish social anti-poverty programs , as his adversaries falsely claimed he would do .
And López Obrador would not have been able to move Mexico away from the United States , revise NAFTA , massively and overnight re-orient public spending , eliminate poverty , and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs , as he said , and truly seemed to believe , he would do .
Since debates over those policies did not take place , they will have to begin now , and inevitably they will further polarize a society that is already deeply divided .
Calderón will not only be plagued by this artificial ideological divide ; he will also have to confront the same paralysis that Fox and his predecessor , Ernesto Zedillo , have encountered since 1997 .
Mexico 's current institutions were designed and built for an authoritarian rule , not for democracy , and they worked while Mexico was governed by a single party , the PRI .
We were all wrong , and the new president must face the same challenge : not how to govern with these dysfunctional institutions , but how to replace them with something that works .
With these reforms , Mexico can finally begin to harvest the fruits of ten years of stability and continuity -- not a mean feat for a country which had previously had major crises in every decade since the 1960s .
Indeed , after ten years of uninterrupted macroeconomic stability -- something Mexico had not experienced since the 1960 's -- the middle class has expanded dramatically , and reasonably priced bank credit is now available to millions who had been excluded in the past .
But it was not enough to win an election that López Obrador and his backers thought was in the bag .
Instead , López Obrador , a former Mexico City mayor , and his supporters demanded a vote-by-vote recount , which is not mandated -- though it is not proscribed -- by the country 's electoral laws .
That epoch came to an end in 2000 , and will not return .
Otherwise , it will continue to be seen by Mexico 's impoverished masses as the party of the rich -- perhaps unfairly , but not entirely unjustly .
Not only is it not New Labor ; it is not even like the French , Spanish , or Chilean Socialist Parties , or Brazil 's Workers ' Party .
It continues to be a movement with a revolutionary faction -- not a majority , but certainly a large minority -- bent on insurrection , socialism , and `` anti-imperialist '' alignment with Cuba and Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez .
But change will not happen overnight , so Mexico needs short-term solutions to its travails .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
There were no major , unfortunate incidents ; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended ; no significant slights or mishaps took place ; and President Bush achieved what he probably was most interested in : sending a message back to the United States that he actually is interested in more than Iraq .
Here , despite the photo-ops and the hugs and the local cuisine , the American president was simply not ready , willing or able , to give satisfaction to his colleagues , from capital to capital .
In fact , Bush 's was a brave gesture : despite Uribe 's success in combating drugs , paramilitaries and guerrillas , his capital is not an especially safe place .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
Conversely , if Bush can not come up with enough Republican moderates in the US Senate -- they are actually already there , probably &#45; &#45; and in the US House of Representatives , the letdown and resentment in Mexico -LRB- as well as everywhere in Central America , the Caribbean , Peru , Ecuador and Colombia -RRB- will be immense .
Second , the White House must not only get the pending free trade agreements ratified by Congress , but should improve them , learning from the NAFTA experience , make them more poverty-sensitive , more environmentally - and labor-oriented , and provide more support for infrastructure and training .
Stop building fences -- even if they do make good neighbors &#45; &#45; and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US . It 's hateful , needless , and futile : as Bush said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
For years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious : the emergence of an enormous , vicious , well-armed , and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
In a region where threats to democracy and human rights are growing , linking trade and economic policy to these considerations is not a bad idea .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
For years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious : the emergence of an enormous , vicious , well-armed , and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act .
Now it appears that President George W. Bush 's closest ally in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human rights concerns in the US House and Senate .
In a region where threats to democracy and human rights are growing , linking trade and economic policy to these considerations is not a bad idea .
Uribe may not deserve such a fate , but history works in strange ways .
That seems to be the case in Mexico , which recently passed new tax and electoral laws -- but not the ones the country needs .
While tax reform was high on President Felipe Calderón 's agenda during last year 's presidential campaign , electoral reform was not .
Unfortunately , the attack on the IFE 's autonomy is not an isolated event in Latin America .
But it is not reasonable to do so by proposing a cure that is worse than the disease .
Of course , my book can not be the Mexican stance .
But an assessment from the vantage point of past , current , and future Mexican immigrants to the US is a necessary component of the American debate -- all the more so when one recalls that immigration has , in fact , not generally been exclusively a domestic US policy question .
And , of course , the US has had a standing immigration agreement since 1965 with a country most Americans would not imagine : Fidel Castro 's Cuba .
The most important feature of that context is that the actual flow of Mexicans entering the US today is not much greater than the overall average figure for the Bracero Program period : around 400,000 per year .
Finally , the efforts of the Mexican and US governments since 2001 to reach an accommodation on the issue have not been well understood .
Indeed , the substance of the negotiations was not much different from the content of the Bush-Kennedy `` grand bargain '' that was fashioned in 2007 .
Raúl replaced Fidel as President of the Councils of Ministers and of State , but not as First Secretary of the Cuban Communist Party .
Doing so would give whomever he chooses an edge when Raúl , who is 76 , passes on , and he and Fidel do not necessarily agree on who should come next .
After decades of coups , dictatorships , torture , and disappearances , Latin America today , while not devoid of these plagues , has built a number of firewalls to forestall them .
It appears that during an upcoming visit to Havana , the Mexican foreign minister will not meet with local dissidents , breaking with precedents established since 1993 .
In contrast to that era , popular hostility is not really motivated by US actions in or toward Latin America ; but today 's anti-Americanism still complicates life greatly for democratic leaders in the hemisphere , and for America itself .
Second , and more importantly , the substantive issues of conflict on the US-Latin American agenda are heating up . They will not go away by themselves , and failure to address them will probably only make them worse .
At this stage , we know that free-trade agreements are useful , but are not silver bullets .
America can not stem this tide by closing its borders ; but it can regulate the tide by legalizing and humanizing it , and by helping to create conditions in Latin America where life-threatening emigration is not the only way out .
While Latin America will not be a priority for either an Obama or McCain administration , continuing the United States ' neglect of the last seven years is no longer viable .
The US can not continue with the failed policies of the past half-century .
Yet the US can not set aside the question of democracy and human rights in Cuba while it awaits the departure of Fidel 's brother , Raúl .
But the US should not succumb to this temptation .
The US , Canada , Europe , and Latin America have constructed a regional legal framework , which must not be abandoned , to defend democratic rule and human rights in the hemisphere .
Holding free and fair elections may not be the primary issue , but nor are they issues that should be shelved in the interests of stability and expediency .
The retrograde left today can realize Che Guevara 's old dream : not `` one , two , many Vietnams , '' but `` one , two , many Venezuelas , '' winning power by the ballot and then conserving and concentrating it through constitutional changes and the creation of armed militias and monolithic parties .
The best , strictly Latin America-focused steps , are self-evident , if not easily achievable .
Free Trade with a Human Face MEXICO CITY -- Although many Americans believe immigration is a domestic issue that should be excluded from talks with other governments , this is not a view held by other nations -- or by the United States .
For many Latin American nations , not just Mexico , immigration is the single most important issue in their relations with the US .
The response has always been : the US is not Europe , nor is it in the business of nation-building or reconstruction .
Free-trade advocates should not view Obama 's demand that these deals be revisited as a mistake , but rather as an opportunity to improve and deepen them ; McCain 's supporters should not see the incorporation of all of the aforementioned inclusions as `` European nonsense , '' but rather as a way to narrow the gap between the agreements ' promise and their actual results .
Signing the papers would be groundbreaking , as it would signal for the first time that suspected rights abusers might face trial anywhere in the world if justice was not likely at home .
Because of this enduring status quo , Mexico 's people do not blame Calderón for today 's harsh economic downturn ; it is business as usual , they think .
If that connection proves faulty , it will not work , and Mexicans may question the point of a `` war '' that has more than doubled the number of gangland executions , from 2,000 in 2006 to 5,000 in 2008 , when their children , statistically at least , are not in harm 's way .
It will take years and billions of dollars to change this state of affairs ; Calderón does not have the time , and only the US has the money .
He may be right , but the alternative is no military makeover , and no likelihood of winning a war that perhaps should not have been declared in the first place .
Had it not been for the world economic crisis , or if it ends up being short and shallow , many observers , including me , remain convinced that Mexico can continue to muddle through , as it has done since 1996 .
But scare tactics did not work this time .
It is they , not Funes , who control the FMLN organization .
Chávez helped the FMLN by giving free or cheap oil to its mayors in many parts of the country , and probably -LRB- though it has not been proven -RRB- by channeling funds , if only in small quantities , to the party 's electoral coffers .
Cuban and Venezuelan involvement in political parties in Mexico or Brazil , for example , is undisputable , but not necessarily very relevant .
These are large countries with huge economies , where conspiring and doling out small perks and favors is not very effective .
Of course , the Central American nations do not wield huge influence in Mexico ; if anything , it is the other way around .
Given that the smaller countries do not act independently of Venezuela , and that Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez does not act without Cuba 's guidance on weighty matters such as these , it is now clear that the Cubans and their allies will cut US President Barack Obama no slack on Latin American issues .
The second consideration is that this behavior will continue . The reason seems clear enough : Cuba needs international aid desperately , and there are not too many places where it can find it .
In principle , IDB membership requires OAS membership , and therein may lie the reason why Cuba insisted so strongly on returning , and why it was ultimately disappointed in not obtaining unconditional re-admission .
The Cubans , Nicaraguans , and Venezuelans will not cut Funes any slack , either , believing that history is on their side , and that now is the time to force every issue in sight .
They will not do so any time soon , on any issue that may spring up , if it means confrontation with the ALBA countries .
It was a war that Calderón should not have declared , that can not be won , and that is doing enormous damage to Mexico .
In other words , since Calderón began his war on drugs , more Mexican drugs are on the market , not less .
This may not be ideal , but it is better than prolonging a fight that can not be won .
The death of Cuban hunger striker and dissident Orlando Zapata , while Latin leaders were pow-wowing in Cancún and creating their new organization , unleashed a wave of indignation against the Castro brothers in the US , Europe , and Latin America -LRB- though not among its governments , which all remained silent -RRB- .
But , just as Chávez is worried about rumblings and dissidents in Cuba , the island 's leaders are concerned about the news from Caracas ; they know they can not survive without Chávez 's oil and subsidies .
The new Honduran and Chilean presidents are not allies , unlike their predecessors .
Subsequently , the interim government was able to resist pressure from abroad to restore him , held a previously scheduled election , and handed power over to a new , democratically-elected president , Porfirio Lobo , who has now been recognized by the US , the EU , and several , though not all , of the region 's governments .
That it might appear absurd to invite Cuba , which has not had an elected president since the 1950 's , and not Lobo , who was cleanly elected just months ago , did not seem to worry either Mexican host Felipe Calderón or his colleagues .
Mexico and Brazil will not follow , but would not oppose the move , either .
The fact that the Cancún meeting provided no funds , location , charter , or staff for the new organization will not matter : Latin American leaders are used to building castles in the air .
These loopholes consist in not defining precisely what an interruption to constitutional rule signifies -- just the overthrow of an elected president , or also shutting down a legislature or TV station ? -- and giving the OAS teeth beyond suspension of members for violating its precepts .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva has sought to catapult his country onto the world stage as an emerging power , but he has not fared well .
His chief goal -- obtaining a permanent seat for Brazil on the United Nations Security Council -- is more distant than ever , and his more modest aims have not met with greater success .
Rousseff 's main opponent , São Paulo Governor José Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances -- ranging from withering criticisms of Lula 's foreign policy to outright support for his social policies .
Brazil has acquired an international stature worthy of its size and success , though perhaps not of its ambitions .
Its democracy is thriving and vibrant , if not always effective or without corruption .
But there are grounds for skepticism about Lula 's legacy , and the fact that they are rarely mentioned does not diminish their significance .
The problem is that Brazil 's overall investment rate remains around 16 % of GDP , far less than Mexico 's or the Latin American average , not to mention China -LRB- 40 % -RRB- .
Lula accentuated the traditional Brazilian attitude of not meddling in Cuban affairs , to the point of traveling to Havana shortly after a hunger-striking dissident died in prison there .
Then , in May of this year , Lula teamed up with Turkey in proposing a deal with Iran on its nuclear program , which the latter nominally accepted but the rest of the world did not .
But , until it develops a mature foreign policy that matches its economic aspirations -- a foreign policy based on principled leadership , not heedless Third World solidarity -- its global influence will be constrained .
There have been some notable documents , though not many .
A coup was a coup , could not be accepted , and , however provocative Zelaya had been , the only possible US position was his unconditional return to power .
While not terribly new , Greenlee put his finger on one of the ongoing challenges facing Morales -- ensuring the loyalty of the Bolivian Armed Forces to his `` revolution '' -- and his main tool for addressing it : Cuban and Venezuelan security backing to deter a military coup .
The logical conclusion of all this is evident : since Mexican President Felipe Calderón himself can not be both president and drug czar , and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in Mexico , the void will be filled by someone else .
There is no smoking gun in WikiLeaks ' releases about US policy toward Latin America -LRB- not yet , at least -RRB- .
It also has an economy that is not growing sufficiently to stem the ongoing tide passing through Mexico to the US .
These are not mineral-rich or bountiful agricultural nations : some coffee and bananas here , a little sugar and beef there , but nothing with which to sustain a boom .
For Sartre -LRB- and for many of his contemporaries -RRB- , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes -LRB- whatever that meant -RRB- .
But Octavio Paz and Pablo Neruda , Gabriel García Márquez and Carlos Fuentes , Diego Rivera and the Nueva Trova Cubana and their successors did not fade into the background as representative democracy emerged in Latin America .
On the contrary , they have continued to retain a great deal of influence , not only for their readers , but also for the broader public .
Vargas Llosa argued -- eloquently and elegantly -- that he could not vote for the daughter of a corrupt and repressive former president currently serving a 25-year prison sentence for human rights violations .
But nor could he abstain or call for others to do so , since this would not only favor Keiko , but would also be a de facto abdication of the intellectuel engagé 's responsibility .
Exit polls did not measure the `` Vargas Llosa effect , '' so it is difficult to say whether his backing was decisive in Humala 's victory -LRB- the margin was less than 2 % -RRB- .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable .
Mexico abstained on partition , though it voted in favor of admitting Israel to the UN a few months later , and subsequently recognized the Jewish state , acknowledging that its national interest was best served by not taking sides in the Middle East imbroglio .
In the coming weeks , most Latin American countries will vote in favor of some form of UN membership or recognition of statehood that the Palestinian Authority is seeking . But some will not .
The issue is not a simple one for the Security Council 's two Latin American non-permanent members , Brazil and Colombia , or for Cuba , Nicaragua , Venezuela , Costa Rica , Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Ecuador , Peru , Uruguay , and Honduras , which have already recognized Palestine , but have not yet voted to grant it `` observer '' status at the UN .
The Jewish community in the United States , and to a lesser extent President Barack Obama 's administration , has attempted to convince Chile and Mexico , which have not yet made their stances explicit , that nothing would be gained by isolating Israel -LRB- or the US , for that matter -RRB- on this issue .
Indeed , little would change on the ground even with full Palestinian statehood if Israel and the US do not accept it -- and Mexico and Chile could lose much in distancing themselves from an ally on a question of great importance to it .
In short , as was the case more than a half-century ago , the region has not spoken with a single voice on these crucial issues .
Now , as then , most Latin American countries have not taken a principled stand -- either for or against Israel , or for or against the Palestinians .
First , they dispatched a three-country mission -LRB- Brazil , India , and South Africa -RRB- to Damascus to `` persuade '' Assad not to murder his people .
Needless to say , he did not respond that , yes , he had killed a few thousand here and there , but that now that they brought it up , he would try to be more careful .
Then they made statement after statement claiming that Syria was not Libya , and they would not allow another Western intervention to achieve regime change in another Arab country just because its people seemed upset with the local dictator .
This is not the way to achieve it .
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
But the question everywhere in Latin America is whether it would not be a better idea to implement former -- and perhaps future -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias 's idea of Latin American disarmament , to turn `` spending on swords '' into investments in ploughshares .
Corruption is not exactly a new phenomenon in Latin America .
Clearly , the Brazilian left , like its Venezuelan , Argentine , Uruguayan , Mexican , and Bolivian counterparts , has not been inoculated against corruption .
Thus , the accusations -- and facts -- about the PT 's flagrant violations of Brazil 's campaign-finance laws , together with its apparently brazen attempts to buy votes in Congress -LRB- not unlike what often occurs in more mature democracies -RRB- is not very surprising .
Only a naive belief in the left 's intrinsic honesty could lead anyone to think that a totally dysfunctional institutional framework -- in Brazil , in Argentina , in Mexico -- and a history of what Octavio Paz called a patrimonial culture of the state would not generate the same consequences on the left that it did on the right and center .
In this deeply held view , men and women are not only different , but opposite .
`` Effeminate '' men and `` masculine '' women coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not `` real '' men and women who are not fully `` feminine . ''
The fact that most gay men are not effeminate , and that most lesbians are not masculine , does not affect this belief , mainly because that kind of gay individual is invisible within the culture .
But homophobia is not just about homosexuality ; it is also about what it means to be a man or a woman .
That is why , in Mexico today , little boys -LRB- and not little girls -RRB- are subjected to hormonal and psychological treatment , are removed from mixed schools , and are forbidden to play with girls , all in an effort to prevent them from turning out homosexual .
Thus , homophobia , far from involving only homosexuals , affects everybody who does not fit into traditional gender roles .
Homophobia serves not only to discriminate against homosexuals , but to keep everybody -- men and women , gay and straight alike -- firmly in their place .
The virus is not well adjusted to the chicken , and some strains of the virus `` go berserk . ''
It is possible that the SARS coronavirus does not cause serious disease in its natural , wild animal hosts .
Many human viral diseases have not been with us very long , perhaps only ten to twenty thousand years .
In other words , the SARS outbreak was not a novel event .
Waterfowl commonly spread influenza viruses to chickens , although the outcome usually is not serious .
Recent events have made crystal clear what we already knew - that human and animal viruses are not mutually exclusive .
So a return of economic , social , or political nationalism is simply not an option .
The crisis must also not become an excuse to create new institutional formats that jeopardize the delicate balance between the different EU institutions , a balance that -- through appropriate adjustments -- has been proven by the test of time .
Of course , the process of accession depends on the readiness of the adhering countries , but it should not be halted or slowed down .
We must not shy away from our responsibilities .
The European Union , though not in need of a `` reset '' because of strained ties with its eastern neighbors , is involved in a deep strategic reconstruction of those relations .
The Eastern Partnership does not offer any quick remedies to the crisis .
In most of these countries , democratic development has not yet reached a point where a change in government is a routine part of political life and can take place without risking the country 's stability .
Here , Sweden will attach particular importance to energy efficiency programs , which will serve not only the purposes of enhancing energy security and reducing costs , but will also be an important contribution to the fight against climate change .
The Eastern Partnership is not an answer to all the problems and difficulties that the six partners are facing .
Those with a sense of history will also see the significance of Europe 's nation states , which not long ago fought each other continuously , now pooling their foreign policies in order to assert them more vigorously on the global stage .
A sustainable globalization process is not only a paramount interest for Europe itself , but also the only way that we can continue to lift billions of people out of poverty and create better foundations for the rule of the law and global governance in countries still lacking in these respects .
That is why it truly has the potential to be a model not only for its own region , but also globally .
But trade in illegal narcotics did not seriously threaten Mexico 's stability or provoke conflict with the United States until the mid-1980 's , when Colombian cocaine began to flood across Mexico to the US .
Calderón 's offensive increased his popularity , but it also provoked a new rise in violence , as the drug gangs not only battled government forces , but also settled accounts among themselves .
But corruption remains a profound and persistent threat to this effort , and if the government can not reduce it significantly -- especially among its anti-drug forces -- a return to tolerance is inevitable .
What if late recurrences simply can not be predicted at diagnosis ?
Are there modifiable factors -- for example , lifestyle , immune-system status , or environmental conditions -- that influence whether or not patients develop late recurrences ?
It may be that many cancer patients harbor disseminated tumor cells , and not all of these cells are destined to re-awaken .
Metastases , not the primary tumor , are responsible for most cancer deaths .
What 's striking about Ortega 's move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital , not only expelling Lewites from the party but canceling his challenger 's permits to hold political rallies and forbidding him to use Sandinista party symbols .
A new Latin American left is developing , but Ortega is not part of it .
As a result , Nicaragua 's people , not its strongmen , may yet choose the next president .
The next day , however , the results from my board were not included on the Supreme Electoral Board -LRB- CSE -RRB- Web site with the results of Managua , and victory was awarded to the FSLN candidate .
No news is not necessarily good news for Hong Kong .
Hong Kong 's people do not reject all security legislation .
A shortsighted decision on the part of the Tung government will have serious negative repercussions not only in Hong Kong , but for Taiwan and around the world .
Any ruler in his right mind should be concerned whether making such a move will not ultimately harm rather than advance his interests .
Against all expectation , and contrary to our wishes , this violence has put us in front of choices we had not seen before .
They do not remember the world without it . ''
Thinking about ourselves , and the world we now live in , his phrase is worth repeating : `` They do not remember the world without it . ''
This is not only a matter of heightened security .
Until then , we shared a certain sense of what was and was not possible .
We will not wait for another version of this lesson .
Yet , even so , Americans are not alone in living in the aftermath of violence .
His argument is that Iran does not want nuclear weapons , and would not use them to duplicate a crime that did not happen .
For deniers , the problem is not that the Holocaust occurred , but that most people still consider it to be a bad thing .
Yet Ahmedinejad , referring to Europe 's response to the Holocaust , asks her to imagine `` what standing some European countries could have had and what global role they could have played , if it had not been for this 60-year-old imposition . ''
Germany does not seem to have done too badly in these 60 years , but consider the core of this `` imposition '' : the effort to give enduring political expression to the moral concepts of good and evil that the Nazis tried to invert .
Ahmedinejad argues that outside pressure , not the actual historical experience of total war , keeps the memory of the Holocaust alive in Europe .
Auschwitz did not occur in a vacuum . It was the furthest extreme of a disaster that incorporated all these other events .
If the Holocaust did not happen , or if it has no meaning , then how is the rest of modern European history to be understood ?
If there were no crimes , then the Nazis were not criminals .
It can not explain why pain involves emotion and cognition .
Injury messages , it seems , travel to many brain structures , not just to sensation-generating areas .
In addition , 76.2 % of schools do not have clean drinking water , while 14.6 % lack electricity .
Moreover , according to Vinod Raina , a member of the Central Advisory Board on Education -LRB- CABE -RRB- , 80 million of India 's 200 million children between 6-14 years of age are not in school at all .
So the protests by highly educated Indians against `` reserved places '' is not only wrongheaded , but dangerous as well .
As in America , the issue is not racial and class reservations and preferences , but ensuring high-quality primary education for all , rich and poor alike .
As India 's educated revolt against preferences , they should not do so in a way that reinforces illiteracy .
In the run up to the election , many Indians could not believe that an African-American would ever be chosen to reside in the White House .
His election inevitably enhanced the standing of the US as a land of genuine opportunity , a nation whose multicultural credentials were as great if not better than polyglot and poly-ethnic India .
Though candidates tend to rollback from protectionist stances once they come to power , the Democrats ' control of both houses of Congress may not give Obama that leeway .
One element in such a policy of reassurance , repeatedly said by Obama and most recently in a television interview , is to `` try to resolve the Kashmir crisis so that they -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- can stay focused not on India , but on the situation with those militants . ''
Public policy , however , should be based on evidence and logic , not glib sociological babble .
Indeed , the protagonists of caste politics and caste-based public policy simply can not validate their assertions , offering only small-sample surveys that can be grossly misleading in the context of a huge country characterized by monumental diversity .
But statistical analysis of this evidence -- the only accessible macro-level quantitative data for the whole country -- does not confirm caste as a clear indicator of deprivation .
In some regions -- Uttar Pradesh , Bombay -LRB- Maharashtra and Gujarat -RRB- , and the Telugu speaking areas of Madras -LRB- Andhra Pradesh -RRB- -- the lowest economic positions were occupied by some `` backward '' castes , not by untouchables .
Hence , caste has not been an indicator of material deprivation , even during the early decades of the twentieth century .
But boosters of caste politics claim that it is not economic deprivation but the social backwardness from which these castes have historically suffered that makes caste reservations necessary .
In fact , the whole population of the lower castes did not suffer from an equal degree of ritual handicap .
But writers like Rivero and his fellow political prisoners , as well as those dissidents who are not in jail , refuse to let Castro off so easily .
Jailed or freed , Rivero will not go away .
It seems repression does not work ; either that or I 'm very stubborn . ''
The rabidly anti-Castro Cuban exiles clustered in Miami argue that it is fear that holds Cubans back , but that 's not true .
But `` it 's not a total disaster because people have this balance . ''
Moreover , unlike other luxury-loving Latin American leaders , Cuban officials do not flaunt lavish lifestyles .
With more than 40 % of Latin America 's population living in poverty , Cuba stands out as an example of a country where being poor does not mean a life of squalor .
`` It 's not my fight , '' says one 28-year-old Cuban , referring to the political battle of communism versus capitalism that keeps him trapped on the island .
Undocumented workers pick America 's crops , clean Americans ' houses , and serve Americans their food , but their fate simply does not matter to many US citizens .
But the anti-immigrant vitriol of the 1990 's , which pushed California 's legislature to impose the ban , remains strong , and not even the immigrant Terminator can muster the courage to fight it .
Instead , Schwarzenegger , like other Americans , makes laws in the belief that nine million undocumented workers do not matter .
Like them or not , Carter and Reagan offered sharp contrasts in how they dealt with Latin America .
Clinton -- although now opposed &#45; &#45; waffled earlier and McCain would charge ahead to sign on the bottom line . But , alas , this is only one trade agreement , not a vision .
They are not alone in doing so , for across Asia , a new security architecture is being constructed , seemingly piecemeal .
How Asia 's geopolitical landscape will evolve over the coming decades is not easy to foresee .
A second scenario is that the US remains Asia 's principal security anchor , with or without a third possibility : the emergence of a constellation of Asian states with common interests working together to ensure that Asia is not unipolar . Finally , Asia could come to be characterized by several resurgent powers , including Japan , India , Vietnam , Indonesia , and a reunified Korea .
After all , genuine leadership can not come from raw power , but only from other states ' consent or tacit acceptance .
In other words , China does not have the capability to rout any rival militarily , let alone enforce its will on Asia .
The US and its allies won the Cold War , for example , not so much by military means as by spreading the ideas of political freedom and market capitalism to other regions .
By signaling that the present China-North Korea border may not be final , Beijing has raised the specter of potential tensions over frontiers in the future .
In fact , the largest real estate China covets is not in the South or East China Seas : India 's Arunachal Pradesh is almost three times larger than Taiwan .
By picking territorial fights with its neighbors , China is not only reinforcing old rivalries , but is also threatening Asia 's continued economic renaissance -- showing that it is not a credible candidate to lead Asia .
Such cooperation reflects a quiet desire to influence China 's behavior positively , so that it does not cross well-defined red lines or go against the self-touted gospel of its `` peaceful rise . ''
Japan plus Russia plus India , with the US lending a helpful hand , would not only extinguish any prospect of a Sino-centric Asia , but would create the ultimate strategic nightmare for China .
And that is largely the result of Obama 's botched strategy , whose twin troop surges were designed not to rout the Taliban militarily , but to strike a political deal with them from a position of strength .
But renaming it a `` struggle '' or a `` strategic challenge '' has not changed the grim realities on the ground .
Afghanistan is not Vietnam .
A withdrawal of US and other NATO troops will not mean the end of the war , because the enemy will continue to target Western interests , wherever they may be .
With control of the Rumtek monastery embroiled in rival lawsuits , the New Delhi-based Karmapa has , not surprisingly , greeted the recent cash seizure as `` exposing '' his Chinese-appointed rival .
Significantly , in contrast to its increasingly vituperative attacks on the Dalai Lama , China has not denounced -LRB- or derecognized -RRB- its Karmapa , although his flight to India signaled its failure to retain the loyalty of a supposed puppet .
In 1992 , Hurricane Andrew caused significant damage at the Turkey Point nuclear-power plant on Biscayne Bay , Florida , but , fortunately , not to any critical systems .
Because reactors located inland put serious strain on local freshwater resources -- including greater damage to plant life and fish -- water-stressed countries that are not landlocked try to find suitable seashore sites .
Nuclear plants located by the sea do not face similar problems in hot conditions , because ocean waters do not heat up anywhere near as rapidly as rivers or lakes .
Fukushima is likely to stunt the appeal of nuclear power in a way similar to the accident at the Three Mile Island plant in Pennsylvania in 1979 , not to mention the far more severe meltdown of the Chernobyl reactor in 1986 .
Yet today 's heady talk of freedom can not obscure the reality that the people 's `` revolution '' has so far led only to a direct military takeover , with the decades-old emergency law still in force and the country 's political direction uncertain .
After all , the broadening of the NATO-led mission from a limited , humanitarian goal to an all-out assault on Libya 's military signals to some Arabs that this war is really about ensuring that the region does not slip out of Western control .
The intervention has seemingly been driven by a geopolitical imperative to bottle up or eliminate Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi so that his regime can not exploit the political vacuum in neighboring Egypt and Tunisia .
While it is now clear that much of the Arab world is in transition , the end point is not yet clear .
Once again , we see that the real terrorist sanctuaries are located not along Pakistan 's borders with Afghanistan and India , but in the Pakistani heartland .
This , in turn , underlines another fundamental reality -- that the fight against international terrorism can not be won without demilitarizing and de-radicalizing Pakistan , including by rebalancing civil-military relations there and reining in the country 's rogue Inter-Services Intelligence agency .
Even in Afghanistan , the US military 's main foe is not Al Qaeda but a resurgent Taliban , which enjoys safe haven in Pakistan .
Yet , by passing the blame for their ongoing terrorist-proxy policy to their mullah puppets , the generals have made the US believe that the key is to contain the religious fringe , not the puppeteers .
In fact , Pakistan 's descent into a jihadist dungeon occurred not under civilian rule , but under two military dictators -- one who nurtured and let loose jihadist forces , and another who took his country to the very edge of the precipice .
For example , Zhang Guangqin , Deputy Director of the Chinese State Commission for Science , Technology , and Industry for National Defense , said in 2005 that the Varyag was not being modified for military use .
After Pakistan revealed the plans for a naval base , China responded with equivocation , saying that `` this issue was not touched upon '' during the visit .
Moreover , China does not wish to deepen the concerns that it aroused in Asia last year by openly discarding Deng Xiaoping 's dictum , tao guang yang hui -LRB- `` conceal ambitions and hide claws '' -RRB- .
The Global Times , however , has not been shy about advertising China 's interest in establishing naval bases overseas .
In fact , with a second and larger aircraft carrier currently under construction , it may not be long before China displays its naval capabilities by dispatching a carrier battle group to the Indian Ocean -- if not basing one at Gwadar .
Let 's be clear : America 's Afghan war is not winnable , even though Obama has redefined American goals from defeating the Taliban to preventing Al Qaeda from using Afghanistan as a base to launch attacks on the United States .
To defeat Al Qaeda , the US does n't need a troop buildup -- certainly not in Afghanistan .
Had Obama 's goal been to rout the Taliban , a further military surge may have made sense , because a resurgent Taliban can be defeated only through major ground operations , not by airstrikes and covert action alone .
But if the US administration 's principal war target is not the Taliban but Al Qaeda remnants , why use a troop-intensive strategy based on protecting population centers to win grassroots support ?
The threat of an Islamist takeover of Pakistan comes not from the Taliban , but from groups that have long drawn support from the Pakistani army as part of a long-standing military-mullah alliance .
Whereas riparian neighbors in Southeast and South Asia are bound by water pacts that they have negotiated between themselves , China does not have a single water treaty with any co-riparian country .
Indeed , having its cake and eating it , China is a dialogue partner but not a member of the Mekong River Commission , underscoring its intent not to abide by the Mekong basin community 's rules or take on any legal obligations .
Although China publicly favors bilateral initiatives over multilateral institutions in addressing water issues , it has not shown any real enthusiasm for meaningful bilateral action .
These are not agreements to cooperate on shared resources , but rather commercial accords to sell hydrological data that other upstream countries provide free to downriver states .
If not for the Cold War 's end , the West would not have let China off the hook over those killings .
Indeed , China 's phenomenal economic success -- illustrated by its world-beating trade surplus , world 's largest foreign-currency reserves , and highest steel production -- owes a lot to the West 's decision not to sustain trade sanctions after the Tiananmen Square massacre .
Of course , not all post-1989 developments were positive .
But , while the overthrow of totalitarian or autocratic regimes shifted the global balance of power in favor of the forces of democracy , not all the pro-democracy movements succeeded .
After all , not only is Asia becoming the pivot of global geopolitical change , but Asian challenges are also playing into international strategic challenges .
But , just when America 's Sino-centric Asia policy became noticeable , Japan put the US on notice that it can not indefinitely remain a faithful servant of American policies . Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's government is seeking to realign foreign policy and rework a 2006 deal for the basing of US military personnel on Okinawa .
While the European community was built among democracies , the political systems in Asia are so varied -- and some so opaque -- that building inter-state trust is not easy .
And , like ocean piracy and airplane hijacking , cyber-crime can not be allowed to go unpunished if we are to safeguard our common assets and collective interests .
The strategy of using market forces and the Internet to open up a closed political system simply is not working . Indeed , the more economic power China has accumulated , the more adept it has become in extending censorship to cyberspace .
To be sure , if a cyber attack is camouflaged , it is not easy to identify the country from which it originated .
If not , cyberspace will become the new global-commons battlefield .
Against that background , China 's growing assertiveness may not surprise many .
Today , China is not shy about showcasing its military capabilities and asserting itself on multiple fronts .
Today , the US can not adopt the same approach with China , largely because China is also a military and political power , and the US depends on Chinese support on a host of international issues -- from North Korea and Burma to Iran and Pakistan .
Without the military security that Mao created , it might not have been possible for China to build economic power on the scale that it has .
Chinese companies can not get thousands of prisoners released on their own , let alone secure passports and exit permits for them .
In China , the government is not elected , so winning more votes is not part of the calculation , and returning money to the people is never the choice .
This partly explains not only why democracies such as India and Brazil lag behind China in infrastructure , but also why China is focusing its new stimulus package on transport systems -LRB- railroad projects alone will receive more than half of the $ 586 billion stimulus -RRB- .
In a non-democracy , officials are held accountable to their superiors , not to voters .
When most households own no productive assets , they can not share any of the asset appreciation or property income .
But wages have grown at a far slower pace than GDP . No wonder domestic consumption can not grow in a manner commensurate with GDP .
They can not transform China 's export - and investment-oriented political-economic system .
Much of what has been reported is not `` news '' in the traditional sense , of course , but a series of embarrassing gaffes : truths that were never meant to be said aloud .
In place of candid assessments and provocative analysis , many important decisions will now be based on oral briefings and meetings that are not recorded in minutes .
Facing re-election and preoccupied with Iraq , President Bush can not afford a crisis in the Far East .
But President Bush is not alone in facing democratic pressures .
Whereas a referendum serves as an election gimmick , it is nonetheless a normal democratic tool almost everywhere , and the strategy would not have caused the stir that it has if the Taiwanese public did not seem to back it .
While smaller Taiwan should be careful not to provoke its giant neighbor , China must come to terms with the workings of a functioning democracy .
To allay China 's fury over his private trip to Taiwan this summer before becoming Singapore 's prime minister , Lee Hsien Loong said that his country will not support Taiwan should it declare formal independence from mainland China .
Hu told Bush that the Taiwan issue was `` very sensitive , '' and that China would `` absolutely not tolerate Taiwan independence . ''
Indeed , that anomaly , if not rectified , is increasingly dangerous .
Although opinion polls indicate that a majority still supports the status quo , many are beginning to believe that if the country 's official name , the Republic of China , is not acceptable to the international community , then another name might be .
Polar bears , which pile on fat to survive hibernation and yet do not become diabetic , may also hold clues for treating Type II diabetes , a disease associated with obesity that afflicts more than 190 million people worldwide , reaching epidemic proportions in many countries .
This could have led to new insights into preventing and treating peptic ulcers , but studies could not be continued : both species of Rheobatrachus are now extinct .
This has not happened .
In other words , renewable energy ca n't be relied upon to provide power 24 hours a day , seven days a week : wind does n't always spin the turbines on the hill , the sun can not shine on solar power stations at night , and even hydroelectricity can run short if the rains do n't come .
They are not aware of their legal rights .
The young worker does not learn how to play , or how to read and write ; worse , he smokes and , in the Caribbean , he drinks cane rum to keep going , as he does n't have enough to eat .
Since laws are not the answer to child labor , many experts propose compulsory education as a means to curb it .
A recent study by UNESCO shows that in developing countries up to 60 % of children do not complete primary school .
Undoubtedly , at the forthcoming summit between the leaders of the two countries , India 's Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee will not miss any opportunity to ask the same question of his Pakistani counterpart .
Obviously , Pakistani Prime Minister Mir Zafarulla Khan Jamali will be able to offer no satisfactory answer to this question -- not when he has to go home and report to his boss , the General-turned-President Pervez Musharraf .
So the window of opportunity to talk and compromise may be open only briefly , and , unfortunately , we have probably not seen the end of nuclear brinkmanship .
But the danger in a weakened democracy is not merely blocked legislation and ineffective government .
This means that governments are judged not by their ability to outmaneuver legislatures , but by the quality of their policies .
Abraham Lincoln was right : a house divided against itself can not stand .
Modern growth came not from better incentives , but from the creation of a new economic culture in societies like England and Scotland .
To get poor societies to grow , we need to change their cultures , not just their institutions and associated incentives , and that requires exposing more people in these societies to life in advanced economies .
Yet India 's textile industry could not compete against Britain 's , even though British wages were five times higher .
Incentives alone could not produce growth .
Thus the crucial determinants of wealth and poverty are not differences in incentives , but differences in how people respond to them .
Legal responsibility should not be much harder to disentangle .
Nevertheless , this does not raise a new ethical problem .
For example , many in the deaf community have rejected cochlear implants , because they do not regard deafness as a disability that needs to be corrected , but as a part of their life and cultural identity .
We should take such concerns seriously , but they should not prevent further research on brain-machine interfaces .
Brain technologies should be presented as one option , but not the only solution , for , say , paralysis or deafness .
Most European countries , and the European Union as a whole , however , have not matched this commitment by offering their own incentives for peace and consequences for war .
Clearly , the question is not whether universal education is affordable , but whether America and the world can afford to neglect the political , economic , social , and health benefits of educating the roughly 380 million children around the globe who currently do not attend school .
But this right is unrealized for the 28 % of the world 's school-age children who are not enrolled in school .
Moreover , enrollment does not necessarily mean attendance , attendance does not necessarily mean education , and education does not necessarily mean good education .
Based on a five-year project that we led at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , we believe that the UPE goal is not ambitious enough : the world should aim for , and can achieve , high-quality , universal secondary education , as well as universal primary education .
These funds would at best ameliorate -- not eliminate -- prevailing global disparities in educational access and quality .
Though more money is essential , it is not sufficient .
Busy with domestic political affairs , they do not hesitate to use Europe as a scapegoat to avoid breaking bad news to their fellow citizens .
Fortunately , openly anti-European political programs are not the norm , at least not yet .
The Treaty will be essential not only to the proper functioning of Europe 's institutions , but also to their further `` deepening '' -- something that many call for without necessarily really wanting to achieve .
While such ideas are not for everyone , certain Continental countries secretly prefer Britain 's disjointed scenarios , with some heads of governments even considering their countries ' commitments reversible .
Indeed , he may not even object to ruining the EU 's entire legislative engine by granting national parliaments a veto .
Mindanao is not Cambodia or Lebanon , but the essential dilemma is the same .
Like the Palestinians , however , the MILF is riven by factions , and its leaders can not , or will not , exclude terrorists from areas that they control .
While Japanese warships ' logistical support during the recent Afghan conflict was a no-risk operation , that may not be true of the SDF 's latest venture -- participation in reconstruction in `` pacified zones '' in Iraq .
Similarly , a 6,000-man commando unit will be recruited not only to confront outbreaks of domestic terrorism , but also to provide the air-landed component for the new ship-based helicopter squadrons .
The main reason some women -- and even more men -- are more likely to vote for a McCain-Palin combination is not because of Palin 's gender , but because her presence on the ticket reassures social conservatives of McCain 's willingness to accommodate their agenda .
Many of us , despite our great respect for the US , react against phrases like `` Axis of Evil '' not because the countries listed do not present serious challenges , but because of the difficulties that follow from mixing foreign policy and morality .
`` Evil '' is a religious term , not a foreign policy principle .
You can not do business with the Great Satan .
In such a world , interests must come first , because we can not negotiate about values .
Genocide can not be defended on the grounds of pluralism .
Second , although an `` amoral '' international system may be necessary to support pluralism , an individual country 's foreign policy need not be value-free .
We have choices to make about all our policies , and these choices are not morally indifferent .
Poland and Czechoslovakia reacted differently to the Nazi threat not because their interests were different , but because their people were different .
Some argue that insisting on amoral diplomatic language is no longer necessary , because human rights are more or less universally accepted , if not always observed .
Globalisation has brought increasing acceptance of common rules and legal norms , but this is not the same thing as universal acceptance of human rights .
In countries where order may break down at any moment , it may not be better -- as it is in stable , well ordered countries -- to let ten guilty men go free rather than punish one innocent man wrongly .
No matter how inconsistent such attitudes appear to be , they remain widespread and can not be overlooked , because they suggest that people here conceive of NATO as a protective umbrella , not something to which they must contribute .
Romania 's security problems are not external , but internal , for the enemies of Romania establishing a stable , democratic-liberal government are the Romanian people themselves .
Of course , NATO can not safeguard democracy alone and it is no panacea for our many social and political illnesses ; yet it can act -LRB- and has already done so during the process of admission -RRB- as an incentive for governments and parties to behave responsibly and to abide by the rule of law .
So , it is not joining NATO the military alliance that will benefit Romania .
`` We must see to it that the pig -- this animal that we , the Romanian nation , can not afford to live without -- is not wiped out . ''
Of course , we have lots of problems that the EU wants to see resolved : unfettered corruption , poor public administration , a justice system that makes a mockery of impartiality , and an economy which , despite some progress , has not yet been declared a `` functioning market '' by the European Commission .
Indeed , most people can not afford proper medication , and hospitals suffer from gross under-funding .
So it seems to most Romanians not only preposterous , but immoral , for the EU to care so much for a pig 's last moments of life when it seems to care so little for the everyday life of ordinary Romanians .
If Romania 's peasants come to believe that the EU insists that they hug their pigs , not butcher them with knives , their fidelity towards the social democrats will wither .
If Tudor were a mere political clown , the question of whether or not he still hates Jews would not matter .
The violence of Tudor 's rhetoric , directed against everybody who opposed him , rose to heights not seen since the Fascist era .
`` The Jews '' were not his enemies any more , he said ; they were even working for him .
In fact , Tudor 's strategy may work , because the ex-communist PDSR , led by President Ion Iliescu and Prime Minister Adrian Nastase , will probably not oppose such an alliance if it is necessary to give them a majority after November 's general election .
But saying that publicly wo n't work anymore , not because Romanians do not think this way -LRB- many certainly do -RRB- , but because the political class from left to right wants to be part of Europe and wo n't associate with anyone who puts that desire at risk .
Not to help us , of course -- at least not to help the city that contains armies of feral dogs , making it appear at times like a ghost town in a Sergio Leone cowboy movie .
Middle-aged , greying , Bardot arrived in Bucharest not to remind men , high and low , of her charms but to prevent what she called a `` canine genocide . ''
Those not adopted would share the fate of the sick and old .
Ionesco was no moralist , but even he would not deny one moral to be drawn from this story : when societies avoid taking necessary measures , things only get worse .
Vast social problems demand an entire community 's commitment , not just resolution from above .
Of course , you can not `` adopt '' abandoned factories or the unemployed masses in the way that dogs can be adopted .
Awaiting that restructuring , financial institutions could not perform as usual , which impeded financial intermediation and called into question plans , relations , and contracts -- such as corporate and residential investment or refinancing .
Construction workers can not become software developers overnight .
Automobile companies can not adjust immediately to a change in consumer preferences regarding what type of cars they want to purchase , or how frequently . Would-be financiers can not adjust to these plans overnight .
It will be difficult , but not impossible , to re-establish confidence in the central government . Putting major drug traffickers behind bars at the new maximum-security prison at Pul-i-Charki , near Kabul , would be a good start .
Of course , Afghanistan does not bear sole responsibility for its plight .
The heroin trade would not be booming if Western governments were serious about combating drug consumption .
Forced eradication risks pushing farmers into the hands of extremists , and thus will not lead to the sustainable reduction of opium fields . Indeed , as we have seen in some Andean countries , it can be counter-productive .
The fundamental problem in Iraq is not jobs .
In contrast to the Mexican , Chinese , or Russian revolutions , economic disenfranchisement is not driving the current conflict .
This is a struggle for power , not for economic justice or a better life .
Suicide bombers and death squads are not seeking shorter working hours , higher salaries , or better pension plans .
But the EU should not rejoice at this seeming triumph over American `` big business . '' Instead , it should ponder if its policies actually make Europe hospitable for innovating enterprises .
Indeed , high-tech companies like Microsoft and Intel are particularly unsuitable targets for antitrust policing , because regulators can not possibly move at the speed of ` Internet time . '
The only beneficiaries of government officials ' telling Microsoft how to make computer software are Microsoft 's competitors &#45; &#45; and not competition .
Even if Microsoft on occasion may have engaged in some sharp competitive practices , the EU 's competition authorities have not been content with slapping its wrists , but got involved in deeply intrusive remedies , including the unbundling of a media player from Microsoft 's operating system and mandating disclosure of industrial secrets embodied in Microsoft 's server software .
The Commission is thus establishing itself as a friendly venue for businesses that can not overcome competitors in the market , and seek a second chance in court .
It is the less efficient competitors , and not consumers , that are the most likely to benefit from punishing Intel for lowering its prices .
Reforms are needed if Europe really wants to become a competitive , knowledge-based economy , and not merely the most regulated one .
Imposing billions of dollars of fines on the most conspicuous wealth creators is not the way to go .
Europe needs to make the likes of Microsoft and Intel feel at home in Brussels , Paris , or Berlin , not to become a political market leader in supplying sympathetic verdicts to market losers .
Many toxic substances are released into the environment , even some that are not toxic but nonetheless are highly damaging -- for example , the chlorofluorocarbons that caused the Antarctic ozone hole -LRB- and which are now regulated -RRB- .
If it had turned out that chlorine behaved chemically like bromine , the ozone hole would by then have been a global , year-round phenomenon , not just an event of the Antarctic spring .
More by luck than by wisdom , this catastrophic situation did not develop .
But Serbia 's authorities , facing economic turmoil , can not harbor him much longer if the United States and the European Union exert adequate pressure .
They can not function beyond a certain level of mutual distrust or a sense on the part of some members that other members have abandoned them .
They can not afford to switch off any of these engines and hope to maintain a political community .
Well , we can no longer have a civil religion -- not one based on God , nor on laïcité and the rights of man , nor , indeed , on any particular view .
The China-US Climate Duet BEIJING -- Without active collaboration between the United States and China , not only will the odds for successful negotiations in Copenhagen this December to secure a successor treaty to the Kyoto Protocol be diminished , but it will be unlikely that any meaningful remedy will be found in time to arrest rising global temperatures .
Responsibility for this transformation lies irrevocably with China and the US , not only because they are the world 's biggest emitters , but also because only they have the capacity to invest enough in clean-tech R&D , provide a large enough labor force , and support a large enough change in global policy .
So the future of the world 's climate rests not just on their shoulders individually , but on their ability to work together .
It did sign the Kyoto agreement , albeit as an `` Annex I state , '' meaning that it did not commit to any defined limits on carbon emissions .
But this does not mean that agreement is in the offing .
BEIJING -- Whatever the effects of political turmoil in Thailand , they are not helping the cause of democracy in China .
It is not hard to imagine a Chinese-style red-shirt rebellion , with populist leaders tapping resentment and hot-headed youth torching symbols of power and privilege in Beijing .
That requires more representation by farmers and workers in the National People 's Congress and sub-national legislative organs , more freedom for public-spirited journalists to investigate cases of social injustice , and more freedom for civic organizations to act on behalf of the environment and those who do not benefit from economic reform .
But not everybody will emerge with an equal ability to make informed moral and political judgments .
Confucians do not oppose electoral democracy , but they argue that it must be constrained by meritocratically selected political leaders who look after the interests of non-voters .
In practice , it means a more open and representative political system , but not necessarily multi-party politics .
Ethiopia 's New Climate of Fear Vienna -- The European Union , the United States , and other major donors will pump about $ 2.5 billion into Ethiopia this year , a sum that does not even begin to include the cost of medicines , famine relief , and countless other services provided by non-profit groups in one of the world 's most impoverished countries .
So desperate is Ethiopia that celebrity causes -- from Bob Geldoff 's Live Aid famine-relief concerts to Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 's adoption of orphaned babies -- supplement what donors can not possibly provide .
Leading journalists have been assaulted , the culprits never found . `` There is only fear , not freedom , of expression in Ethiopia , '' says one leading journalist .
Ethiopia 's journalists are not entirely innocent .
There has not been total silence .
· While the Development Assistance Group , created by the EU and other principal donors to coordinate aid projects in Ethiopia , has improved the efficiency of donor contributions , a vigorous monitoring component is needed to ensure that international resources do not support policies that are anathema to human rights values ;
Press freedom is a start , not just because it is a fundamental human right , but also because vigorous media are essential to keeping societies alert to the kinds of crises that are all too common in Ethiopia .
Whatever happens at the end of the day , the debate about a possible war with Iraq has brought to the surface fundamental issues on which no agreement exists , even among friends , but which will not go away and can not be ignored .
Indeed , if they are not resolved among those who cherish liberty , the price will be high .
Yet traditional power has not gone away , and it is something more than the size of populations or their gross domestic products .
The eventual victory of democracy in 1945 came at a terrible price , and would not have come at all without American intervention .
To be sure , this is not the last word on the subject .
The first is that democracies can not go to war without at least the tacit consent of their peoples .
Talk about `` regime change '' is not enough .
No doubt , the differences that now exist between America and Europe are profound , and are not confined to a temporary cooling of German-American relations or to a half-serious exchange of invectives about `` gun-slinging America '' and `` old Europe . ''
Even the common currency has so far not really caught on ; it is useful , but somehow `` foreign . ''
Economic union has benefited many ; but it is not the type of driving force that inspires .
Fortunately , such populism -- for it is just that -- is not ubiquitous .
Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar of Spain is not far behind Blair in showing the courage of his convictions .
The most flagrant absence of leadership on display today , in the name of following the apparent majority view of the people , is that of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder in Germany . He not only probably won his last election by openly opposing military action in Iraq , but he continues to behave as if he were heading a peace march rather than a country .
When Adenauer took Germany firmly into the Western alliance , he was not only opposed in parliament -LRB- by the Social Democrats -RRB- , but also by a popular majority that thought his policy would make reunification with Soviet-controlled East Germany impossible .
Mikhail Gorbachev did not , but he remains a prophet without honor in Russia for the policies of glasnost and perestroika that led to the demise of the Soviet Union and the rise of democratic Russia .
There is a point in all these cases that can not be overlooked . Each political leader espoused ideas , policies , or principles that were far ahead of their peoples .
In a sense , this is the definition of true leadership : to take a country and its people to a better future which is not yet clear to most but that has been partly discovered and partly created by those in power who hold an unerring sense of direction .
However , other scenarios loom , not so much of defeat as of confusion and the impossibility of creating sustainable peace .
But what is at stake in the Iraq debate is not so much a vision of the future as a moral principle .
Such leaders risk a great deal -- and not just for themselves .
In Eastern Europe , the old leaders initially disappeared from the scene , but not for long .
Those who could not lift their eyes from the horrors of the past made less progress .
To be sure , elections are important ; but by themselves they do not solve problems .
Judges must not only be honest , but must be seen to be so and , as such , trusted .
Few American Presidents have been supported by much more than 10 % of eligible voters : half of the US 's eligible voters , indeed , are not even registered to vote ; of those who are registered , half do not vote ; of those who do vote , less than half vote for the winning candidate .
Ideological party platforms have lost their force ; voters do not accept the specific bundles offered by parties but want to pick and choose .
This increases the public 's suspicion of political parties , not least because -- like all professional sports -- playing the game is expensive .
But if parties are not state-supported , they must find funds through channels that are often dubious , when not illegal .
Democracy needs time , not just for elections , but for deliberation and the exercise of checks and balances .
The consumer-voter , however , will not accept this and therefore turns away .
But lasting connections between leaders and governed can not be created by reducing public debate to simple referendum alternatives .
New parties may arise and breathe more life into elections and representative government . But this will probably not be enough to restore the popular legitimacy that elected governments have lost .
Squaring the circle of justice and growth was a necessary idea but not one that could ever inspire widespread enthusiasm and popular support .
She began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not .
The opposition , still smarting from its narrow defeat in last autumn 's election , accuses him of not having told the truth about Germany 's weak economy and the consequences for the national budget .
But it does not look as if it can get very far .
At most , deputies will be able to offer the public a fresh example of a favorite trick in politics : to tell the truth was told and nothing but the truth , but not exactly the whole truth .
Does it matter whether this claim was strictly true or not ?
Are not the reasons for the war overtaken by its reality ?
In the British case , the answer is not so simple .
Indeed , he has gone on the counter-attack , notably against the BBC , which had not exactly supported the war with enthusiasm .
Judges are experts in complexity which can not be said of parliamentarians nor even of the executive .
Politicians clearly do not like this shift in power toward the judiciary .
If they are personally affected , like Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , they do not actually attack the power of the judiciary , but question judges ' independence .
But the debate about possibly biased Italian or Spanish or Belgian judges in highly sensitive cases detracts from the deeper question of whether the increase in the powers of the judiciary may not have gone too far .
That project has still not been completed , but the missing bits are a continuing process , not a new idea .
In fact , Blair is reportedly not very interested in these changes , but it is they-not some beacon of British prosperity and social justice-that are his lasting legacy .
Other European leaders could be added to the list , not least Prime Minister Berlusconi of Italy .
In a globalized world environment , the question of who is responsible for what has become as opaque-if not unanswerable-as it is urgent .
Such enthusiasm did not last long .
I can still feel , with shame , the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country .
Those who could left the Soviet zone and settled in the West ; those who could not faced the sullen existence of subjects rather than citizens .
Western Germany 's occupation forces not only set an example of how this vision could be achieved , but found the right people and the right institutions to bring about reconstruction and progress .
In practice however , one can not help wondering whether the German experience resulted from a unique set of circumstances , or at any rate one not easily reproduced under the vastly different conditions of today 's Iraq .
Surely not a wall ?
An Israeli friend , a `` Peace Now '' activist , replied to my question with his own : `` Do you realize that not one suicide bomber entered Israel from the Gaza Strip ? ''
Why not ?
Things , of course , are not that simple .
Having said that , it is striking that a man of liberal values such as my `` Peace Now '' friend should advocate the physical separation of groups as the road - perhaps the only road - to peace . Things , of course , are not that simple .
Ultimately , the liberal dream saw a blurring of lines of difference not only by common living spaces but also by intermarriage .
It does not make a lot of difference whether my neighbor makes , sells , repairs or uses computers .
However , where differences can not easily be blurred - those of religion , ethnic and cultural origin , color - common citizenship has not achieved the unity of diversity so many have dreamed about .
Elsewhere , even in the most civilised countries , the same process may not be as visible but is equally prevalent .
The Turks of Berlin , the Bangladeshis of Bradford , the North Africans of the suburbs of Paris have not blended into the surrounding societies .
Why do equal citizenship rights not achieve their purpose ?
In many cases , people may not have tried hard enough .
For those who have not abandoned hope for the eventual victory of enlightened values but who nonetheless see things as they are in the real world , a version of `` separate but equal '' may provide at least an interim answer .
So far as separateness is concerned , it should not be explicitly promoted unless a fence seems to be the only hope of peace .
But Popper 's definition of democracy does not help when it comes to a question that has become topical in many parts of the world : what if those removed from power believe in democracy , whereas those who replace them do not ?
The mere thought of such examples leads to the clear conclusion that democracy is not just about elections .
When Hitler came to power in January 1933 , many if not most German democrats thought : `` Let him !
He will soon be exposed for what he is and above all for what he is not . ''
The rule of law is not the same as democracy , nor does one necessarily guarantee the other .
The rule of law is the acceptance that laws given not by some supreme authority , but by the citizenry , govern all - those in power , those in opposition , and those outside the power game .
`` Thatcherism '' was not really much of an ideology ; it was more a gut reaction to the stagnant 1970 's , an attempt to loosen the bureaucratic straitjacket of the state and to reveal that not everything that arose from state benevolence was good .
Soon it emerged that not all its apparent supporters actually supported it ; when Chancellor Schroeder 's proposed reforms caused squeals within his own party , he quickly dropped much of the Third Way program like a hot potato .
Aznar was not the only conservative to replace a socialist government in the Mediterranean world , and the recent defeat of the socialists in Greece is unlikely to be the last .
All this does not augur a new change of direction in Europe .
If Schroeder gave way to the Christian Democrats , indeed even if President Bush lost to his Democrat challenger , this would not imply the dawn of a new age .
This would truly be the end of ideology at last , were it not for the new challenges arising from the temptations of various kinds of fundamentalism .
Is not freedom enough ?
Looking around the world in 2004 , you begin to understand Popper 's motive : freedom always means living with risk , but without security , risk means only threats , not opportunities .
Things in Iraq may not be as bad as the daily news of bomb attacks make events there sound ; but it is clear that there will be no lasting progress towards a liberal order in that country without basic security .
Gradually , awareness is setting in that global warming is not just a gloom and doom fantasy .
Security must not become a pretext for the suspending and destroying the liberal order .
It is not necessary for us to wait for great catastrophes to occur if we can see them coming .
Holland does not have to sink into the North Sea before we do something about the world 's climate ; pensions do not have to decline to near-zero before social policies are adjusted .
Such islands are not sheltered and protected spaces , but models for others .
It is global , technologically sophisticated , but , above all , it is not about an achievable political objective .
It is not aimed at creating a united -LRB- Catholic -RRB- Ireland , an independent Basque country , or even a Palestinian state , but at a particular worldview and those who represent it .
It does not offer an alternative view of the modern world other than the implicit claim that modernity is neither necessary nor desirable .
In this they are not entirely dissimilar from the totalitarian leaders of fascist movements , who likewise built on popular frustration to pursue an essentially destructive purpose in the name of anti-modern beliefs and promises .
They are present in highly developed countries , but above all in entire regions of the world that are suspended between a yesterday that no longer exists and a tomorrow that has not yet come into being .
Given a globalized movement of fury , this is not simple .
It requires measures that do not come easily to citizens , groups , and authorities steeped in a tradition of liberalism and tolerance .
This challenge can not really be met by simply promising unlimited opportunities , as they uniquely exist in America .
People who are suspended between a lost past and a future not yet gained need help .
Such assistance will not yield immediate results , but awareness of the medium term - which means readiness to face it by delaying immediate gratification - is also a sign of a liberal order .
Thus , fighting Al Qaeda is not a war .
Hardly a day goes by on which we do not hear of a government minister somewhere resigning his or her office .
More interestingly still : why do some not resign although there seem to be compelling reasons for some to do so ?
On the contrary , they not only support these policies but stubbornly defend even their aberrations , like the mistreatment of prisoners of war .
These ministers institute investigations , they move generals sideways or even into premature retirement , they haul perpetrators before military tribunals ; but they apparently see no reason to respond to those members of Congress or Parliament , let alone of the public , who wonder whether it is not time for the ministers themselves to go .
One would like to think not .
Because they alone are directly accountable , it is not enough for a minister to point to and name the miscreants in any particular case .
Civil servants can not defend themselves in the same way ; they have to be defended by their ministers .
It is proper to assume that Secretary Rumsfeld did not condone , let alone order , the abuse of Iraqi prisoners .
He can not escape this responsibility even if the perpetrators are identified and prosecuted .
Such a step not only demonstrates that the minister in question is fully aware of the burden of his responsibility , but also that he puts the integrity of democratic institutions above his personal interest , let alone the electoral prospects of those whom he served .
If we want to persuade others to subscribe to it , we do well to demonstrate that we not only believe in elections and majorities but also in the virtues of responsibility and honor .
The African boat people in the Mediterranean are often not even sure whether they want to be in Italy , Germany , or Britain .
Even those who are certain , like North Africans in Spain and France , or Turks in Germany , had as their priority escaping the hopelessness of their home countries , not arriving at a particular destination .
The `` salad bowl '' of so-called multiculturalism is no real alternative , because it does not provide the necessary glue that binds communities together .
But it can not be had for nothing .
Living in London , I marvel at the way in which we Londoners have come to terms with Indian family shops and West Indian-run public transport , while not asking many questions about whole districts that are Bangladeshi or Chinese .
This is clearly easier in London and New York than it is in smaller towns or even in the capitals of countries where the world language of English is not spoken .
Where this happens , an explosive condition can arise , a kind of separatism within , not by historically separate groups but by newcomers against natives .
Both Bush and Blair want to leave Iraq , if not with a victory , then at least with some sense of `` mission accomplished . ''
While that scenario is simple , reality is not .
The probability of Iraqi elections being held this coming January must be lower than 50 % , and we can be certain that these will not be free and fair elections throughout the entire country .
The answer need not be all despair .
After all , it might be the case that national elections in a place groping for a democratic future are not the best first step on the road to a liberal order .
Elections , in such a case , may not even be wise at all - indeed , they may prove to be counterproductive .
History suggests that elections do not create democracies .
Thus , they are not the first step in the process of democratisation , but the last step in a preparatory phase in which at least two conditions have been created .
In `` tribal '' societies , this is not easy to bring about .
But peace and quiet based on tanks and the threat of air strikes can not be enough .
Security requires not just troops , but laws and their enforcement .
Perhaps what Iraq needs most is not a ballot box , but an Atatürk .
But WMD were not the only motive for war .
Mixed motives are not necessarily bad motives .
Historical precedents played a part in the Iraq decision , not least because President Bush 's national security adviser , Condoleezza Rice , cited them often .
To be sure , the Allies did not enter that war to bring democracy to Germany . In any case , Germany started the war .
Of course , communism 's collapse was not the result of a pre-emptive strike by the West -LRB- though the arms race helped drive the system to implosion -RRB- .
After 1989 , however , Western assistance , not least by the US and Britain , eased the transition to democracy , the rule of law , and market economies in most post-communist countries .
So why does this not seem to work in Iraq ?
Of course , the bombing of Dresden in 1945 was not exactly peaceful .
It is the greatest single weakness of the US forces that in 2004 -- contrary to 1945 -- they do not have the capacity to stop the bombing , get out of their tanks , and encourage indigenous democratic development from the bottom up .
If there are elections in Iraq in January -- and this is a very big `` if '' -- they may not resolve much .
Missiles and tanks alone can not bring democracy , but coupled with the civil power of sensitive help for the defeated , democracy can be adapted to Iraq and the rest of the Middle East .
Americans may not want their soldiers and military hardware in dozens , if not hundreds , of places around the world , but they accept a president who offers simple -- often martial -- certainties .
`` That is not a European problem , '' the Americans responded .
It not only has considerable dollar reserves , but has also become the manufacturing capital of the world .
But the trend will not be stopped .
Enlargement was not only a triumph for democracy and the rule of law in the postcommunist countries to the west of Russia , but it is also an indication of the magnetism of the EU , and thus of its soft power .
Yet one can not help agreeing with Chancellor Schmidt when he sees Europe 's future shrouded in uncertainty .
Pathetic attempts to go it alone have not made Europe stronger , and anti-Americanism harms Europe more than the US .
It is vital to remember that elections alone do not guarantee legitimacy , even if they are seen to be free and fair .
First , turnout is crucial : who has voted and who has not .
In Iraq , a technical majority in a wholly legal election is almost meaningless if the position of Sunni Muslims and Kurds is not explicitly recognized .
In particular , we assume an essentially homogenous electorate , so that even a low turnout does not involve any disadvantage for particular ethnic or cultural groups .
We should remember this as we pursue the elusive objective of democracy in Iraq , so that we are not surprised if the upcoming election fails to generate a legitimate government .
Actually he himself did not like the identification of his church with civil society .
In a conversation he protested : `` No , the Church is not civil society , it is sacred society . ''
This meant that his image if not his words reached out to millions who do not belong to his church .
On the other side of the balance sheet , and despite his global outreach , Pope John Paul II can not be described as particularly ecumenical .
The beginnings of Christian ecumenicism under his predecessors did not advance much in his 25 years .
When a distinguished Jewish scholar thanked him for what he had done to cultivate Catholic-Jewish relations , he replied : `` That was not me , that was Providence , '' and then added with his inimitable smile : `` And me . ''
The years of John Paul II 's papacy have not actually been a time in which `` soft power '' could achieve a great deal anywhere , so that Stalin 's famous question , `` How many divisions has the Pope ? , '' remained topical .
This was all the more relevant to the extent that Pope John Paul II is not enamored with the United States .
There are indications that he shares the old central European prejudice of America as a materialist civilization that provides the wherewithal -- but not the ideas -- for what needs to be done .
It would be incomplete , however , were one not to mention the warm , curious , friendly , and humorous human being underneath it all .
Who would not wish to live in a meritocracy ? It is certainly preferable to a plutocracy , in which wealth determines status , or a gerontocracy , in which age leads one to the top , or even an aristocracy , in which what counts are inherited titles and properties .
But , on closer inspection , things are not so simple .
Most of those in the top reaches of not only the civil service and the judiciary , but also politics , business , and academia used to be graduates of the famous grandes écoles .
Certainly , French leaders are not immune to corruption .
His was not a description of the road to the promised land , but a dystopian vision of almost Orwellian dimensions .
First , if academic achievement is the entry ticket to power and status , what about the rest ? What about those who do not make it to university ?
Immigrants , in particular , do not enjoy the equality of opportunity that the word `` merit '' suggests .
It may in fact be a particularly cruel form of inequality , as those who do not succeed can not argue that they were unlucky or kept down by those in power .
Such a society is not the answer to all our prayers for decency and fairness , or even for sensible and good decisions .
The Nazis were gone , and the occupation powers had not yet set up any kind of administration .
For Germans this question was not easily answered , though clearly our family was liberated in every sense .
Yet the zero hour did not last .
Democracy was not just preached but practiced , and it could build on German traditions .
Such improvement requires above all self-help , the actions of individuals who will not accept the misery of the zero hour for long .
`` Generation consciousness , '' unlike the `` class consciousness '' of old , is obviously not a defining factor in people 's political preferences .
People who live longer while not being in employment want to enjoy their lives .
While such interests do exist , they do not lead older people to close ranks and organize themselves .
Like the unemployed , they do not want a political party devoted to their plight .
Their vote is precisely not an expression of group interest .
One week it is the UN Security Council vote about a continued US presence in the Bosnia peacekeeping mission . Before that the setting up of the International Criminal Court without American participation set both sides on edge , and the question of whether the Palestinians should be told whom not to elect as their leader .
Fortunately , such spats are not the whole truth .
After all , not every American voted for President Bush , nor is every European a Eurofederalist .
If Europeans do not want to go to war , and Americans do not want to get involved in protracted processes of institution building in distant places , an obvious potential for an international division of labor emerges .
Europeans do not want to fight , not even for their basic values , and Americans think they are fighting only as patriots of their great country .
Of course , revulsion for liberal economies and global markets is not confined to Germany .
High , often long-term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep-seated cultural roots matter far more .
Fortunately , politics is not mathematics -- though , unfortunately , this means that there are no clear solutions .
Moreover , the institutions of the federal system do not permit decisions to be made either expeditiously or clearly .
So it is not obvious to many people why they are voting .
But these are nuances , not fundamental differences .
The Left Party is led by two talk show politicians , Gregor Gysi , the former PDS leader , and Oskar Lafontaine , the ex-leader of the SPD , who do not have much more in common than a record of political failure and a talent for populist speeches .
Extreme poverty breeds apathy , not rebellion .
The very poor can at most be used for occasional demonstrations of anger , but they are not the stuff from which either terrorists or revolutionaries are made .
Their desires and ambitions are not unrealistic in the circumstances , but they are frustrated .
Things do not move as fast as they want them to , or not at all , owing to conditions that they do not control .
Opportunities exist , but they can not be seized or realized .
This group , not the desperately poor and helpless , forms the great mobilizing force of violent protest , and ultimately of major change .
The route to prosperity and freedom was not straightforward .
Equally important , had the EU not supported the creation of an administrative and social infrastructure of liberty , there might well have been a more serious communist or even fascist backlash in Poland , Hungary , and elsewhere .
Here , too , the phenomenon was not new .
If the benefits do not come quickly -- and for most people they do not -- they get restless .
Those who do not manage to get to other countries , or who fail in the countries to which they have migrated , are in a quandary .
If we do not wish to be submerged in violence and authoritarian responses to it , international institutions must do for the modernizing world what the EU has managed to do for the postcommunist countries .
There can be no liberal order without political democracy , but today we are frequently reminded that political democracy alone does not guarantee a liberal order .
In other words , elections are not enough if one wants to bring democracy to the world .
The first feature of the liberal order is that democracies must not tolerate those who set out to destroy democracy .
However , it is not always evident when people and parties stand for election what they are going to do if they win .
It can not be said too often that democracy and the rule of law are not the same thing .
The constitution of liberty requires both , and the rule of law is the more difficult of the two to establish and maintain , for it requires not just a constitution but , almost more importantly , an independent judiciary that is sensitive to violations of constitutional and other legitimate rules .
It will be particularly difficult in an environment in which the sharia -- that is , Islamic religious law administered not by judges but by priests -- is never far away .
A plurality of civic associations and activities -- regulated but not controlled by the state , and free to express its views and even to demonstrate its -LRB- diverse -RRB- sentiments publicly -- is the most powerful pillar of a liberal order .
The international community must therefore recognize that it is not enough to promote , organize , or monitor elections in hitherto undemocratic countries .
Britain is not the only country where ancient rights of habeas corpus , of the inviolability of the person , are to be restricted by new legislation that , for example , extends the permissible length of detention without charge .
I do not know how many Islamic leaders preach murder and mayhem in mosques and help recruit suicide bombers from among their congregants ; but even if it is only a handful , they pose a question that must be answered .
In my view , Holocaust denial should not be outlawed , in contrast to the demand for all , or any , Jews to be killed .
Similarly , attacks against the West in mosques , however vicious , should not be banned , in contrast to open encouragement to join suicide death squads .
The boundary between implicit and explicit incitement is not easily drawn , but , again , it should be wider rather than narrower .
Both require active and alert citizens who engage what they do not like rather than calling for the state to clamp down on it .
Direct incitement to violence is regarded -- as it should be - -- as an unacceptable abuse of free speech ; but much that is disagreeable about the David Irving 's and the hate preachers does not fall into this category .
Their rants should be rejected with argument , not with police and prisons .
The increase in aggregate wealth has not led to the abolition , or even reduction , of poverty .
Almost everywhere , globalization has produced both a new class of multi-millionaires and an underclass comprising people who are not just poor in the statistical sense of earning less than half the national average , but who are excluded from opportunities that are supposed to be open to all .
Moreover , an egalitarian climate does not promote innovation and a sense of dynamic development .
Creative individuals tend to leave societies in which there is strong pressure not to be different .
Inequality is not merely compatible with freedom , but is often a result of and stimulus for freedom .
Things are not quite so simple .
It is thus not bad in itself , even if its excesses must be capped in the name of citizenship for all .
The election of the militant and hitherto extra-parliamentary group Hamas in the Palestinian territories reminds us of what democracy can not achieve .
No one in a more established democratic state is surprised if one 's own side does not win .
Democracy is about competing parties , and , unless they form a `` grand coalition , '' they can not all win .
One remembers Hitler , who , while his own party did not quite get 50 % of the vote , could base his `` seizure of power '' on a parliamentary majority .
This is not to compare Hamas to any of these political forces .
Nevertheless , one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected , so that the new parliament can not function properly .
In particular , they do not create a liberal order .
This means , secondly , that first elections , and perhaps elections more generally , are not themselves a sufficient guarantee of liberty .
As the German constitutional court judge Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde famously put it , democracies can not create the conditions of their survival and success .
There must be certain accepted rules of the political game that are binding on all , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
Who could say to Hamas that unless they accept certain rules , their election is not valid ?
Democracy in the sense of free elections within certain rules does not allow the rest of us to say that the cause of freedom has prevailed and that we can walk away .
By the same token , reducing expectations means that the significance of the results should not be exaggerated .
Across Europe , it is not only British Prime Minister Tony Blair who is accused of `` presidentialism '' nowadays .
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy , indeed , does not even like being called Prime Minister . Because he is technically President of the Council -LRB- of ministers -RRB- , he insists on using the title of President .
It is not a development which defenders of the constitution of liberty can accept .
For some time I thought that the Twenty-Second Amendment to the United States Constitution was probably the best way to ensure that political leaders do not overstay their welcome , and , just as importantly , wear out their effectiveness .
Now he is clearly hamstrung not only by the Democratic opposition , but also , and perhaps more so , by the succession struggles within his own party .
Blair made the fatal mistake of setting his own limit to his tenure of office by saying that he would not contest a fourth election as leader of the Labor Party .
And was not Silvio Berlusconi 's candidate for the presidency of the Italian Senate , Giulio Andreotti , a junior member of one of Italy 's first post-1945 governments ?
Abandoning the habit involves not only the inconvenience of losing perks and a certain lifestyle , but also the loss of power .
Yet the party might have a better sense of what is viable not just today , but also tomorrow -- at the next election , for example .
Parties and Populists This is not a good time for political parties , especially those with traditional orientations .
It also means that they no longer find a political home in parties , but react to situations , to vague moods , and above all to appeals to sentiments , if not resentments .
One sometimes wonders whether we are experiencing not so much the end of history as the end of enlightened history , perhaps of the enlightenment itself .
But another look at the list of populists tells us something else as well : most of them do not last .
It does not take long for voters to discover that the promises of populists were empty .
To be sure , this is not much of a consolation .
Austria paid a price for its Haider interlude , and France did not exactly benefit from the runoff between President Jacques Chirac and Le Pen in the last Presidential election .
Those structures are gone forever , but a liberal-democratic order can not succeed through situational politics built on popular resentments .
Two generations ago , most countries had censors who not only tried to prevent younger people from seeing certain films but who actually banned books .
There are questions here that are not easily answered by civilized defenders of the Enlightenment .
Violent responses to unwelcome views are never justified and can not be accepted .
This means that we have to defend Salman Rushdie and the Danish cartoonists and the friends of Idomeneo , whether we like them or not .
If anyone does not like them , there are all the instruments of public debate and of critical discourse that an enlightened community has at its disposal .
It is also true that we do not have to buy any particular book or listen to an opera .
I might not do it , but I would nevertheless defend the right of someone who decides otherwise .
Daniel Bell and Raymond Aron wrote about the end of fascist and communist ideology in the hope that we would enter an age of pragmatism in which politics would be a subject of argument and debate , not belief and total worldviews .
But history does not end , and it is forever full of surprises .
Those books are not just academic discourse , but mirror real developments .
Not all democracies were as strict as France in their formal secularism but all were secular : the law is made by the sovereign people and not by some superhuman being or agency .
Cartoons of Mohammed are not published , and Mozart 's opera Idomeneo is not performed in order to avoid offending religious sensitivities ; and when , in the end , the publication and the performance take place , they become a demonstration almost intended to offend .
In the free world , people are not forced to read a newspaper or listen to a speech that they do not like , and they can oppose without fear what is said by those in positions of authority .
The scenario is not altogether unlikely . Indeed , in the United States and France , there are even alternative female candidates for the presidency -LRB- Condoleezza Rice in America , Michelle Alliot-Marie in France -RRB- .
The answer is not obvious .
All three were powerful prime ministers of their countries , though perhaps not the epitome of what might be regarded as feminine values .
Yet it is not the leading women who above all represent these values .
It is not the women at the top who have changed the scene . Rather , it is a more general trend , helped along by open-minded leaders of both sexes , that has changed the political climate in countries .
`` We must keep this sensitive subject out of the campaign '' seemed to be the prevailing attitude , as if the period of heightened political awareness that elections provide should not be used to debate serious controversies .
The answer to the question , `` Where do we go if we have to leave ? '' is not usually China or some African country , nor is it any longer much of Latin America .
It may not be dignified to expect immigrant workers to do these `` dirty '' jobs , but to these workers such jobs offer a step on the ladder of hope as they help to keep advanced economies and societies functioning .
This is not pleasant to say . Using migrants to provide for the needs of natives , but without letting the migrants share all the benefits , is morally unattractive .
This is not the only way forward .
Many consequences follow from such home truths about immigration , not least a more rational debate .
Viewed from the perspective such truths provide , the European Union 's eastward enlargement , for example , is highly desirable not despite but because it may lead to migration from the new member states to the old .
The difference between these two center-left leaders is not their electoral success , but the electoral system under which they operate .
It clearly does not turn parliament into a mirror image of the electorate .
Both policies have vocal opponents , not least among his own 40 % .
It remains to be seen how Mr Blair will fare , not least in connection with the Euro Referendum .
This is not the case under proportional representation .
Electoral systems do not change underlying social forces nor do they guarantee any particular outcome .
More precisely , this phenomenon entails the growing number of democratically elected political leaders who do not confront alternative leaders able to gather the disaffected into a viable opposition .
Moreover , this situation is not confined to Europe .
How , in particular , can this situation be explained in view of the fact that today 's unchallenged heads of government are -LRB- at least for the most part -RRB- not towering leaders whose charisma shields them from opposition ?
Still , it is a fact that in all cases of governments without effective opposition it is not easy to formulate an electorally viable alternative policy to challenge the leaders .
Mr Putin is perhaps the most exteme in this regard , but Blair and Berlusconi are not far behind in possessing this `` policy immunity . ''
They could form coalitions with anyone , not least with each other , whatever their traditional political affiliations may be .
However , this condition may not last .
Internationally , the clash between unilateralists and multilateralists is not confined to the United States .
Law and order is on the agenda of most governments , but many voters feel that it still does not have proper prominence .
For the most part , the quick fixes they have imposed so far have not been very successful .
In the United Kingdom , where this did not happen in the 1970s and 1980s , every university place could have been filled with a Continental European trying to escape declining institutions at home .
They may not be sufficient to save universities from bankruptcy .
The American university system is not a `` two-tier '' or `` two-class '' system but one of almost infinite variety .
For the problem of the next generation remains to combine public and private contributions to services that simply can not remain wholly financed by taxpayers and wholly run by public bureaucracies .
What had to be transmitted was not the final organism , but the recipe to make it .
Like a computer program , DNA does not preserve the final state of what it codes for ; rather , it embeds in a symbolic but concrete way -LRB- it is a real `` text '' -RRB- the relationships between all the objects and agents that it specifies and controls .
Nuclear cloning , illustrated by the sheep Dolly , has made the Universal Turing Machine a highly revealing , if not all explaining , model of the cell .
However , the metaphor is limited by a simple fact : computers do not make computers .
With few exceptions , demographers and epidemiologists have not applied their expertise to making rigorous , credible estimates of civilian mortality and morbidity .
Moreover , the high-quality population data needed for credible estimates may not be available due to their `` sensitive nature , '' or because they never have been collected -LRB- sometimes the case in developing nations -RRB- , or because refugee movements have made data obsolete .
If there is no double counting , and if the incidents included in the data were reported correctly , their tally represents a minimum number , because media reports may not be comprehensive .
The UN estimates that Iraq 's pre-invasion CDR was 10 per thousand , not the 5 per thousand estimated from the two studies .
It may not be wrong , but the authors should provide a credible explanation of why their pre-war CDR is nearly half that of the UN Population Division .
Economists argue that the correct measure of an economy 's productive base is wealth , which includes not only the value of manufactured assets -LRB- buildings , machinery , roads -RRB- , but also `` human '' capital -LRB- knowledge , skills , and health -RRB- , natural capital -LRB- ecosystems , minerals , and fossil fuels -RRB- , and institutions -LRB- government , civil society , the rule of law -RRB- .
In other words , economic growth should be viewed as growth in wealth , not growth in GNP .
The decline has occurred because , relative to population growth , fixed-capital investment , knowledge and skills , and improvements in institutions have not compensated for the degradation of natural capital .
Many types of natural capital , however , have not been included : fresh water , soil , forests as providers of ecosystem services , and the atmosphere as a sink for such pollution as particulates and nitrogen and sulphur oxides .
Empirical studies by earth scientists have revealed all too often that the capacity of natural systems to absorb disturbances is not unlimited .
But EU leaders have yet to admit what everybody knows : that Europe 's population is not just ageing , it is starting to decline , and is likely to decline steeply in coming decades .
Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization , price controls , government direction -- had failed in the past , could not be expected to work in the future , and thus held no credibility with voters .
So Blair decided that New Labor would not just accept , but embrace the principle of market forces .
It is not difficult to discern parallels between Britain 's Conservatives and America 's Republican Party .
President Clinton presided over eight years of successful fiscal management and prosperity , so George W. Bush could not claim this middle ground .
The difference is that George W. Bush won the presidency by a whisker , whereas William Hague could not avoid defeat .
Britain may or may not join the Euro , but the policies adopted by Labor -- privatization , low budget deficits , low inflation , an independent central bank -- are precisely those it would need if it did decide to join .
In Europe , this should not be too difficult , because some version of an answer can surely be found in the context of the European Union .
What is surprising is that , given the differences now arising between the US and its allies - the word schism might not be inappropriate - Mr. Bush 's meetings with Europe 's leaders proceeded so smoothly .
Those disagreements are not only about Israel , or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU , or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports ; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work .
Instead the Bush administration decided to wage the war essentially on its own ; for this kind of small war , it really did not need its European allies , although in the latter stages of the fighting , French Mirage jets , and British , German , Danish , and Norwegian special forces troops were active in battles in the mountains along the Afghanistan\/Pakistan border .
Even if they were , collectively , to match America 's defense spending , they could not match US defense capability unless they combined their defense spending in a single budget .
So Europe can not begin to match the US unless it becomes a single federation .
The second , more important problem , is that -LRB- for a variety of reasons -RRB- Europeans do not set as high a value as the US on purely military capability .
But freeloading is not the whole story .
For hundreds if not thousands of years , European countries made war repeatedly with each other . In the first half of the 20th century they succeeded in turning these conflicts into two World Wars , and Europe into a charnel house .
If EU governments are able to strengthen central political institutions , enlargement may be successful ; if not , it may be blocked .
In short , France does not want any of these people to be President , and Chirac 's large eventual victory will not correspond to any large degree of legitimacy .
Moreover , the presidential election will not be the last word , since it will be followed by parliamentary elections .
It is not just that Chirac is corrupt , or that Jospin is dull , but that they have been around for decades .
The French socialist party can still , probably , rely on the loyalty of a substantial minority for atavistic or tribal reasons ; but it does not propose to introduce socialism .
These fears incite anger and xenophobia , even though everyone knows that globalization can not be conquered by kicking out foreigners .
The next French president can not control or prevent the forces of globalization ; but he can have a major influence on the EU 's development .
Because this enlargement round is likely to be the last for a long time , if not forever , it is urgent for member states to think seriously about re-writing the EU treaties to deal with the new reality , in terms which will be workable for the long term .
For the past 50 years , the EU was largely able to count on a benign partnership with the US in a multilateral context ; that assumption no longer holds , even if we do not yet know the extent of America 's new unilateralism .
No one has any idea how to run a Union of 25 or more member states -- not even in terms of basic logistics , starting with the geometric escalation in translation requirements .
Norway may one day possibly seek to join , and that would pose no problems ; it is conceivable that Switzerland may seek to join , and that too would not be a problem -LRB- except to the Swiss -RRB- .
On these occasions existing members pretended that they need not fundamentally change the EU 's institutional arrangements .
This is not a question of ideology ; it is a question of arithmetic .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair says that Europe should be a partner , not a servant or a rival , of the US .
They can not both be right .
But we should not overlook the fact that the Convention has slipped in quite a number of proposals which are inherently federalist . These include the generalization of majority voting , enlargement of the European Parliament 's role , the notion of public proceedings for the Council of Ministers -LRB- making it almost like a senate -RRB- , the introduction of the possibility of withdrawal from the Union , and even the possibility of treaty ratification by majority .
These ideas may go nowhere , at least not right away .
But when he came to power , in 1997 , he was not able or willing to face down Britain 's traditional anti-Europeanism ; in particular , he was not prepared to commit his government to eventual Euro membership .
Blair 's solution to his Euro dilemma was to pretend that adopting the Euro was not a major political decision , but a technical question , to be decided on `` purely '' economic grounds .
Of course , there is not and can not be an overpowering economic case for joining the Euro , at any time .
Voters will not be impressed by the Treasury 's mumbo-jumbo ; they will need strong , simple arguments that Britain will be better off by joining .
Obviously , `` doing well '' and `` doing badly '' are clumsy notions ; but we are talking about a referendum , not about higher mathematics .
A referendum on joining the Euro probably can not be won unless a British government is willing to say three things : first , that it favors closer EU political integration ; second , that the single currency is but one expression of that integration , and third , that it is committed to Euro membership .
Everyone knows that a much larger EU must be more integrated politically if it is not to grind to a halt through sheer weight of numbers .
This is a question of simple arithmetic , not ideology .
Some small countries do not like the idea of a permanent President of the Council of Ministers , which they fear will strengthen the influence of big countries at their expense .
Some middle-sized countries , like Spain and Poland , do not like the proposed majority voting rules , which would operate according to population weights .
Some small countries do not like streamlining the Commission , and the proposed cutback in the number of Commissioners from member states .
They were not voting against the Euro , they were voting against more Europe .
Tony Blair wants Britain to join the Euro , because he does not want to be excluded from the European core .
But he pretends that this is an economic question , because he dare not argue , and does not believe in , the case for more political integration .
Tony Blair will not take Britain into the Euro because he can not articulate the only real case for membership , which is political .
Even if he did articulate this case , he would not persuade the British people , who have been conditioned by 50 years of Euro-skepticism from their political leaders .
But Blair 's deeper purpose will be to try to ensure that if negotiations on the EU Constitution break down , Britain is not stranded permanently in the outer ring of a two-speed Europe .
Instead , the summit 's breakdown may be an advance warning that this enlargement could prove to be so disruptive as to lead , not to a benign transformation of the EU , but to its radical dislocation .
Indeed , downplaying the gravity of the latest crisis is easy : one can argue that the immediate cause of the breakdown , when examined closely , is not really all that serious .
The Poles claim -- self-righteously -- that they are representing not their own national interest , but that of all the smaller member states .
So obviously Spain and Poland do not want to give up their voting privileges there .
The 10 new EU members do not have the same history as the Netherlands , Belgium , and Luxembourg .
The problem is not just that they are economically less developed , or that their political institutions are inadequate and corrupt .
The real problem for the EU is that there is no sign that the 10 new members have any desire to learn the same lessons , because they do not agree with the old members about the real purpose of the European enterprise .
Unfortunately , they do not -- not since the British joined 30 years ago .
This is just talk : Tony Blair has not the faintest idea about what the center of Europe means .
The problem for Europe 's leaders is that their own repudiation by voters does not necessarily carry the same message as the rise of the Euroskeptic parties .
Overall , the general level of trust in the European Union is not high : only 41 % of voters tend to trust the EU , whereas 42 % tend not to trust it .
But it is not at all clear that those governments that would normally support more integration can sell it to their disillusioned electorates .
Tony Blair has promised a referendum on the new EU constitution , which he can not possibly win .
The Constitution , adopted by the 25 member states last year , is not , in itself , a big deal .
Unfortunately , as things stand , this is a referendum that Blair will not win , because all polls show a large and solid majority against the European Constitution .
But even if the French do vote `` No , '' that will not solve the British problem : on the contrary , it will precipitate a major political crisis , in France and across Europe , concerning the future of the EU -- the type of crisis that the British have spent fifty years trying to evade .
Not only has he kept Britain out of the single European currency over the past four years , he made it clear during the election campaign that he does not expect the UK to join the Euro during the next five years either .
By contrast , Blair can not win a referendum on the Constitution , not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press , but also because neither he nor any major political leader in Britain has ever had a good word to say about European integration .
The British government tried to wriggle out of taking sides on the implications of the French and Dutch votes by saying that it would suspend its own plans for a referendum , but not cancel it outright .
But , by picking up Chirac 's challenge , Blair has allowed himself to be drawn away from the general European dilemma -LRB- what to do about the Constitutional Treaty -RRB- -- for which Britain is not to blame -- to a specific policy problem -LRB- the CAP 's finances -RRB- on which Britain is isolated .
The danger is that this week 's EU summit will not be devoted to finding a solution to the dilemma of the French and Dutch `` no '' votes , but instead will be turned into a confrontation between Britain and the rest about the budget .
It would underscore the depth of the chasm between leaders who are seeking to advance the cause of European political integration but are out of touch with their electorates , and the British , who do not like European political integration at all .
Unfortunately , the Bush administration did not foresee that Saddam 's removal would precipitate a multi-sided insurgency and civil war .
That is his first problem . He has not been elected by anyone -- not by the Labor Party , and not by Britain 's voters ; he has merely come into an inheritance that he has long thought was his due .
The one thing that is clear is that he will not gain legitimacy if he offers only more of what Blair has been dishing up for the past ten years .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain .
But it was not the intelligence services that decided to go to war ; it was Tony Blair , with the support of Gordon Brown .
LONDON -- Relationships between London banks and their regulators are not especially warm just now .
Now we are not so sure .
The data are not from financial firms alone , and Tahoun has not disaggregated them by sector .
Regulators are typically not subject to those temptations .
They are not normally allowed to own stock in financial firms -LRB- at least in the jurisdictions that I know -RRB- .
Turnover among senior -- and not so senior -- people in these agencies is very high .
While I would strongly argue that the FSA in my day did not favor firms unduly , it is perhaps true that we -- and in this we were exactly like US regulators -- were inclined to believe that markets were generally efficient .
We now know that some of these market emperors had no clothes , and that their activities , far from benign , could result in severe financial instability and generate serious losses for taxpayers , not to mention precipitating a global recession .
I do not think so , and to argue as much devalues the efforts of many overworked and underpaid public servants around the world .
The reader is obliged to conclude that regulators might not have been so dim after all .
Narrow banking , which entails retail deposits being kept in distinct entities , backed only by safe and liquid assets like government bonds , does not fare well under the All Souls microscope . `` The social costs would be significant , '' he warns , as the synergies between deposit-taking and lending would be lost .
And governments would almost certainly have to back some lending banks , too , so the claimed benefits in terms of insulating the public purse would not be realized .
The scale of these costs is unknown , but the share prices of the banks that could be affected -LRB- Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland in particular -RRB- rose when the report was published , suggesting that they are not as high as had been feared .
Those who want the banks `` cut down to size , '' even if it is a case of cutting off one 's nose to spite one 's face , are not happy with Vickers .
Its stock fell by more than 14 % in one day in mid-August , plumbing depths not seen for two and a half years .
The political problem is that the second solution can not yet be sold to German voters , let alone to nationalist fringe parties like France 's National Front and Finland 's True Finns .
Of course , the can is not in the road ; it is in the banking parlors .
If they do not do the right thing soon , there will be some banking casualties , and European governments will once again be obliged to put in public money .
In fact , the view that banks need more capital , while widespread , is not unanimous .
Of course , regulators can not easily require all banks to be `` well-run '' in Bagehot 's sense .
It is not a bad substitute for perfect judgment , and at least it can be defined and measured .
Regulators take the view that the impact of higher capital requirements on the cost of credit to borrowers will be modest , as the overall cost of funds to banks will not rise much .
They rest their case on the famous Modigliani-Miller theorem , which implies that a company can not alter its capital cost by changing the balance between equity and debt on its balance sheet .
That does not bode well for banks , which have been a very poor investment in the last few years .
Though economists are notoriously disputatious , their estimates do not often differ by a factor of ten .
The stakes of not knowing are very high .
Like many other people , I tend to believe that anyone paid more than me is prima facie over-rewarded , but I know this is not the most rigorous test I could apply .
They can see short-term returns , but they do not understand very well how those returns are generated .
That is hardly surprising , as previously revered firms revealed that they did not fully understand the very instruments they dealt in or the risks they assumed .
It is difficult not to take some private pleasure in this comeuppance for the Masters of the Universe .
Surveys promoted by financial firms tend to show that trust in them has not diminished much , and that people continue to trust them even more than they do the National Health Service or the BBC .
Continuing disputes in Congress about the precise details of reform could , therefore , have an economic cost if a perception that the system will not be overhauled gains ground .
It would seem not , as it is also true that very trusting people also have lower incomes than the average .
Maybe we should trust each other more -- but not too much .
The experience was a lesson for banks , regulators , central banks , and treasuries , which , not surprisingly , were unprepared to handle a comprehensive crisis .
In the red corner , so to speak , we find former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker and current Bank of England Governor Mervyn King , not natural revolutionaries .
In the blue corner sit US Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and his British counterpart , Alistair Darling , who argue that a revival of the Glass-Steagall Act , which divided investment banking from commercial banking , is not appropriate for today 's markets .
Neelie Kroes , the retiring EU Competition Commissioner , was surely right to demand some divestiture of branches from the biggest groups , though arguably she did not go far enough .
If the authorities are seen to have brought new institutions into being by fiat , might they not be obligated to support them , come what may ?
Was he not a hard-core member of the `` Greenspan consensus , '' which held that it was not the Fed 's responsibility to look out for bubbles , whether of asset prices or credit , and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event ?
If a central bank is committing public funds in support of individual firms , even with a systemic justification , do not different accountability considerations apply ?
President Obama should not draw the conclusion that arguments about the Fed 's accountability have gone away with Bernanke 's confirmation .
The decision to buy Greek bonds directly was not unanimous .
His was one vote out of 22 , but he represents 27 % of eurozone GDP , so he can not be dismissed as an insignificant outlier .
It was the first time that the president of the ECB has had to reveal that a decision was not unanimous .
It is highly likely that the Greek debt that the ECB has acquired is not worth what it has paid .
Especially in nervous markets , which we certainly have today , any perception that the ECB 's decisions might not take into account the interests of the whole eurozone , or could commit the major countries to significant losses , could itself be destabilizing .
But this excess growth has not been evenly spread .
For most of us , unless we remain seriously overweight in financial stocks , this may not be a bad prospect .
We do not want to inflate another asset-price bubble on the scale of the one that burst in 2007-2008 .
According to this view , in a market economy with a convertible currency and free capital flows , the exchange rate can not be manipulated without consequent adjustments to other dimensions of monetary conditions .
But it did not extend to Asia .
Some economists have begun to argue that central banks need not be so wary of intervening .
The underlying problem remains that , while both central banks and finance ministries are unhappy about the excessive volatility of real and nominal exchange rates , they do not understand very well what causes it .
These conditions do not typically apply in Western countries .
The Swiss have large reserves , but are so interlinked with global capital markets that exchange controls are not a realistic option .
Our new beliefs did not stem from some new experiment or unexpected observation , the way a real scientific paradigm shift does .
Economists do not typically conduct experiments with real money . When they do , as when the Nobel laureate Myron Scholes ran the hedge fund Long Term Capital Management -LRB- LTCM -RRB- , the dangers often outweigh the benefits -LRB- a lesson we still do n't seem to have learned . -RRB-
The truth is that such models are most useful when they are little known or not universally believed .
It is not clear how we could know that markets were failing whenever they fell significantly , but believed that we had no business second-guessing them when they climbed .
But a market is not a rocket , economists are not rocket scientists , and moral hazard is , in human affairs , the risk that matters most .
A promise of something that we should know can not be guaranteed is also known as a lie .
But blacks and other minorities in the United States -- and elsewhere in the world -- do not share in these successes , and environmental factors appear to explain the disparity .
Indeed , cases of cancer that are not tied to smoking or aging are increasing .
Instead , we should be attacking known environmental carcinogens -- not just tobacco , but also radiation , sunlight , benzene , solvents , and some drugs and hormones .
Modern cancer-causing agents like diesel exhaust , pesticides , and other air pollutants are not systematically studied .
But most cancers are made , not born , arising from damage to our genes that occurs throughout our lives .
Despite having remarkably similar genes at birth , identical twins do not develop the same cancers .
America 's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirm that children 's blood today contains dozens of chemicals that did not exist two decades earlier , including many gene-damaging compounds known to cause cancer and a host of other diseases .
Of course , many cancers might not have developed in the first place had these patients not been exposed to other cancer-causing agents in the environment .
A way of looking is a way of not looking , runs a Chinese proverb .
The limited nature of evidence on some environmental cancer hazards should not be confused with proof that no harm has occurred : the research is hard to do , and , in the US , very little of it is now funded by the government and private sector .
We can not afford to ignore the signs of the importance of the environment for our health .
But the joke would n't work if there were not at the same time another widely shared assumption that scientific knowledge has a value independent of any practical use .
After all , it would not be funny if a charity dedicated to famine relief celebrated its own ineffectiveness ; practical value in that case would be paramount , because it would be the only real reason for the charity to exist .
But we do not yet have the full story .
There have not been any studies with data on childhood intelligence , lots of subsequent data on adult health behaviors , and then a long-term follow-up for deaths .
We are still not sure whether , say , education and occupation `` explain '' the effect of intelligence on health , or whether they are , in effect , merely surrogate measures of intelligence .
Without such targets , the international community will not take the necessary action to address climate change , and developing countries will not have confidence that industrialized countries are willing to take the lead on solving a problem that they caused .
Because the carbon market can not be the sole instrument , government-to-government cooperation will be needed as well .
Thus , for example , at the SCO summit in August , Russia did not get the support of other members regarding the Georgia conflict .
It has no rapid-reaction force and does not engage in regular political deliberations .
Such cooperation would not bridge the main differences between SCO members and the West over issues like democratization and human rights .
This approach would serve the interests of the EU , NATO , the SCO 's members , and , not least , Afghanistan .
And that is why several other EU countries are now considering receiving ex-detainees cleared for release , but who , for compelling reasons , can not return to their countries of origin .
More generally , we agree with Obama that `` in the long run we ... can not keep ... safe unless we enlist the power of our most fundamental values , '' and that `` we uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right , but because it strengthens -LRB- us -RRB- and keeps us safe . ''
Closing Guantánamo is not a gesture to win applause from Europeans .
Brazil 's successful return to the financial markets at the end of April and the strengthening of the country 's currency , the real , have shown that the election of President Luiz Inácio da Silva -LRB- Lula -RRB- has not led to a collapse of foreign confidence .
Recent strikes by car workers at General Motors , Renault , Volvo , and Ford factories in Brazil do not augur well .
While Brazil 's registered unemployment rate is not very high by regional standards , its fast growing labor force requires a high rate of job creation .
The idea is not that Brazil should seek to implement the Dutch social-economic model -- the countries are too different for that .
Success would benefit not only Brazil , but have a strong demonstration effect across Latin America .
Unless the participants are empowered and take ownership , programs will not be sustainable , resources will go to waste , and peace will not endure .
Avoid overly optimistic projections that lead to unworkable plans and unreasonable expectations , which the government will not be able to fulfill , as happened in Guatemala , for example , when its civil war ended .
This often means accepting that optimal and best-practice economic policies are not attainable -- or , indeed , even desirable .
But Lebanon is not alone in that respect : according to the UN and several independent studies , countries in transition from war to peace face roughly a 50 % chance of sliding back into warfare .
Often , optimal economic policies and best practices are not attainable -- or even desirable .
A weak interim national government -- or a United Nations or foreign occupying administration -- should not attempt to implement policies such as privatizing national resources when doing so might incite political resistance .
In Kosovo , for example , the transformation of the Kosovo Liberation Army into a civilian peace force has caused great insecurity over the years , which the UN administration might ultimately regret if the resolution of the province 's final status does not lead to independence .
Indeed , privatization was all the more bizarre as a policy choice because it was doomed in advance : investors clearly would not be attracted to buy assets where property rights might change once a legitimate Iraqi government took over -- a huge impediment to investment in Kosovo as well .
But the United States has not learned its lesson .
Any transition to peace may well prove ephemeral unless policymakers make political reconciliation and integration -- not optimal economic policies -- the bedrock priority .
As White points out , promoters of FDI are not selling a product , which the country 's embassies abroad may be able to do .
Furthermore , foreign investors do not want to deal with diplomats or civil servants . They want to talk to private-sector experts who understand the technical and financial needs of their companies or sectors .
Just as importantly , there can not be any conflict of interest -LRB- or even the perception of such a conflict -RRB- with other personal or political activities , past or present .
International competition for investors is brutal , so waiting for them to fall from the sky is not an option .
And governments that are not accountable to their citizens will most likely fail in this regard .
But rapid growth is not enough .
And , in the absence of stability and security , the objective of the IMF 's $ 750 million stand-by arrangement to cover the `` temporary external financing gap '' and to sustain `` the confidence of markets and investors '' will not be met .
While `` humanitarian aid '' can not be neglected , it should be recognized that such aid promotes consumption rather than investment , creating price distortions and work disincentives .
Laissez-faire will not do it .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , reconstruction must include not only the rehabilitation of services and infrastructure , but -- more challenging -- the creation of a macroeconomic , legal , and regulatory framework for effective policymaking .
The international community should recognize that military , security , and peacekeeping operations are costly and will not succeed in the absence of new , innovative , and integrated strategies for economic reconstruction .
Peace Through Reconciliation in Afghanistan NEW YORK -- It may or may not be coincidental , but as US President Barack Obama 's military offensive in Afghanistan gets underway , Afghan President Hamid Karzai has at long last embarked on a serious effort at national reconciliation .
Afghanistan has an infamous record on both grounds : it has reverted to conflict , and it is not being weaned off its high aid-dependence .
But can this criticism be constructive , not a bout -LRB- pleasurable , of course -RRB- of Schadenfreude ?
As things stand , it is in no one 's short-term interest , certainly not in the short-run interest of accounting firms that make more money from consulting contracts than from doing a company 's books , to allow accurate information - if it is bad - to leak into the market .
Moreover , the greed of bosses can not be the sole determinant of managerial remuneration .
Declining public school quality , downward pressure on funding for public higher education , and a failure of political will to make higher education affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and can not afford quality education .
So while the economic case for greater private and public investment in education is stronger than ever , most individuals ca n't save enough to pay for it , and education - despite all the talk of politicians - is not the federal priority it should be .
For the first time , more than half of the world will have enough food not to be hungry , enough shelter not to be wet , enough clothing not to be cold , and enough medical care not to be worried that they and most of their children will die prematurely of micro-parasites .
The big problems for most ofhumanity will be to find enough conceptual puzzles and diversions in their work and leisure lives to avoid being bored , and enough relative status not to be green with envy of their fellows .
Third -- and in large part a consequence of the other two -- the rise of the professional inventor and the industrial research laboratory created a class of people whose business was not to make and apply a single invention , but to invent the process of continuous and constant invention and innovation itself .
Obama has been so committed to that cautious policy that even now , with the unemployment rate kissing 10 % , he will not grab for the low-hanging fruit and call for an additional $ 200 billion of federal aid to the states over the next three years in order to prevent further layoffs of teachers .
Partisans whose commitment to deficit reduction vanishes whenever political expedience dictates simply do not belong running bipartisan deficit-reduction commissions .
Obama has thus positioned himself to the right not only of Joseph Stiglitz , Simon Johnson , and Paul Krugman , but also of his advisers Paul Volcker and Larry Summers .
On environmental policy , Obama has pressed not for a carbon tax , but for a cap-and-trade system that , for the first generation , pays the polluter .
My complaints about Obama are not that he is too bipartisan or too centrist .
My complaints are that he is not technocratic enough , that he is pursuing the chimera of `` bipartisanship '' too far , and that , as a result , many of his policies will not work well , or at all .
But it would be good if Obama remembered that we dwell not in the Republic of Plato , but in the Roman sewer of Romulus .
But most of the recent shift has come not from an increase in demand for safe , liquid , high-quality financial assets , but from a decrease in supply : six months ago , bonds issued by the governments of southern Europe were regarded as among the high-quality assets in the world economy that one could safely and securely hold ; now they are not .
Now things are not so certain .
All of them , because we really are not sure which would be the most effective and efficient at the task of draining excess demand for high-quality assets .
As long as there is a clear global excess supply of goods and services -- as long as unemployment remains highly elevated and inflation rates are falling -- they are not doing enough .
The `` economic principles '' underpinning their theories are a fraud -- not fundamental truths but mere knobs that are twiddled and tuned so that the `` right '' conclusions come out of the analysis .
Yet , as I look at the world economy , I see a very different picture -- one in which markets ' trust in the quality of government liabilities of the global North 's core economies most certainly is not on the brink of collapse .
The high unemployment currently afflicting the North Atlantic , critics of government stimulus maintain , is not cyclical but `` structural , '' and thus can not be alleviated by policies that boost aggregate demand .
The economy is depressed and unemployment is high not because of slack aggregate demand generated by a collapse in spending , but instead because `` structural '' factors have produced a mismatch between the skills of the labor force and the distribution of demand .
This would produce structural unemployment to the extent that the ex-construction workers could not do things in manufacturing that would make it worthwhile for manufacturing firms to hire them .
But we would also expect to see manufacturing plants running at double shifts -- the money not spent on construction has to go somewhere , and , remember , the problem is not a lack of aggregate demand .
We would expect to see manufacturers holding job fairs , and when not enough workers showed up , we would expect to see manufacturers offering higher wages to attract workers into their plants , and then raising prices to cover their higher costs .
That is what `` mismatch '' structural unemployment looks like -- and it is not what we have today , at least not in Europe and North America .
What we have witnessed is not a shift in demand into sectors lacking an adequate number of qualified and productive workers , but rather a collapse in the level of aggregate demand .
But that is not our problem now .
For a parrot , that 's a no-brainer : the public-debt problem is not that governments have issued so much debt that investors have lost confidence , but that governments have issued too little debt given the enormous private-sector demand for safe places to park wealth .
When economic historians examine the Great Recession , their overwhelming consensus is likely to be that its depth and duration reflected governments ' refusal to try to do more , not that they tried to do too much .
The question that will be a mystery to them is why so many economists of our day did not know how to say : `` supply and demand , supply and demand . ''
Now the question is : will Britain -- where confidence in the government has not cracked and where austerity is not forced but chosen -- join the others at the bottom and serve as a horrible warning ?
Britain 's finest hour this is not .
Governments before World War I -- and even more so before WWII -- did not embrace the mission of minimizing unemployment during economic downturns .
Second , the working classes that were hardest-hit by high unemployment generally did not have the vote .
With the exception of the United States ' free-silver movement , it was not the subject of general political and public intellectual discussion .
Economists today know a great deal more -- albeit not as much as we would like -- about how monetary , banking , and fiscal policies affect the flow of nominal spending , and their findings are the topic of a great deal of open and deep political and public intellectual discussion .
How is it that the unemployed , and those who fear they might be the next wave of unemployed , do not register to vote ?
Why are politicians not terrified of their displeasure ?
It is now clear that the right-wing opponents to the Obama administration 's policies are not objecting to the use of fiscal measures to stabilize nominal spending .
Thus , US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is moving to have the Fed boost that flow by changing the mix of privately held assets as it buys government bonds that pay interest in exchange for cash that does not .
The Fed can not reduce short-term interest rates below zero , so it is attempting via this policy of `` quantitative easing '' to reduce longer-term interest rates .
Blather about Federal Reserve currency manipulation and excessive risk-taking is not worthy of an answer .
A normal gap between supply and demand for some subset of currently produced commodities is not a serious problem , because it is balanced by excess demand for other currently produced commodities .
There is , after all , no easy way that unemployed workers can start producing the assets -- money and bonds that not only are rated investment-grade , but really are -- that financial markets are not adequately supplying .
They have not provided enough bank guarantees , forced enough mortgage renegotiations , increased spending enough , or financed enough employment to rebalance financial markets , return asset prices to normal configurations , and facilitate a rapid return to full employment .
But unemployment has not climbed far above 10 % , either .
This pattern would not have surprised nineteenth-century economists like Mill or Walter Bagehot , who understood the financial-sector origins of industrial depression .
But it does seem to surprise not only a great many observers today , but also a large number of policymakers .
`` The people of Iran , '' the late Ayatollah Khomeini is reported to have liked to say , `` did not make the Islamic Revolution to lower the price of watermelons . ''
Simply put , a weak state can not enforce contracts and property rights , while a state that is strong enough to enforce them must control its own bureaucrats .
Even political and religious leaders hostile to change and industrialization are not uncommon .
Intelligent Economic Design BERKELEY -- As Stephen Cohen , with whom I wrote The End of Influence : What Happens When Other Countries Have the Money , likes to say , economies do not evolve ; they are , rather , intelligently designed .
He also likes to say that , though there is an intelligence behind their design , this does not mean that the design is in any sense wise .
Since long before Croesus , King of Lydia , came up with the game-changing idea of standardized `` coinage , '' what governments have done and not done to structure , nudge , and put their thumbs on the scales has been decisively important for economic development .
It does not mean that the design is smart or optimal .
Moreover , the government officials , lobbyists , and interest groups doing the designing may not have the public interest in mind -- or even know what the public interest happens to be .
It is not out of line with other American yardsticks : since the output trough , real GDP has grown at an average rate of 2.86 % \/ year , barely above the rate of growth of the US economy 's productive potential .
And it is not out of line with the experience of other rich economies , whether Japan or in Europe .
The downturn was not caused by a liquidity squeeze , so the Fed can not wave its wand and return asset prices to their pre-recession configuration .
And that means that the entrepreneurial problems of are much more complex , for recovery is not a matter of reviving what used to be profitable to produce , but rather of figuring out what will be profitable to produce in the future .
Indeed , I believe that things are even worse : as long as aggregate demand remains low , we can not even tell which pieces are right side up .
So , what America needs now is not just a recovery in demand , but also structural adjustment .
Unfortunately , the market can not produce a demand recovery rapidly by itself .
And it can not produce structural adjustment at all until a demand recovery is well under way .
Minsky -LRB- 1919-1996 -RRB- is best approached not through his collected essays , entitled Can `` It '' Happen Again ? , but rather through the use Kindleberger -LRB- 1910-2003 -RRB- made of his work in his 1978 book Manias , Panics , and Crashes : A History of Financial Crises .
We need more Eichengreens , Shillers , Akerlofs , Reinharts , and Rogoffs -- not to mention a Kindleberger , Minsky , or Bagehot .
Yet that is not what economics departments are saying nowadays .
Therefore , when this construction cycle has run its course , the US will first have spent an excess $ 300 billion , and then fallen short of trend by a cumulative $ 2 trillion of spending not undertaken .
Otherwise , the construction-led economic slowdown would not be today 's $ 1 trillion in annual lost production .
And , because those buildings will not be there , construction demand will come roaring back .
But that is not now .
But , even though we can see the magnitude of the construction shortfall and understand how large it will be when recovery is complete , that does not help right now .
They will ask them why they did not take more aggressive steps to return nominal incomes and demand to trend levels when they were sitting in the hot seats .
Nobody knows whether the debt-ceiling tripwire will be evaded ; if so , how ; or what will happen if it is not .
Or interest rates could rise if people expect a much weaker global economy -- and , in a weaker global economy with no inflation , investors should be holding more US Treasuries , not fewer .
So , rather than talking about the US debt ceiling , let us think instead about all of the things that the debt-ceiling impasse has prevented the US government from doing during the past six months -- all of the useful policies that might have been debated and enacted , but were not .
The risks imposed by global warming , for example , have not gone away .
Another six months should not be lost .
But opportunities to pursue the necessary policies have not been grasped .
Here , too , another six months should not be lost .
It has not , even as the European Union continues to respond inadequately to its own slow-moving solvency crises .
During the run-up to World War II , Winston Churchill , speaking in Parliament , lamented `` the years that the locusts hath eaten '' -- the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day -LRB- the rise of Continental fascism -RRB- could have been taken , but was not .
It is becoming increasingly clear , however , that the problem is one not only for the US , but for the rest of the world as well .
BERKELEY -- US Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke is not regarded as an oracle in the way that his predecessor , Alan Greenspan , was before the financial crisis .
First of all , Bernanke did not propose any further easing of monetary policy to support the stalled recovery -- or , rather , the non-recovery .
Finally , Bernanke claimed that `` the growth fundamentals of the United States do not appear to have been permanently altered by the shocks of the past four years . ''
Frankly , I do not understand how Bernanke can say any of these things right now .
If he and the rest of the Federal Open Market Committee thought that the projected growth of nominal spending in the US was on an appropriate recovery path two months ago , they can not believe that today .
As a result , the Depression did not cast a shadow on future growth -- or , rather , the shadow was overwhelmed by the blinding floodlights of five years of mobilization for total war against Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan .
The world in the future will be a riskier place than we thought it was -- not because government will no longer offer guarantees that it should never have offered in the first place , but rather because the real risk that one 's customers might vanish in a prolonged depression is back .
I do not know by how much this extra risk will impede the growth of the US and global economies .
As a result , America would not just end this episode 3 % poorer than it might have been ; the gap would grow -- to 7 % by 2035 and 11 % by 2055 .
This is the shape of things to come if steps are not taken now to recover rapidly from this lesser depression , and then to implement policies to boost private capital , infrastructure , and education investment back up to trend .
Perhaps that would be enough to reassure everyone that policymakers ' current acquiescence in a prolonged slump was a horrible mistake that will not be repeated .
BERKELEY -- When the European Central Bank announced its program of government-bond purchases , it let financial markets know that it thoroughly disliked the idea , was not fully committed to it , and would reverse the policy as soon as it could .
By making it clear from the outset that it did not trust its own policy , the ECB practically guaranteed its failure .
The ECB continues to believe that financial stability is not part of its core business .
The Bank of England 's charter did not give it the legal authority to undertake such lender-of-last-resort financial-stability operations .
But the leaders of Parliament also believed that the absence of a codified authority to act as lender of last resort would not keep the Bank of England from doing so when necessity commanded .
But the short-run view is not the important one .
The continuation of rapid US productivity growth through the recent recession and into the subsequent low-wattage recovery is a very strong piece of evidence that America 's long-run rate of GDP and productivity growth has shifted upward permanently , or , if not permanently , at least for a period of time likely to be measured in decades .
America , of course , is not alone among industrial nations that have seen productivity growth accelerate since the second half of the 1990 's .
But the rest of Western Europe and Japan have not .
In Robert Gordon 's estimation-and in mine-the roots of an economy-wide high-tech productivity boom like the one seen in the US are so delicate that they flourish in American but not in continental European soil .
A fall in the value of the dollar reduces Americans ' standard of living , but it does not cause the kind of liquidity and solvency crises we have seen so often in the past decade -- at least not if New York 's major financial institutions have well-hedged derivative books ; if not , all bets may be off .
So an end to capital inflows to the US should not set off the worries about solvency and the derangement of finance that generated recessions in Mexico and East Asia and Argentina 's deep depression .
But broken eggs do not necessarily make an omelet : Bush 's massive -LRB- and still growing -RRB- fiscal deficits have stimulated nothing but jitters about a prolonged slowdown in capital formation , household consumption , and economic growth .
African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush -- not some left-wing Democrat -- who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich 's proudest achievement : the partial reform of agricultural subsidies .
At the moment , administration insiders are trying to convince elite journalists that Bush did not deceive outsiders about Saddam Hussein 's nuclear weapons program .
No one in this supposedly conservative administration had ever heard of Machiavelli 's 500-year-old warning not to trust exiles ?
`` Such is their extreme desire to return to their homes , '' Machiavelli wrote , apropos of Ahmad Chalabi and the Iraqi National Congress , `` that they naturally believe many things that are not true , and add many others on purpose ; so that , with what they really believe and what they say they believe , they fill you with hopes ... ''
They speak explicitly about America 's interest in preserving its relative , not just absolute , economic power .
It is certainly not in the interest of China or India to remain poor .
But it is not in America 's national interest , either .
The world can not afford to have pseudo-conservatives at high levels of the US government who do not work for global peace and prosperity , but instead for a dangerously wrongheaded geopolitical strategy .
By contrast , nearly everything that George W. Bush 's economic policy team has touched has turned to , well , if not lead , at least to a state that inspires observers , both inside and outside the administration , to shake their heads and mutter about a horribly wasted opportunity .
Weisberg is not given a mere `` with , '' but the full credit of a co-author that the word `` and '' delivers .
Pounding a table and shouting does not make unwanted facts disappear .
Rubin 's recognition that the world is a complicated , poorly-understood place , where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen -- and where we can not merely consult some map drawn by John Maynard Keynes or Milton Friedman or some neo-conservative pundit -- seems to have been the most powerful of his secret weapons .
But in reading In an Uncertain World , you soon see that `` probabilistic thinking '' was not Rubin 's only weapon .
All of these policymaking skills , however , would have been of little use had they not been pointed in the right direction .
Had the Federal Reserve been more aggressive in pushing interest rates down , or had Bush and Congress passed tax cuts aimed at boosting short-term demand and employment , the US economy would have grown at a pace not seen in a generation and a half .
This may or may not be enough to produce lots of payroll jobs and significantly cut the unemployment rate , but it will be enough growth for the US to continue to be the fastest growing component of the world economy 's post-industrial core .
However , the absence of rapid growth in western Europe and Japan is not a great handicap for developing countries , because Europe and Japan were never all that open to imports from developing countries to begin with .
Solid demand growth in the US will provide increased demand for developing-country exports -- albeit not at the prices that prevailed when the dollar was stronger .
We do not know , but we do know that it will .
Similarly , we do not know when world trade in information services like form processing , accounting , and customer service will truly boom as a result of the Internet and the fiber-optic cable .
Karl Marx was not wholly wrong when he wrote that the most industrialized countries are mirrors in which the rest of the world can see its own future .
Card-carrying neo-liberals like me , who pushed for opening capital flows wide in the early 1990 's , had a particular vision in mind . But the future that we hoped for did not come to pass .
`` Why not free up capital flows and so encourage large-scale lending from the rich to the poor ? '' we asked .
The first era was not an unqualified success .
Looking at the capital flow reversal into the US , I can not argue that the second era has been an unqualified success either . It is nice that Mexican workers and entrepreneurs are gaining experience in export manufactures , and successful enough to run a trade surplus vis-à-vis the US .
It is not possible for a card-carrying neo-liberal like me to wish for anything but the most minor of controls to curb speculative of capital flows .
Unlike in the heyday of liberalism , money from the world 's rich countries simply is not going to give peripheral economies the priceless gift of rapid , successful development .
This does not mean that employment in America can not grow .
The logic of stagnant employment is not that adding jobs to the American economy is impossible , but that demand growth is insufficient to create more jobs than are lost .
What is unexpected is that the new wealth is flowing not to the shareholders of dot-com companies , but to purchasers and users of high-tech capital and the consumers they serve .
As the world 's leading-edge economy , America faces the hardest work in ensuring growth , for it must create - not only copy and adapt - new technologies , better forms of capital , and more productive business organizations .
Modern industrial war is , as the computer in the 1982 movie War Games put it , a very peculiar game : `` The only way to win is not to play . ''
We have seen wars of extermination like the one that Hitler and the Nazis waged against not just Jews and Gypsies , but Poles and Russians .
Academic foreign policy `` realists '' -LRB- who somehow strike me as not a very realistic bunch -RRB- attributed the end of Franco-German antagonism to the fact that they had something bigger to be scared of : Russia , which was terrifying under Stalin , frightening under Khrushchev , and worrisome under Brezhnev .
I hope that it is the fact of European interdependence - an interdependence carefully constructed by Jean Monnet , Robert Schumann , Konrad Adenauer , and those who followed in their footsteps - and not the memory of the horror of World War II that has caused the armies that used to cross the Rhine in arms to vanish .
If not , then Angell may well continue to be as irrelevant as he was right .
For example , Americans must buy cars because public transport is so lousy . The value of the cars is calculated in American GDP , but European public-transport systems are counted not at their value to passengers but as a cost to government .
Moreover , the economy-wide productivity gap between the US and Western Europe does not appear to be widening very rapidly , if at all .
Labor force participation is lower - and a substantial part of that lower labor force participation is not the result of untrammeled choice but of discouraged workers and institutions that make it very difficult for households that have every adult at work .
According to this view , the principal problem faced by central banks will not be restraining demand as it shoots above potential , but boosting demand as it lags behind potential .
Even if an economist correctly understands fundamentals , Dornbusch warned , that does n't mean that markets do . In forecasting interest rates one is engaged not in examining fundamentals , but in predicting what average market opinion expects average market opinion about fundamentals to be .
So let me place my bet - which I think is only 60 % likely - and say that my best guess is that world real interest rates will be high over the next generation , and that current bond prices -LRB- and real estate prices -RRB- are not sustainable .
Definitely not . ''
But that is my hope , not my forecast .
As the US current-account deficit rose over the past half-decade , international economists have lined up to predict doom : returns on assets invested in the US are relatively low , so at some point - probably all at once - holders of dollar-denominated securities will realize that the risk of suffering a major crash in value is not being adequately compensated .
· Second , trend-chasers keep buying because the returns have been so good in the recent past , thus pushing the overvaluation to a height and duration that orthodox economists can not explain .
But if international currency speculators get the scent of near-inevitable profits from an ongoing dollar decline in their nostrils , all Asian central banks together will not be able to keep the dollar high .
But this economic logic does not apply in the case of increases in oil prices . Although high oil prices look like a tax on business activity that depresses aggregate demand , they also raise inflation , both directly and indirectly .
A decade later , we have high oil prices , but they are not due to a well-designed tax , either in America or elsewhere .
What will happen to confidence in governments that can not solve the problem ?
Were it not for the Stability and Growth Pact , a Keynesian spending-led program could provide the demand needed to reduce unemployment .
Nobel Prize winners such as Edward Prescott have no business talking about the benefits of tax cuts without pointing out that a tax cut accompanied by spending increases is not a tax cut at all , but rather a tax shift onto the future - and a tax shift that raises risk and discourages accumulation .
Indeed , the tendency towards superficiality in coverage of economic issues may have led campaign managers to believe that the press will so distort their message that they dare not even try to set out what they regard as the true rationales for their economic policies .
Just as the Federal Reserve exists to ensure that monetary policy is not inconsistent with price stability , the Fiscal Stabilization Board would guarantee that spending authority remains in line with the legislated level of taxes .
Covered wagons were not cheap .
Even for those not so lucky , economic risks were usually fairly low : the unemployment rate for married men during the 1960 's averaged 2.7 % , and finding a new job was a relatively simple matter .
It was during this era -- roughly from 1948 to 1973 -- that sociologists found that a majority of Americans had come to define themselves not as working class , but as middle class .
The economy did not stagger under the weight of ample benefits or high taxes .
Americans -- at least white , male Americans -- did not have to worry about tradeoffs between security and opportunity , because the US offered the advantages of both .
A government that can not balance its own finances can not be relied on to provide macroeconomic stability .
Social Security 's actuaries may not have fully recognized the impact of today 's technological revolutions , but they have markedly boosted the scale of the system that the US government can afford .
In reality , this is more of an opportunity than a problem : if we did not expect that doctors and nurses will be able to do marvelous things in a generation or two that they can not do now , we would not be projecting serious fiscal deficits arising from the health programs .
The first is simple incompetence : Bush and his inner circle simply do not understand the magnitude and importance of the federal government 's other fiscal problems .
This deficit is entirely of Bush 's own creation , having enacted -- and now seeking to extend -- tax cuts that are not cuts at all , because they merely shift the burden of fiscal consolidation onto future generations .
This is also partly Bush 's doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first-term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment .
Dealing with the short - and medium-run deficit would be fairly straightforward : decide how large a share of GDP the federal government should take up , set spending at that level , and set taxes so that the budget is balanced -LRB- or so that the debt-to-GDP ratio is not growing -RRB- over the business cycle .
What is not straightforward is how to address the imminent explosion of health-care costs .
In fact , projections of rapidly rising Medicare and Medicaid spending in the US -- and similarly rapidly-rising governmental health care expenditures elsewhere in the developed world -- are not so such a problem to be solved as the side effects of an opportunity to be grasped .
The problem is that private insurance markets do not work well when the buyer knows much more about what is being insured than the seller .
To what extent do we hold on to our belief that when it comes to saving lives , medical care should be distributed on the basis of patients ' needs , not their wealth ?
The Bush administration has yet to realize this , but other governments are not thinking hard enough , either .
Most academic economics rely on concepts laid down at the beginning of the twentieth century by the British economist Alfred Marshall , who said that `` nature does not make leaps . ''
The central bias of this toolkit is that we should trust the market to solve the problems we set it , and that we should not expect small -LRB- or even large -RRB- changes to have huge effects .
A technological leap that raises the wages of the skilled and educated will induce others to become skilled and educated , restoring balance so that inequality does not grow too much .
But these innovations served only to increase the human population , not raise median standards of living .
And why is today 's world so unequal that it is hard to find any measures of global distribution that do not show divergence at least up until the 1980 's ?
The real sources of growth are not to be found in supplies and demands and the allocation of scarce resources to alternative uses , but in technological and organizational change -- about which economists have too little to say .
A peasant in the Yangtze Valley in the late seventeenth century had a different style of life than his or her contemporary peasant in the Thames Valley , but not one that was clearly better or worse .
The end of the American housing bubble might not turn out badly .
But so far it has not .
The second factor that could push US interest rates sharply upward is not fear of a decline in the future value of the dollar , but the fact of a past decline in its value .
This would mean a depression not just for the US , but for Asia and probably Europe as well , for the US can remain the world 's importer of last resort and guarantor of effective demand only as long as its domestic consumption is strong .
And yet journalists -- not very experienced reporters , to be sure -- ask me who is likely to get the `` plum job '' of Fed Chair next year .
America certainly does not have a savings glut .
America has a savings deficiency , not a glut .
But what the world economy is facing is not a savings glut , but an investment deficiency .
Since the mid-1990 's , the net current-account surplus of `` all the rest '' has risen by an amount that one Federal Reserve Bank economist has put at $ 450 billion a year , not because savings rates have increased , but because investment rates have fallen .
As the seventeenth-century poet John Donne put it , `` Ask not for whom the bell tolls -- it tolls for thee . ''
On one hand , because it covered only those countries projected to emit roughly half of the world 's greenhouse-gas emissions by mid-century , it was not an effective long-run safeguard against the dangers of global warming .
Providing the proper incentives for effective research and development will not be easy .
Or perhaps we are hoping that the `` we '' whose interests are taken into account when important decisions are made will not be the `` we '' who are among the big losers .
But our chances of ensuring a more sustainable world would be higher if we had not allowed ourselves to be blinded for the past decade by the combination of the public-relations stunt known as the Kyoto Treaty and the idiocy-as-usual known as the Bush administration .
He has not .
Noonan is not quite correct .
George W. Bush presented himself not as a normal conservative , but as something he called a `` compassionate conservative , '' thus preserving a certain amount of ambiguity .
But then a strange thing happened : the Bush administration did not order any of the three options that were thought to be on the menu .
It is not that Republicans and conservatives think that the Bush administration has adopted the wrong method , but that they do n't see any method at all that has driven them into their -LRB- late -RRB- fiscal-policy revolt .
Even after depreciation , that $ 130 billion of extra annual income is capitalized at about $ 1.5 trillion of wealth , so the current-account deficit , even at $ 1 trillion , is not overwhelmingly large .
But foreign-currency speculators and international investors are not looking forward to either of these scenarios .
They continue to hold very large positions in dollar-denominated assets , which they would not do if they thought the US faced a choice between a cheap dollar and a deep depression .
But not the dollar .
It also has people who do set up 401 -LRB- k -RRB- accounts and then invest them badly -- for example , Enron workers whose 401 -LRB- k -RRB- money was overwhelmingly invested in company stock lost not only their jobs when the company went bankrupt , but also their pension assets .
These problems are not America 's alone , for they are inherent to all efforts to privatize social welfare .
If it were , his new press secretary would not be describing himself as `` dopey . ''
That 's simply not the business they saw themselves as being in .
The problem is not that the Washington Post and papers like it hire people who are unintelligent or lazy . The problem is that conveying accurate information about the economy is far down the list of priorities for normal news reporters .
The answer is simple , and it is a matter of demand , not supply .
Milton Friedman was not the most famous and influential economist in the world &#45; &#45; that honor belongs to John Maynard Keynes . But Milton Friedman ran a close second .
But Keynes 's theory was incomplete : his was a theory of employment , interest , and money . It was not a theory of prices .
Moreover , Friedman believed that even when private interests were not aligned with public interests , that government could not be relied on to fix the problem .
At the same time , Friedman believed that even when the market equilibrium was not the utilitarian social-welfare optimum , and even when government could be used to improve matters from a utilitarian point of view , there was still an additional value in letting human freedom have the widest berth possible .
I do not know whether Keynes or Friedman was more right in their deep orientation . But I do think that the tension between their two views has been a very valuable driving force for human progress over the past hundred years .
But the right way to look at the situation -- if Florida and Cuba are our alternatives -- is not to say that Florida has too much inequality , but that Cuba has much too much poverty .
The problems that can be addressed are those of poverty and social insurance -- of providing a safety net -- not of inequality .
Ceci Rouse and Orley Ashenfelter of Princeton University report that they find no signs that those who receive little education do so because education does not pay off for them : if anything , the returns to an extra year of schooling appear greater for those who get little education than for those who get a lot .
This is not because a CEO 's work effort and negotiation and management skills are ten times more valuable nowadays , but because other corporate stakeholders have become less able to constrain top managers and financiers from capturing more of the value-added .
Within each country , the increase in inequality that we have seen in the past generation is predominantly a result of failures of social investment and changes in regulations and expectations , and has not been accompanied by any acceleration in the overall rate of economic growth .
For the most part , it looks like these changes in economy and society have not resulted in more wealth , but only in an upward redistribution of wealth -- a successful right-wing class war .
An unequal society can not help but be an unjust society .
Societies that promise equality of opportunity thus can not afford to allow inequality of outcomes to become too great .
As Harvard 's Robert Barro has recently pointed out , fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe -- even one that spares a subset of assets that can not be specified in advance -- will not affect relative asset prices , because investors have no motive to sell or buy any particular asset .
But a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution , and that quarter of my brain can not see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump .
Mr. Greenspan was a strong believer , in practice if not in theory -- for who could understand his theory ? -- that central bankers should speak in an opaque and convoluted dialect .
But they would either not see or be cynically indifferent to the problems of stagflation that would inevitably follow .
But , the argument went , the Fed could not say that this was what it was doing in clear and transparent language , for , if voters and politicians could understand central bankers , they would then force them into following destructive inflationary policies that would be worse for everyone , at least in the long run .
The more central banks talk , and the clearer they try to make their language , the more it seems that markets may be reacting excessively and inappropriately to statements that are not really news at all .
More information may be leading not to better knowledge , but to more confusion .
But perhaps this is not too great a deviation , for the behavior of the press affects not only politics , but economics as well .
In other words , Hiatt finds fault with himself and his organization for saying the right thing , but not loudly enough .
Next , consider a comment by the former editor of the New York Times , Max Frankel , about how the Washington ecology of media leaks is healthy , because `` most reporters do not just lazily regurgitate ... leaks . ''
It was the summer of 2000 when I began asking Republicans I know -- generally people who might be natural candidates for various sub-cabinet policy positions in a Republican administration -- how worried they were that the Republican presidential candidate , George W. Bush , was clearly not up to the job .
They were not worried , they told me , that Bush was inadequately briefed and strangely incurious for a man who sought the most powerful office in the world .
He was not just under-briefed , but also lazy : he insisted on remaining under-briefed .
He was not just incurious , but also arrogant : he insisted on making uninformed decisions , and hence made decisions that were essentially random .
So , by the summer of 2001 , a pattern was set that would lead British observer Daniel Davies to ask if there was a Bush administration policy on anything of even moderate importance that had not been completely bollixed up .
But this has not been the case .
Nominal bonds are not well hedged against inflation , and , over the long run , assets that are claims to cash without effective control are highly vulnerable to financial vultures .
Deals like China 's investment in Blackstone postpone that backlash , but not for long : $ 3 billion is equivalent to what China accumulates in reserve in less than three working days .
This `` great moderation '' was not anticipated when Alan Greenspan took office .
China was growing , but median living standards were not clearly in excess of those of China 's so-called `` golden years '' of the early 1950 's , after land redistribution and before forced collectivization turned the peasantry into serfs .
Of course , the years since 1987 have not been without big macroeconomic shocks .
Moreover , today 's global imbalances and misaligned real exchange rates threaten to bring on not just mild recession , but significant and prolonged depression .
Economists have proposed three explanations for why macroeconomic catastrophes have not caused more human suffering and deranged long-run economic growth over the past generation .
We should be happy and grateful , but we should not expect it to continue .
Before 1985 , by contrast , financial markets were overwhelmingly dominated by the herd behavior of short-term traders , people who sought not to identify fundamentals , but to predict what average opinion would expect average opinion to be , and to predict it before average opinion did .
Our luck has not been good since 1985 .
It is hard to imagine that manufacturers are not now postponing orders of capitals goods , and that new home sales in America are not dropping right now .
A decade ago , Alan Greenspan likened his problems of monetary management to driving a new car , having it suddenly stop , opening the hood , and not understanding a thing about what he saw .
In all these cases , the liability holders -- i.e. , the depositors -- have been promised liquidity , yet that promise can not be kept if it is ever doubted .
Central banks should not focus only on keeping markets liquid .
Alan Greenspan on Trial The release of Alan Greenspan 's ghostwritten memoirs The Age of Turbulence has elicited charges that he was not such a great central banker after all .
He says that he did not understand how the growth of non-standard mortgages had lured borrowers and investors into bearing dangerous risks .
He testified that it is important to run surpluses to pay down the debt , but that surpluses must not be so large that the government winds up owning American industry .
Robert Rubin and Kent Conrad warned him that the press would not interpret his testimony as being balanced , and that Congress would interpret it as an excuse to abandon fiscal discipline . They were right .
Here , Greenspan holds his ground , and pleads not guilty .
High construction employment has been good for American workers in the past half-decade -- a period that has not produced much good for them .
And Greenspan eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
All in all , Greenspan served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
As long as imbalances of world trade and capital flows unwind slowly and smoothly , the magnitude of any global economic distress should be relatively small . Of course , it will not seem small to exporters and their workers who lose their American markets , or to Americans who lose access to cheap capital provided by foreigners .
A formal recession , however , is not an overwhelming probability , and is likely to be small .
The prospect of a truly hard landing -- that global investors wake up one morning , suddenly recognize the US current account 's can not be sustained , dump dollars , and bring about a crash of the global economy -- is becoming less likely with each passing day .
Under two plausible scenarios -- both concerning China -- the unwinding of global imbalances could cause regional if not global depression .
In the first scenario , China continues to attempt to maintain full employment in Shanghai , Guangzhou , and elsewhere not by stimulating domestic demand but by trying to boost exports further by keeping the renminbi stable against the dollar and falling in value against the euro .
The consequences of this are now manifested in property and stock market inflation , but not yet in rampant and uncontrolled consumer price inflation -- at least for now .
But if China does not accelerate the renminbi 's revaluation , the world might see a large burst of consumer inflation in China in the next two or three years .
I can not judge the strength of these factions , or whether they know that the falling US current account deficit and dollar may lessen the urgency of adjustment in the rest of the world , but not in China .
By contrast , a world in which the dollar has already fallen is one that may see economic turmoil , but not an economic crisis .
On the contrary , in this scenario there are opportunities : the dollar , after all , might rise ; US interest rates will be at normal levels ; asset values will not be unduly depressed ; and investment spending will not be affected by financial turmoil .
The large gap between US and foreign long-term interest rates that should emerge from and signal expectations of a falling dollar does not exist .
Yet the typical investor in dollar-denominated assets -- whether a rich private individual , a pension fund , or a central bank -- has not taken the steps to protect themselves against the very likely dollar decline in our future .
The fact that economists ca n't explain it is no reason not to be thankful .
First , America can not run enormous -LRB- and growing ! -RRB- current-account deficits forever : at some point the desire of foreign investors to hold ever-increasing shares of their wealth in America must wane and then reverse .
Short-term interest rates can not be pushed much lower .
Similarly , whatever spending increases the US Congress approves this fall will not have significant effects on government spending until the summer and fall of 2004 .
Even the conservative-minded '' Economist '' observes that the Bush Administration 's proposals are not a short-term economic stimulus : they simply do `` not provide the short , sharp boost for which many political leaders , including Mr Bush himself , have been calling . ''
If and when the proposed tax cuts are fully phased in , they will not provide the $ 1,000 a year boost to the income of 90 million households that the Bush Administration implies they will .
Looking further out , US fiscal policy 's long-run problems will become increasingly visible and urgent : there is not even a hint of a plan for reconciling the long-term costs of the social insurance state with American taxpayers ' limited patience with high taxes .
The high rents paid to noble landlords increase their wealth and power by giving them the resources to keep the peasants down and widen the surplus -- for , after all , they can not make more land .
First , the key resources that command high prices and thus produce wealth are not fixed , like land , but are variable : the skills of craft workers and engineers , the energy and experience of entrepreneurs , and machines and buildings are all things that can be multiplied .
As a result , high prices for scarce resources lead not to zero - or negative-sum political games of transfer but to positive-sum economic games of training more craft workers and engineers , mentoring more entrepreneurs and managers , and investing in more machines and buildings .
On the private supply side , higher returns have not called forth more investment in people .
And increasing rewards for those at the increasingly sharp peak of the income distribution have not called forth enough enterprising market competition to erode that peak .
But Wolf 's solution is not enough , for the problem is not confined to high finance .
A government that understood that it was the people 's agent and not a dispenser of favors and benefits .
After all , other arrangements for allocating labor appear to involve more domination and alienation than the labor market , which offers people opportunities , not constraints .
Nevertheless , the distribution of economic welfare produced by the market economy does not fit anyone 's conception of the just or the best .
You can complain that redistribution and industrial policy were economically inefficient , but not that they were unpopular .
Irving Kristol , sometime editor of the magazine The Public Interest and one of the intellectual midwives of this idea , later wrote that he was interested not in whether it was true , but in whether it was useful .
The task ... was to create a new ... conservative ... Republican majority -- so political effectiveness was the priority , not the accounting deficiencies of government ... ''
There are not even crude gross correlation-based estimates of the size of this effect , but economists believe that it is very real .
They calculated that 75 % to 80 % of economic growth did not come from increasing the capital-output ratio -- at least not if the private marginal product of capital was taken as an indicator of the social marginal product .
Yet capital continued to be seen as necessary , if not sufficient .
And even when other factors constrain growth more , they can not be changed without changing the shape and form of the economy 's capital stock .
For most of the past generation , and looking into the future , the message of the market is that the benefits of international capital mobility do not include a relaxation of the capital constraint , and thus an acceleration of growth in the global periphery .
The reason is not that the periphery offers an attractive labor force from which capital profits , but rather that the core -- especially the United States -- offers a form of protection for capital against unanticipated political disturbances .
The Democrats ' Line in the Sand BERKELEY -- Ever since the 1928 work of Frank Ramsey , economists have accepted the utilitarian argument that a good economy is one in which returns on investment are not too great a multiple -- less than three -- of the rate of per capita economic growth .
This idea has also given rise to a very strong presumption that if an economy as a whole is under-saving and under-investing , the government ought to help to correct this problem by running surpluses , not make it worse by running deficits that drain the pool of private savings available to fund investment .
But the rule is that governments should run surpluses and not deficits , so various American presidents ' economic advisers have been advocates of aiming for budget surpluses except in times of slack demand and threatening depression .
It was true of Reagan 's economic advisers as well . Some of Reagan 's advisers sincerely did not believe that the tax cuts of the early 1980 's would generate the large deficits that they did -LRB- Beryl Sprinkel and Lawrence Kudlow come to mind -RRB- .
Others , like Martin Feldstein and Murray Weidenbaum , understood the consequences of the Reagan tax cuts and were bitter bureaucratic opponents , even if they did not speak out publicly .
As for the rest , their reasons for supporting the Bush administration 's savings-draining policies remain mysterious . It is not as though they were angling for lifetime White House cafeteria privileges , or that having said `` yes '' to George W. Bush will open any doors for them in the future .
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link , and it seems pointless to work to strengthen the Democratic links of the chain of fiscal advice when the Republican links are not just weak but absent .
Fiscal deficits so large that they put the debt-to-GDP ratio on an explosive upward trend do not merely act as a drag on long-term economic growth ; they also create the possibility that at any moment the economy might face an immediate macroeconomic and financial disaster .
A more hawkish fiscal stance may no longer be possible in future Democratic administrations , and might not be good policy if it were , given the likely complexion of successor administrations .
Stabilizing the debt-to-GDP ratio is thus the line in the sand that must not be crossed .
Suppose Brazilian interest rates stabilize at a high but not astronomical 10 % , the economy grows at 4 % per year , and the government achieves a `` primary surplus '' -- a surplus of taxes over program spending -- equivalent to 4 % of GDP .
If such people can not be appeased , or if they panic for no particular reason , then everything goes down the drain .
It is not at all clear that the Bush Administration and today 's IMF can offer similar support .
So Lula 's odds do not look particularly high .
But I agree with Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn that it is not wise to focus on teaching financiers lessons about moral hazard when doing so risks collateral damage in the form of the destruction of millions of jobs .
If employment and incomes in America crash , US demand for imports crashes -- and not just America but the whole world will slide into recession .
That would not be good for America or the world .
If you had asked me a year ago whether this degree of financial chaos was consistent with a domestic US economy not clearly in recession , I would have said no. .
But that does not mean that the water will not eventually run down the hill .
BERKELEY -- For more than 170 years , it has been accepted doctrine that markets are not to be trusted when there is a liquidity squeeze .
When the prices of even safe assets fall and interest rates climb to sky-high levels because traders and financiers collectively want more liquid assets than currently exist , it is simply not safe to let the market sort things out .
For more than half that time -- say , 85 years -- it has been accepted doctrine that markets are also not to be trusted even in normal times , lest doing so lead to a liquidity squeeze or to an inflationary bubble .
But now it appears that , despite all this , we still have not had enough central planning in finance .
It is not that the world economy faces a liquidity squeeze .
Some will be used to buy back stock -- thus concentrating the equity and raising the value of the stock that is not bought back . Some will be reinvested and used to boost the company 's capital stock .
But stock market declines that are not accompanied by steep and persistent collapses in earnings are by their nature temporary : they are provoked by steep rises in perceived risk , and if those risks turn out to be overblown , stocks rebound when the perception of risk falls .
But for those who do not need to spend soon , the recent decline in equity values is more an opportunity than a catastrophe .
We liked the stocks in our portfolio a year ago for their long-term prospects . Today 's short-term crisis does not materially alter their long-term prospects .
? Ensure that homeowners and small investors do not absorb too much loss , for their only `` crime '' was to accept bad risks , which they would not have done in a world of properly diversified portfolios .
Had the Fed and the Treasury given those two objectives their proper -- subsidiary -- weight , I suspect that we would not now be in this mess , and that the danger of a global depression would still be very far away .
But this was not true of bondholders and counterparties , who were paid in full .
That , the Fed and the Treasury believed , could not be healthy .
But that required , at some point , allowing some bank to fail , and persuading some debt holders and counterparties that the government guarantee of support to institutions that were too big to fail was not certain .
The Lehman Brothers bankruptcy created an extraordinary and immediate demand for additional bank capital , which the private sector could not supply .
In retrospect , the Treasury should have identified all such entities and started buying common stock in them -- whether they liked it or not -- until the crisis passed .
The East Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 was sharp but short and quickly cured once the IMF realized that feckless governments were not the problem and then United States Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin parachuted the New York banks into South Korea 's economy .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot-com bubble in 2000-2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name `` recession . ''
But the book does not tell us what `` depression economics '' is supposed to replace .
Today , short-run economic policy can not just be left to the central bank alone . For one thing , its balance sheet is not big enough .
But central banks today are influencing asset prices through a very large number of channels and procedures other than conventional open-market operations : they are trying to affect not just duration discounts but risk , default , and information-driven discounts as well .
But in today 's prevailing conditions , we can not afford this perspective .
As N. Gregory Mankiw said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when he was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science .
I can understand -LRB- though I disagree with -RRB- opponents of the stimulus plan who believe that the situation is not that dire ; that the government spending will be slow and wasteful -LRB- whereas properly targeted tax cuts would provide a more effective stimulus -RRB- ; and thus that it would have been better to defeat Obama 's stimulus bill and try again in a couple of months .
What I do not understand is opposition based on the claim that the stimulus package simply will not work : the government will spend its money , households will receive their tax rebates , and nothing will happen afterwards to boost employment and production .
In fact , there is a surprisingly large current of thought that maintains that stimulus packages simply do not work , ever .
This opposition is not coming only from politicians who are calculating that opposition to whatever is proposed may yield electoral benefits ; indeed , it does not even reflect any coherent right-wing or indeed left-wing political position .
I simply do not understand their arguments that government spending can not boost the economy .
But you can not argue that these groups did not increase their spending , and that their increased spending did not pull large numbers of Americans -- roughly two million in each case -- into productive and valued employment .
If businesses ' enthusiasm for spending on high-tech gadgetry and new homeowners ' enthusiasm for spending on three-bedroom houses can boost employment and production , then what argument can Harvey , Fama , Barro , Steil , and company make that government spending will not ?
I simply do not see it .
Kick-Starting Employment BERKELEY -- Unemployment is currently rising like a rocket , because businesses that normally would be expanding and hiring are not , and those businesses that would normally be contracting and shedding workers are doing so very rapidly .
Businesses that ought to be expanding and hiring can not , because the depressed general level of financial asset prices prevents them from borrowing money or selling bonds on profitable terms .
The US Treasury is asking the private sector to put $ 35 billion into this $ 500 billion fund so that the fund managers all have some `` skin in the game , '' and thus do not take excessive risks with the taxpayers ' money .
And 2 % of assets under management is an annual fee that many sophisticated investors have been willing to pay private hedge funds -- topped off with an extra fee of 20 % of annual profits , which the Treasury is not paying .
Even though the US government is doing other things as well -- fiscal stimulus , quantitative easing , and other uses of bailout funds -- it is not doing everything it should .
My guess is that the reason that the US government is not doing all it should can be stated in three words : Senator George Voinovich , who is the 60th vote in the Senate -- the vote needed to close off debate and enact a bill .
The administration 's tacticians appear to think that they are not on board -- especially after the recent AIG bonus scandal -- whereas the Geithner Plan relies on authority that the administration already has .
Doing more would require a legislative coalition that is not there yet .
The problem is not that such women on average want fewer than two children ; in fact , on average they wish to have a bit more than two .
A world population that peaks at 9-10 billion is not one in which we have to worry about Parson Malthus , the English 19th century economist who prophesied a future in which people multiply faster than the resources needed to sustain them and hence starve to death by the millions .
Today , however , the political flashpoint over food is not that there is too little , but that there is too much .
Given the complexion of the US Democratic Party 's key constituencies , this is not surprising .
Indeed , Bush has backed several major anti-liberal initiatives : a steel tariff , the expansion of agricultural subsidies , and a declaration that FTAA -LRB- Free Trade Agreement of the Americas -RRB- negotiations can not even consider the impact of US agricultural subsidy programs on trade .
The fact that most countries are completing the demographic transition does not guarantee that all will .
The world 's high - and middle-income countries should not imagine that the relatively rich can fence themselves off indefinitely from poverty and misery in the poorest countries .
So does the ability of households to borrow and lend in order not to be forced to match income and expenditure every day , week , month , or year .
Shareholder democracy simply does not work , but managers ' fear that if the stock price drops too low they will be out on their ears provides a useful restraint .
We do not live in such a world .
It is also true that when we invest our wealth -- in Pfizer 's intellectual property , factories in Shenzhen , worldwide distribution networks , or shopping malls in Atlanta -- it is not , in fact , at hand .
Our financial wealth is not liquid in an emergency .
And when we buy and sell , we are enriching not ourselves , but the specialists and market makers .
This consensus is almost always qualified by declarations that the United States has been well served by its Federal Reserve chairmen since at least Paul Volcker 's tenure , and that those of us who have not sat in that seat know that we would have made worse mistakes .
· the Fed and the Treasury decided to let Lehman Brothers go into uncontrolled bankruptcy in order to try to teach financiers that having an ill-capitalized counterparty was not without risk , and that people should not expect the government to come to their rescue automatically .
If a bubble develops , and if the bubble does not deflate but collapses , threatening to cause a depression , the Fed would have the policy tools to short-circuit that chain .
On Wicksell 's definition -- the best , and , in fact , the only definition I know of -- the market interest rate was , if anything , above the natural interest rate in the early 2000 's : the threat was deflation , not accelerating inflation .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level .
Paul Volcker , a Democrat , was reappointed once by the Reagan administration -LRB- but not twice : there are persistent rumors that Reagan 's treasury secretary , James Baker , thought Volcker was too invested in monetary stability and not invested enough in producing strong economies in presidential years to elect Republicans -RRB- .
As this history suggests , it is more remarkable for a US president not to reappoint a Fed chairman named by the opposite party than to reappoint one who wishes it .
If financial markets lose that confidence -- if they conclude that the Fed is too much under the president 's thumb to wage the good fight against inflation , or if they conclude that the chairman does not wish to control inflation -- then the economic news is almost certain to be bad .
By reappointing a Fed chair chosen by someone else , a president can appear to guarantee financial markets that the Fed is not too much under his thumb .
It may or may not be true , especially these days , that what is good for General Motors is good for America and vice versa , but certainly what is good economically for America is good politically for the president .
And his commitment not to err on the side of underestimating either the difficulty of the situation or the value of keeping employment high would make him , I believe , one of the best possible choices for the position , even if he were not now the incumbent .
I will not say that this is the pattern of all recessions ; it is n't .
But if you ask the same question of a modern macroeconomist -- for example , the extremely bright Narayana Kocherlakota of the University of Minnesota -- you will find that he says that he does not know , and that macroeconomic models attribute economic downturns to various causes .
But modern macroeconomists will also say that all these models strike them as implausible stories that are not to be taken seriously .
Regardless of whether they have rejected our interpretations and understandings or simply have built or failed to build their own in ignorance of what we have done , why have they not used our work ?
This is not to say that the macroeconomic model-building of the past generation has been pointless .
If modern macroeconomists do not reconnect with history -- if they do not realize just what their theories are crystallized out of and what the point of the enterprise is -- then their profession will wither and die .
I do not claim that policy in recent years has been ideal .
That would have preserved the functioning of the system while severely punishing the banking and shadow-banking systems ' equity holders , and today nobody would be claiming that their risk management practices were adequate and did not need reform .
If so , then the unavoidable conclusion must be that things would not have been so bad if the government had refused to implement an expansionary fiscal policy , recapitalize banks , nationalize troubled institutions , and buy financial assets in non-standard ways .
The problem , though , is that all the theoretical reasons to think that depressions as deep as the Great Depression simply do not happen to market economies applied just as well to the 1930 's as they do to today .
The fact that investment bankers did not go bankrupt last December and are profiting immensely this year is a side issue .
The valid complaints about fiscal policy over the past 14 months are not that it has run up the national debt and rewarded the princes of Wall Street , but rather that it has been too limited -- that we ought to have done more .
Obama 's Republican opponents , who claim that fiscal stimulus can not work , rely on arguments that are incoherent at best , and usually simply wrong , if not mendacious .
A stronger argument , though not by much , is that the fiscal stimulus is boosting employment and production , but at too great a long-run cost because it has produced too large a boost in America 's national debt .
But interest rates on US Treasury securities are very low and are not rising .
Those who claim that America has a debt problem , and that a debt problem can not be cured with more debt , ignore -LRB- sometimes deliberately -RRB- that private debt and US Treasury debt have been very different animals -- moving in different directions and behaving in different ways -- since the start of the financial crisis .
What the market is saying is not that the economy has too much debt , but that it has too much private debt , which is why prices of corporate bonds are low and firms find financing expensive .
This crash in prices of risky financial assets would not overly concern the rest of us were it not for the havoc that it has wrought on the price system , which is sending a peculiar message to the real economy . The price system is saying : shut down risky production activities and do n't undertake any new activities that might be risky .
This response is understandably controversial , because it rewards those who bet on risky assets , many of whom accepted risk with open eyes and bear some responsibility for causing the crisis . But an effective rescue can not be done any other way .
The political problem can be finessed : as Don Kohn , a vice-chairman of the Federal Reserve , recently observed , teaching a few thousand feckless financiers not to over-speculate is much less important than securing the jobs of millions of Americans and tens of millions around the globe .
What can not be accepted are financial rescue operations that benefit the unworthy and cause losses to other important groups -- like taxpayers and wage earners .
They responded that they had not rescued the truly bad speculative actor , Russia ; that they had `` bailed in , '' not bailed out , the New York banks , by requiring them to cough up additional money to support South Korea 's economy ; and that everyone had benefited massively , because a global recession was avoided .
Officials can not say that a global recession has been avoided ; that they `` bailed in '' the banks ; that -- with the exception of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns -- they forced the bad speculative actors into bankruptcy ; or that the government made money on the deal .
The second path is not to worry about production of goods and services , but rather to try to boost employment directly through direct government hiring .
The first path is better : not only do you get more jobs , but you also get more useful stuff produced .
The problem is that it does not take effect very quickly .
Others , like the United States , did not , and so unemployment remains at around 10 % .
This is not to say that the Obama administration did not try to boost employment .
Moreover , the Fed became gun-shy and did not continue to increase its balance sheet beyond $ 2 trillion .
And , in the face of a recessionary crisis that turned out to be roughly twice as large as was forecast at the end of 2008 , such limited action was not enough to keep the US unemployment rate below 10 % -- or even set it on a downward trajectory .
In that case , we will have spent $ 600 billion and gotten $ 810 billion worth of stuff in return , for a net social profit of $ 210 billion -LRB- and those who would otherwise be cyclically unemployed can not be said to place a high value on their lost leisure -RRB- .
So I really can not understand Barro 's last paragraph : `` The fiscal stimulus package of 2009 was a mistake .
It is as if he has not done his own arithmetic .
But we are not interested in what the multiplier is when the unemployment rate is 3 % and the government is trying to diminish consumption and boost private savings via rationing and patriotism-based bond drives .
But about half of the stimulus money spent to date is on the tax and transfer side , and about a quarter is direct aid to states , which enables them not to raise taxes .
In that case , our social profit is not $ 210 billion but rather $ 390 billion , and we should certainly do this again .
Moreover , Barro complains that because Christina Romer , who heads President Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , has `` not -LRB- carried out -RRB- serious scientific research ... on spending multipliers ... , '' he `` can not understand her rationale for assuming values well above one ... '' To say that policymakers should rely only on their own personal research to formulate policy seems to me simply bizarre .
Finally , Barro assumes that higher spending in 2009-2010 will have to be offset by higher taxes later , claiming that `` the timing of future taxes does not matter . ''
Time preference means that the $ 600 billion addition to the debt today , which Barro sees as the cost of stimulus , is not nearly as burdensome as a demand to pay $ 600 billion now would be .
And when taxes are levied to retire the added debt induced by the stimulus , they will be levied at some time at which nominal interest rates are not stuck at zero .
On top of that , let us make a major leap of imagination and suppose that even though this scenario of the EU at `` Year Zero '' means we would not have a half-century of intra-European cooperation to draw on , the nations that today make up the EU would nevertheless be keen to adopt far-reaching joint policies .
That way , if a small minority of EU governments prove unable to ratify the treaty , it would not be torpedoed the way that its predecessor , the Constitutional Treaty , was in 2005 .
After all , Mao 's Cultural Revolution against `` feudal society '' did raze much of the cultural landscape , denuding it not only of traditional values and institutions , but also of failed socialist efforts , leaving China ready for the seeds of capitalist development .
Of course , the boom 's costs should not be discounted .
And , at least so far , the boom has not induced the systemic political changes for which many hoped .
This is one of the great questions of our time , relevant not only to China 's future , but to scores of other developing countries enthralled by China 's extraordinary , but still largely unexplained , success .
The political humiliation and economic frustration of dealing with IMF imperatives confirmed the central importance of maintaining large reserves , as an issue not just of currency stability , but also economic sovereignty .
But the paradox is that today 's reserves are not real wealth that can be pumped back into the domestic economy .
The promises are grand , but the actions have not measured up .
By 2005 , there were more than 80,000 mass disturbances reported across the country -- but mostly not in the booming coastal cities , and certainly not at the elite national universities .
In the boomtown of Shenzhen , with television cameras rolling , Deng jabbed his finger in the air , admonishing his Party : `` If China does not practice socialism , does not carry on with ` reform and opening ' and economic development , does not improve people 's standards of living , then no matter what direction we go , it will be a dead end . ''
The new Party leadership of the 1990 's and 2000 's did not waver from Deng 's line : steady expansion of market reforms , active involvement in international commerce , massive urbanization and urban development , and total dedication to Party unity .
Of course , economic engagement will not solve the nuclear conundrum in the short term . Nothing will .
And the regime will not want the process of economic opening to get too far ahead of security agreements and political normalization .
In South Korea , President Lee Myung-bak 's political base wants to roll back , not reinvigorate , the Sunshine Policy , and there is a widespread -LRB- though by no means universal -RRB- weariness with engagement .
Hu no doubt looked for ways to resuscitate the talks , but not by buying off Kim with aid .
Moreover , Kim , too , needs assurances from Hu -- not that Chinese aid is coming , but that the Americans , South Koreans , and Japanese are prepared to give and take .
Hu , having recently met with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , may have discussed the issue with Kim , as well as the intense pressure Lee is under to respond , if not retaliate .
But the Chinese do not assume that North Korea is guilty .
The US , moreover , should actively seek a path back to the Six Party Talks , resisting both the fatalistic idea that North Korea can never be persuaded to roll back its nuclear program and the dangerous notion of simply waiting for the North Korean regime to come begging , if not collapse .
One party alone can not represent the other . Nor can one party alone claim to be the legitimate government of Cyprus
We will have nothing to do with it . Adding insult to injury , EU officials say that Turkish Cypriots can not veto the application by Greek controlled Cyprus .
Perhaps the EU may not recognize the meaning of its actions but Greek Cypriots do .
Turkish Cypriots will not submit to this injustice . Moreover , Turkey itself will not bow to this humiliation .
Instead of inciting these risks and adding to the Islamic world 's wounded sense of pride , the EU should uphold the rule of law . It must not treat the Greek Cypriot application as `` an application proper by Cyprus . ''
Food prices , which have shot up 83 % , are not likely to start falling until after 2009 .
The central challenge is political : correcting state policies formulated when resources , including oil , natural gas and food commodities , were not considered a driving force in the global economy .
In Venezuela , land reform and socialist rhetoric did not prevent chronic shortages of milk , sugar , and beef .
Compared to other regions , the impact of the crisis in Latin America , with the exception of Haiti , has -LRB- so far -RRB- not been dramatic .
The Balkan wars of the 1990 's ravaged not only millions of people , but also the social institutions that gave shape to their lives .
The redundancies that result are not only a waste of human resources , but also a source of stress for the people involved ; both in economic and social terms , mass redundancies can be tragic and can lead to dangerous instability .
But not only political and economic transitions are wrenching . Demographic changes can be equally painful for a society .
This is not to say that educational development is a field where foreign assistance is inappropriate . But because there are limits to what foreign assistance can achieve , it needs to be planned carefully .
But the terrorists who struck with such deadliness understand the global , not just regional , nature of the struggle for Turkey 's soul .
Indeed , the single most important factor , which will have a decisive impact on developments to come and could set the stage for a remarkable success story , or , on the contrary , lead to failure , is the European Union 's forthcoming decision on whether or not to start negotiations towards Turkey 's full EU membership in 2005 .
The `` borders '' between East and West that Ataturk largely abolished in Turkey must not be allowed to form again in the minds of a new generation .
The situation here is not unlike that which the EU faced in Eastern Europe , a region which also needed an `` anchor '' after the fall of communism .
Trying to rescue the financial sector without supporting a recovery in terms of businesses , jobs , and family purchasing power will not work .
Of course , fiscal stimulus does not mean just throwing money at the problem .
But the answer is not to let a collapse in the world 's car industry fuel a deeper recession .
But gestures can not be a substitute for real action , or for the hard work that is necessary to empower all Indian women .
Murtaza Razvi of Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper has pointed out that the image that was attacked was not in a remote area . In fact , it was next to the central road that runs through the valley .
They did this not once , but twice .
The second time , they were more successful , destroying not only the sculpture 's face , but also its shoulders and feet .
As if that were not enough , there are now reports of a third attack .
It is time that the world community not only registers its outrage against such destruction of cultural treasures , but also joins those Pakistanis who are desperately trying to pressure their government to preserve -- for their sake and ours -- their pre-Islamic cultural heritage .
If the world does not act this time , we risk losing one of the most precious legacies of early Buddhist history .
South Korea , in particular , is left to wonder whether or not the US is serious about pursuing similar trade agreements with one of Asia 's strongest economies and one of America 's oldest regional allies . Will you back -- or back away from -- free trade pacts with Asia ?
America 's next president must re-engage with Asia not as an afterthought , and not as a corollary to the `` war on terror , '' but as a central component of a roadmap to a safe , secure , and prosperous future .
Obama 's Asian Vision NEW YORK -- Now that Barack Obama has made history by being elected President of the United States , people throughout the Asia-Pacific region fervently hope he will focus on Asia in a way that he did not during the election season .
We all now hope that President-elect Obama will provide the answers , not only in words , but also in actions .
This time around , they have not heard much from the President-elect , who is a Democrat , on trade with Asia , and what they have heard about his position on the North American Free Trade Agreement -- an alleged desire to rewrite that trade pact unilaterally -- does not inspire confidence .
Most importantly , a trade policy must be articulated that is both free and fair -LRB- not only for US workers , but also for Asian workers -RRB- , and that reassures Asians that Obama will be aware of their needs .
For too long , the differences between the US and the Muslim world have been framed not in terms of diversity , but as the foundations of a permanent global conflict .
Doing so will show that relations need not be defined only through political conflict .
But what is required is to insist that governments comply fully with their human rights obligations , including the right to food , the right of all peoples to freely dispose of their natural wealth and resources , and the right not to be deprived of the means of subsistence .
Hence , if investment can be attracted to agriculture , it should be welcomed , and whichever rules are imposed should encourage it , not deter it .
Hunger and malnutrition are not primarily the result of insufficient food production ; they are the result of poverty and inequality , particularly in rural areas , where 75 % of the world 's poor still reside .
Accelerating the shift towards large-scale , highly mechanized forms of agriculture will not solve the problem .
But they also create a number of social costs that are not accounted for in the market price of their output .
But the EU 's posture as a protector of linguistic diversity can not hide the stampede toward English that is underway .
It would be politically lethal to acknowledge the real state of affairs , even if the official policy merely increases the chances that Europeans , after all their efforts , still may not understand each other .
Moreover , fewer languages are used in the EU 's smokeless backrooms when meetings are less formal and the participants not all that prestigious .
As a result , English will not so easily marginalize European languages , even after a large majority of the population has learned it .
But English and national languages can co-exist only if the state protects the indigenous language and citizens do not allow English to take over all prestigious domains .
OXFORD -- It was recently discovered that the universe 's expansion is accelerating , not slowing , as was previously thought .
But science is not a competition between scientists ; it is a contest of ideas -- namely , explanations of what is out there in reality , how it behaves , and why .
These explanations are initially tested not by experiment but by criteria of reason , logic , applicability , and uniqueness at solving the mysteries of nature that they address .
Einstein sought to avoid the implication of unmodified general relativity that the universe can not be static -- that it can expand -LRB- slowing down , against its own gravity -RRB- , collapse , or be instantaneously at rest , but that it can not hang unsupported .
This particular prediction can not be tested -LRB- no observation could establish that the universe is at rest , even if it were -RRB- , but it is impossible to change the equations of general relativity arbitrarily .
The new observations did not refute the existence of a cosmological term .
It is larger , for it now has to explain not just why the universe is n't collapsing , but why its expansion is accelerating .
Einstein 's remark about having `` blundered '' is as misleading as the idea that he is `` right after all . '' The cosmological term is not something that should never have been proposed .
But it should not , as some say , include any offer of power-sharing with the guerillas -LRB- ordinary Tamils are another matter -RRB- .
One can not succeed without the other .
Nevertheless , victory over the Tigers need not rule out some form of decentralization that guarantees the Tamils some political say , so long as a degree of local autonomy does not destroy Sri Lanka 's unity .
In the Eastern Province , a good start has been made , with former terrorists now winning through the ballot box and not the bullet .
Sri Lanka 's economy must open up -- not an easy thing to achieve at a time when liberal economic reforms appear to be in disrepute .
Some of what needs to be done , including the sequencing of reconstruction measures , is now better understood -- not least due to the different recent experiences in rebuilding Bosnia , Colombia , and other war-torn states .
Concern with the region did not begin with the attacks in the US in September 2001 or with the Madrid bombings .
· Court public opinion . It is not only Middle East governments that should be involved .
The historical parallel here is not , as is often suggested , with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , but with the Marshall Plan , which provided real incentives , not lofty rhetoric and hortatory appeals , for integration and democratic consolidation .
· Be coherent and consistent . Human rights can not be defended if antiterrorism activities fail to respect the rule of law .
Its diversity must be recognized , so that groups that resort to violence can be differentiated from those that do not .
There can be no democratic transition if Islamic currents that reject violence and accept democracy 's ground rules are not integrated into the public arena .
Acting jointly means that the US will have to take into account other interests and views - views that may not always be in harmony with its own .
America will have to accept a world that is regulated not by the US unilaterally , but by global institutions and permanent alliances .
Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone can not be decisive , as there are other dimensions of power - so-called `` soft power '' - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace . These dimensions include international legitimacy , values -LRB- including tolerance -RRB- , and public opinion .
But xenophobia and sovereignty were not the primary impulses that propelled the `` no '' votes .
But the answer to such doubt and dismay is more Europe , not less .
Most supporters of the Constitution believe that it will not only help build a citizens ' Europe , but also create better conditions for European economic development , and for the EU to act globally .
It would be imprudent to assume that the French and Dutch `` no '' votes were not about discontent with Union policies ; but that anger was directed against the French and Dutch governments , not Europe itself .
The real innovations are found in Part I and II of the proposed Constitution , in the definition of the normative and political identity of the Union , its competences , the new institutional balance -- including the creation of a European Minister of Foreign Affairs -- and , last but not least , the introduction of a Bill of Rights .
Europe and Europeans can not wait for a new treaty to show that the Union is able to fulfill that promise .
An undifferentiated approach towards political Islamism that fails to distinguish between those who reject violence and those who resort to terror only facilitates the extremists ' work , for they emerge as champions of causes that do not reflect their true goals .
Terrorist attacks on Russia did not cease or decline .
It would be a mistake to believe that the deaths of thousands of civilians , along with arbitrary imprisonment and torture , do not contribute to the spread of terror in Iraq .
We can not -- indeed , must not -- cede to terror by building walls around and within our societies .
But the answers have been all over the map , with some finding that the yuan is not undervalued at all , while others argue that it should appreciate against the dollar by more than 30 % .
As the yen appreciated , Japan responded not by exporting less but by improving productivity and quality control through plant and equipment investment and innovations in factory management , making possible rapid growth in exports of high-value-added products .
The equilibrium yuan-dollar rate is a chimera not because China 's trade could never be balanced , but because the exchange rate alone does not determine equilibrium . The structure of the entire economy matters , too .
Today , Mao 's dream of catching up with the rest of the world has been realized , albeit a bit behind schedule , not only in steel making , where annual capacity has reached 660 million tons , but in many other sectors as well .
Achieving economies of scale and lessening environmental impacts simply are not priorities .
Local officials and managers had a variety of reasons for not complying with the NDRC 's order .
Where facilities were privately owned , it was felt , perhaps not unreasonably , that removing assets would violate China 's property-rights law .
But in many emerging economies , a large proportion of the population is poor , and those who are not remain vulnerable to falling into poverty in times of crisis .
Often , the medicines are unsuitable for patients , unfamiliar to local prescribers , do not match national clinical guidelines , or are near expiry .
The jury is still out on whether or not these new approaches deliver systemic change , and whether companies are adopting a `` serve '' rather than `` capture '' market strategy , but at least the issue of access to medicines is no longer being viewed at arm 's length .
So the body has entered the market , becoming capital , just as land did , though not everyone benefits , any more than the dispossessed commoners grew wealthy during the agricultural enclosures .
Myriad Genetics , the sole test provider in the US -- it holds a patent on the genes themselves , not just on the diagnostic test -- did not accept her insurance , and Ceriani could not afford to pay for the test .
While the plaintiffs assert that `` genes are identified , not invented , '' the defendants claim that the basis of patent law is precisely the opposite . Their argument is that what is patented is not the gene as it occurs in our bodies , but rather a sort of `` cloned '' version produced in the laboratory .
This is not just a problem for people who think -- wrongly , in legal terms -- that they own their bodies , as most people do .
But what about a gene that has not left my body ?
How can a commercial firm not only deny me the right to know my own genetic profile unless I pay their fee for the diagnostic test , which might be fair enough , but also to prevent any other firm from offering me a similar test unless those firms pay it a license fee ?
Proprietary rights for commercial firms over the most basic element of an individual 's genetic identity should not be enforceable .
We do not have to believe in genetic determinism to find that argument compelling .
Reverby was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHS 's detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African-American men with late-stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
That was not true in Guatemala .
Most experts believe that the answer to the last question is no -- at least not in the same form .
There is no suggestion that Third World patients are deliberately being made ill when research is outsourced -- unlike in the Guatemalan case -- but that does not attenuate the inherent vulnerability of populations lacking basic medical care or experiencing epidemics .
As Jean Hervé Bradol , who was president of Médecins sans Frontières at the time and led its African teams , put it : `` It was not a time for a drug trial at all .
Apart from one recommendation -- to create a government compensation program for Third World nationals harmed by trials intended to benefit First World subjects -- US Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues , chaired by Dr. Amy Gutmann , the president of the University of Pennsylvania , did not get much beyond vague notions of community engagement and transparency .
President Bush may or may not have been careless in portraying Iraq , Iran and North Korea as an `` axis of evil , '' but he was correct in pointing out the many hidden links in the global terrorist chain .
Calm will not return to the Balkans so long as the UN and NATO fail to destroy extremism 's base in Kosovo .
The goal of a `` Greater Albania , '' has not been forgotten .
So solicitous of the terrorists ' desires are some countries that America 's representative to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- conducted negotiations with Macedonian politicians and terrorist commanders not in Skopje or Tetovo but in Prizren , a Kosovar city where they are influential .
Ethnically motivated murders are less common of late , but this can not be deemed a success so long as Kosovo 's non-Albanians remain isolated in enclaves protected by KFOR .
Known criminals should not sit in Kosovo 's Parliament , but in prison .
By appeasing the terrorists in this way , the most powerful states in the world give a green light to terrorists not only in the Balkans but all over the world .
If not , the UN , NATO and the European Union will discredit themselves as well as the humanitarian values they use to justify their `` humanitarian '' interventions .
The current pro-military constitution lacks credibility because Aung San Suu Kyi , the Nobel Peace Prize laureate who has spent 12 of the past 18 years under house arrest or in prison , and other democratic and ethnic minority leaders have not been allowed to participate in the drafting process .
But it 's current approach is not working .
This lack of progress is less a reflection of Gambari 's capabilities than of the fact that he has not been empowered by the countries that hold the most leverage over Burma 's rulers , including China , India , and Burma 's ASEAN neighbors .
The `` good offices '' approach is effective when the weight of the world is behind it and , put simply , Gambari has not been given the clout he needs .
Since the countries that carry the most sway with the junta also have strong commercial interests in Burma , we should not expect any of them to step up and take the lead on their own .
They will need quickly to face up to the reality that in order to pursue US interests in the region , including stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan , the current standoff with Iran can not continue , and that a greater degree of cooperation is unavoidable .
Such an approach does not mean having Obama sit down with Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei or President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad anytime soon .
This will not be easy .
Dialogue focused on Iran 's nuclear program or on Iraq alone will not work . Instead , the full range of issues that are significant to US-Iran relationship must be on the table .
On a worldwide scale , nuclear energy is thus only a small component of the global energy mix , and its share , contrary to widespread belief , is not on the rise .
Moreover , four reactors were de-commissioned during 2009 , and a larger number of reactors in Japan and Germany are not in use , owing to various technical stoppages .
One can also expect that the current worldwide economic crisis will not help to accelerate the construction of nuclear power plants and new uranium mines .
Whether or not Perisic provided confidential military information to the American remains to be seen , but the fact that Serbia 's Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic demanded Perisic 's resignation suggests that , at the least , Perisic overstepped the acceptable limits of contacts with foreign diplomats .
Perisic 's motives are many : a desire to take revenge on his former colleagues , or to destabilize Kostunica and\/or to secure a promise that he will not be indicted by the Hague Tribunal .
But it is not the whole truth .
That he is cold and callous when discussing victims - not only Albanian , but Serbian too - Serbs tend to overlook .
Serbs consider him incompetent and responsible for their defeats of the 1990s , not least for making Serbia the country with largest refugee population in Europe - around 700,000 .
Western moral admonitions were not accompanied with real generosity , and little aid has arrived .
Milosevic is gone , but so long as his trial is perceived as a show trial and not real justice , he will continue to distort our democracy .
Because Ko¨tunica did not win 50 % plus one of the votes of all registered voters in the first round , he faces a run-off with Labus on October 13th .
Violence was also absent , but insults were not .
Last but not least , Se¨elj was in coalition with Milo¨evic when the Democratic Opposition of Serbia , a loose coalition of 18 opposition parties led by Ko¨tunica but internally dominated by Djindjic , defeated Milo¨evic .
Se¨elj was much helped by Milo¨evic who , from his cell in the Hague , urged his Socialist Party to vote for Se¨elj , not for one of its own two quarrelling candidates .
This certainty means that Ko¨tunica need not actively court Se¨elj supporters or other nationalists .
Though he does not sacrifice major moral principles for power , Ko¨tunica is not the unassuming lawyer he once was .
He crams his party with mediocrities , selects mostly bad advisers , and does not listen to the rare good ones .
It should not be forgotten that Ko¨tunica supported the struggle of Serbs in Croatia , Bosnia and Kosovo and that he adheres to a rosy picture of Serb history .
So Ko¨tunica and Djindjic can not seek allies in the nationalist camp .
But most Serbs were beginning to believe that the ballot and not the gun was becoming the dominant tool of politics .
He was seen in the West as a reformer , and reform may not proceed without him . If it does not , urgently needed Western investment wo n't materialize .
Although Djindjic was not popular , only extreme nationalists and die-hard Milosevic supporters are cheering .
The reason for this also explains why Djindjic could not rely on the Serb state to carry out his policies .
He was initially slow in fighting organized crime , because he did not want to alienate the bulk of Milosevic 's mafia-infested establishment at once .
But crime would not be as powerful as it is , and the police and judiciary would not be as corrupt , if Serbia 's economy were in better shape .
Appeasement cost millions of Jews and non-Jews their lives as England and France , allies at the time , negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that Hitler needed to be fought and defeated , because he could not be bound by toothless agreements .
I wish I were joking , but I am not .
One can not help but recall Britain 's Neville Chamberlain on his return from Munich , waving that laughable treaty signed by Adolf Hitler , and declaring the advent of `` peace in our time . ''
We find ourselves faced with a conflict that will most likely last longer than any of the great military clashes of the last century -- a conflict conducted by an enemy that can not be tamed by `` tolerance '' and `` accommodation '' because that enemy is actually spurred on by such gestures .
But every gene in a genome is not an entirely new construct , and not all protein sequences are possible -- otherwise , the number of different sequences would be vastly greater than the number of atoms in the Universe .
Clearly , the court thought that such trust had not been earned .
It can not have escaped their notice that to uphold indefinite detention of foreign nationals without judicial process would have made them virtual pariahs on the conference circuit .
I do not mean to suggest that the Justices decided the Guantanamo Bay case as they did so that they would be toasted at their international cocktail parties .
I contend that their concern for world opinion-if that concern played the role I am suggesting it did-was for their country , not for themselves .
Alarmed by this dramatic volte-face , the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans , not even the ones who put him in office in the first place .
Here are judges , they will say , who do not understand that they have no legitimate qualifications to act as agents of American foreign policy , a job committed by the Constitution to the President and -LRB- they may grudgingly admit -RRB- Congress .
To be sure , the Brown precedent is not entirely analogous , for there the Supreme Court gave weight to foreign policy considerations in just the way that the federal executive had urged .
But the Supreme Court 's rulings affirm the fundamental principle that even grave dangers do not warrant the sort of blanket deference to which the Bush Administration believes it is entitled whenever it utters the words `` war '' and `` terrorism . ''
However , the problem of drug resistance has persisted , and efforts to contain it globally have not been sufficient .
Addressing drug-resistant TB can not be divorced from overall TB control efforts .
Last , but not least , the importance of effective advocacy for a more vigorous response to the global TB epidemic can not be overstated .
This includes promoting new drugs lines that can enhance the potency of first-line regimens , thereby shortening treatment duration and preventing the emergence of resistance in the first place . But new drugs are not enough .
On the contrary , introducing them into settings where treatment compliance is not assured and where drug susceptibility testing is not available would likely contribute to even more resistant organisms .
Ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find TB that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests , treat TB according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs , and prevent TB among those who are at risk . These steps may very well ensure that XDR-TB does not engulf the advances made in the past century in the global fight against TB .
Turkey has imported an economics minister from the World Bank - Kemal Dervis , an able man , though not someone very familiar with the speculative financiers preying on the country .
By not dealing with it !
That , however , is not the kind of message elected Prime Ministers want to hear .
Democrats question tough-minded programs ; Republicans criticize bailouts ; nobody has anything constructive to offer . But criticism of the IMF not only comes from the American right .
He predicted most of the crises that came along but that did not raise his popularity with the IMF 's board .
Little by itself , of course , because it is governed by its member countries and that means the US , Europe -LRB- which does not speak with one voice -RRB- , and Japan -LRB- which has no voice -RRB- .
The right person should not necessarily be an American as that would unduly limit the choice and risks bringing an appointment more distinguished by ideology than competence .
But the IMF must also reinvent itself to become far more focused ; it may not be able to change its image but it can become more effective .
The IMF is well advised to stay away from the details and not stretch its little political capital to so broad a range of issues with an inevitable failure in satisfying the whole range of partners in an ever-wider dialogue ;
Because the IMF is at a crossroads , now is the time for serious reforms , not a quick fix .
The euro 's problems , however , are not spawned in such supposed soft money countries as France or Italy , Greece or Spain -- to round up the usual suspects . Nor are higher-inflation successes like Finland or Ireland to blame .
First there remains a belief that Japan , having so impressed everyone over the past 50 years , simply can not be a basket-case .
So far , Mr. Koizumi is running on high octane ; he has wide popular support and the central scenario is that tightening the budget during a recession will slow -LRB- though it will not arrest -RRB- the growth of debt relative to GDP and that other reforms will begin to create an improved business environment .
Although he understands this risk , Mr. Koizumi seemingly is not stinting on his commitment to do what he has promised .
Public works programs on the order of what took place in the 1930s might be enacted , but that is good for jobs , not the budget .
The trouble is that Mr. Koizumi 's political mandate is not enough , and that public enthusiasm for his program has failed to recognize that , at the start , it will deliver higher unemployment and no growth .
These are not measures with the ring of political success .
As to the Yen , we will likely see weakness but , barring world economic problems , not collapse any time soon .
Surely not Japan now ; one is inclined to say , never .
Europe , too , will not grow that quickly any time soon .
Of course , not long ago the newly created Euro seemed to pose as a serious competitor to the dollar .
European policymakers remain ambivalent about the use of markets and so their economies can not stand up to comparison with America 's dynamism , not now and not any time soon .
True , the US can not borrow abroad forever and one day the dollar and the current account will turn .
But that should not surprise .
So , not much exuberance there either .
If an upturn does not come , a downturn will !
From the economics of the situation there is a simple message : inventories are low and running out ; confidence is not plunging and hence spending will hold up ; the bottom is in sight ; hold out for a vigorous upturn .
So , though the world seems uncertain , the economic outlook is not as black as the skies in New York may have the world believe .
If it were not for its role as protector of Mecca and Medina , the House of Saud would appear as little more than a royal family with 5000 princes , many of whom appear to spend their lives whoring and boozing .
Having seen their investments in stocks be destroyed by the collapse of the bubble ten years ago , it is not surprising that individual Japanese hang on to their government 's liabilities as a last remaining hope .
Policy responses to such economic shocks may be better nowadays than they were during the Great Depression -- for example , we know not to embark on a trade war should the Yen crash -- but no one knows how long and painful the process of correction will be .
Pressures will be formidable to buy where prices are low and sell , or at least not to buy , where prices are high .
Everybody makes such calculations when they decide where to take vacations abroad , so why believe that they do not do it for other goods and services ?
People are not as stupid or lazy as politicians and bureaucrats think .
But that wo n't happen ; price level differences will not change much , the Euro notwithstanding .
Both differences matter because they show that price equalization does not occur simply because a common currency exists .
The critical point here is that a retail price includes not only the price of the goods but also distribution costs - wages of shop personnel , rent , advertising , profit margins , etc. . These differ vastly across countries , as the table suggests .
Of course not , pet grooming is expensive in rich parts of Boston and cheap in poor parts , just as haircuts are .
Capitalism will not take root around the world if corruption defiles it .
Everybody may not get a chance to become rich in a capitalist system , but the system should not be perceived as rigged in ways that allow only insiders to get rich while everyone else pays the bill .
Capitalism involves a delicate problem of agency and trust ; giving managers the green light for entrepreneurship is not enough to make certain that the interests of investors are safeguarded ; nor is it enough for stock markets to price securities realistically .
While evidence about the Enron debacle is not fully in , it is fair to say that Enron is both a great moral scandal and a blot on capitalism .
The failure of Long Term Capital Management a few years ago provided a lesson about risk management and the need to not be dreamy-eyed about a string of huge returns .
Moreover , it is not yet clear whether or not top Enron managers wo n't walk away with a bundle of cash while the company 's workers lose their retirement assets .
After Enron - standing not just for a single event but a slippage in corporate culture altogether - we will only regain our bearings through the imposition of severe punishment for corporate crimes .
Now that America 's recovery is underway - and it arises from a slump not a recession - the current account deficit will widen even further and in no time discussions about the unsustainable high-flying dollar will become fashionable again .
But the dollar is not the only issue atop currency market debates .
There is another strongly held belief : that Japan can not recover without a steep decline in the yen .
Japan might get some growth , probably not even a full percentage point of GDP .
But that would not be the story in Europe .
This number is not at all surprising if we remember that growth in the past few years was substantially due to the euro 's weakening ; this time round , the euro strengthening would take it all back .
That opens the door for a dampening the damage if the European Central Bank vigorously responded by cutting rates . `` Vigorous , '' however , is not a word one often used to describe the ECB , so there is a serious problem .
But all this should not happen .
A big appreciation in the euro is not on the cards .
The euro will stay at around 90 % of the dollar and may not even pay a weekend visit at parity .
Suppose all this is wrong , suppose suddenly the US can not attract enough capital .
Because America has low inflation and is financially stable , the exchange rate is not the risk factor it was in the 1970s .
First , their commitment to oppose America does not include a pre-emptive sacrificing of essential oil sales that keep their run-down economies churning .
What matters here are not oilfields , but pipelines , refineries , and oil ports - they influence spot price because they govern the immediate availability of oil .
But it is one thing for Saudi Arabia not to join an embargo , and it is another to undercut oil politics by flooding the market in a pro-US move .
Saddam is , thus , doomed and it does not matter whether Europe cooperates with the US or not .
So far , the dollar remains strong relative to Europe -- not very strong , a rate of $ 1.10 for the Euro was never an equilibrium rate -- but it was sustained by US relative growth performance and by the image of a US as the world 's economic superstar .
With an economy that will not better Europe in such adverse circumstances , and with a tarnished US image , the dollar will be at risk of a serious fall .
Profound misgovernance , not bad luck , is to blame for economic stagnation .
If Latin America does not change , it may increasingly look like Africa -- a region of weak states with large informal economies and widespread poverty .
Other countries did not drop to Argentina 's level , but creditworthiness is an issue almost everywhere in Latin America .
Second , because reform has not delivered prosperity , the region has grown sick of reform .
In China , for all of its massive problems , things continue to go right not least because of huge inflows of foreign direct investment and the imminent benefits of WTO membership .
Demagogues like Venezuala 's Hugo Chavez or Carlos Menem -- an Argentine presidential candidate once again -- may seem like a bad joke , but anyone who cares about Latin America 's fate should not laughing .
So should we despair of achieving the MDGs , not just by the original deadline of 2015 but even by the end of the century ?
But social science research in the 1940 's and 1950 's , including interviews with surviving Nazi leaders , demonstrated that members of the German governmental hierarchy were not only sane , but also highly intelligent .
What we know about the mindset of terrorists tells us that they are mostly not deranged or insane , but have acquired a different set of beliefs and been exposed to social conditions very different from our own .
In theory , at least , China 's rapid growth , if it continues , offers southern Africa a highly promising economic opportunity , not least by underpinning commodity prices and thus boosting southern Africa 's terms of trade .
While China is not about to dominate these institutions , in southern Africa it is regarded as a potential counterweight to the US and the EU .
But both sides ' stated commitment to fraternal ties will not be enough to sustain their political relationship into the future .
While these factors undoubtedly placed upward pressure on food prices , they alone can not explain the steep hikes .
Thus , the market also attracts investors who are not interested in the commodity , but in speculative gain .
Economists generally consider commodity futures to be the solution to higher price volatility , not its cause .
In fact , in the short term , an investor might be attracted by the increasing price of a commodity , although the price is not based on any fundamental data .
There are three main reasons to believe that speculation was not the main driver of the recent food-price surge :
· Price volatility has also been high for commodities that are not traded in futures markets -LRB- copper , iron , and ore -RRB- , or for which these markets are not important -LRB- steel and rice -RRB- ;
Moreover , such a fund would require exorbitant resources to be operational , not to mention the tremendous challenges in determining a price level that would trigger its intervention .
Some Mexicans congratulate President Fox for not caving in to US pressure to cast a vote in the Security Council for war , while others argue that he should .
As he put it : `` We are not secure people . ''
More broadly , the US must accept that times have changed and that Mexico can not be simply classified as either an historic antagonist that has to be bought off or an unconditional ally that can be taken for granted .
Mexican foreign policy must not be driven by the resentments of the past but by the pursuit of concrete interests in the future .
Therefore , he should not embrace the Bush proposal as is .
Without these five components , any immigration proposal will not cut back on the number of deaths among those seeking to cross the border , or the existence of an abused underclass , or the persistence of temporary and legal employment that becomes permanent and illegal employment .
They remain at the service of socio-economic systems in which personal relationships matter more than qualifications and skill , in which positions are doled out on the basis of loyalty , not merit .
The flu epidemic , which probably began in the southern state of Veracruz , is yet another sign that all is not well in Mexico .
Public-opinion polls reveal that more than 50 % of the population believe that political parties are `` not necessary '' for the good of the country .
Seventy-five percent of crimes are not reported due to lack of trust in the authorities , and 98 % of crimes are never resolved or punished .
Lately , political battles among key actors have not been about how to build a more effective of representative political system or a more equitable , dynamic economy , but about how to maintain control of accumulated power or distribute it among their allies .
According to recent official data , 50.1 million Mexicans -- out of a total population of 104 million -- live below the poverty line , and 17.5 million do not have enough money to eat .
The fault does not lie exclusively in President Felipe Calderón 's timid counter-cyclical measures , or in the country 's social policy , or in the drop of manufacturing exports , or in the US financial crisis .
There are too many unions , monopolists , and bureaucrats that behave like hungry sharks , accustomed to feeding off oil revenues and appropriating the extraordinary wealth that Mexico produces but does not share in an equitable and democratic way .
Regrettably , the promotion of economic growth has not been a priority for either the Calderón administration or that of his predecessor , Vicente Fox .
For too long , government officials have tinkered with Mexico 's economic structure through piecemeal reforms that seek to ensure political stability , but that do not address the key obstacles to greater innovation and competitiveness .
What the current crisis has proved is that Mexico can not continue to float , ignoring its nakedness .
On the other hand , Russia will not go cap in hand to NATO .
We are not interested in the illusion of partnership .
Russia is not becoming assertive , aggressive , or imperial , as many observers claim .
But the West did not appreciate this gesture .
Russia is not interested in confrontation ; we want to focus on our own development , prosperity , and stability .
The Alliance 's strategic concept is outdated , yet it can not even agree on when to start preparing a new one .
A real , working NATO-Russia relationship could provide the Alliance with solutions to problems that it can not tackle on its own .
This is what we want to see in the future -- and it is a future that is not possible without Russia .
We are not calling for abolishing everything and starting from scratch .
This is not an isolated example . Thanks to the leadership of African countries that have made agricultural development a priority , and to the tireless efforts of many international organizations , real progress is being made against hunger and poverty on the continent .
At a time of intense debate over budgets , people around the world must remember that these kinds of investments not only save lives , improve livelihoods , and promote stability , but also save money in the long run .
These tasks can not be accomplished unilaterally -- multilateral cooperation is indispensable .
On an issue as important as this , voluntary promises not to test are simply not enough .
Together , these steps will take us far down the road to a nuclear-weapon-free world -- not as an act of faith , but as a prudent investment in the peace and security of all peoples .
Huxley , in fact , got himself into quite a heated argument over whether blood kinship could or could not explain altruism .
Using some beautiful mathematics , in the early 1960 's Hamilton discovered that altruism and blood kinship are not linked by an all - or - nothing relationship .
Instead , what is now known as `` Hamilton 's Rule '' states that altruism evolves whenever r times b is greater than c. In other words , if enough relatives receive benefits from altruism to outweigh the cost of altruism , then altruism spreads ; otherwise , it does not .
Hamilton 's Rule , of course , does not explain all altruism .
I agree with the critics ' conclusion , but not with their premise , for the success of the single currency so far has been due precisely to the political commitments of the Union 's member countries .
In other words , it is not true that the European Union does not constitute a political union .
He failed , but the idea did not vanish .
For this reason , I do not agree with those who argue that Germany 's support for European monetary integration was the price it paid for Europe 's acceptance of German reunification .
Of course , Europe 's economies have not become `` look-alikes , '' nor has GDP per capita been fully equalized .
In the wake of the defeat of the EU 's Constitutional Treaty in France and the Netherlands this spring , many say that Europe 's decade-old promise can not and should not be kept .
I would have hoped that these people had learned from Schumann and Monnet what really matters for Europe and its future ; sadly , this does not seem to be the case .
Of course , I do not fear some sort of military clash between Turkey and the EU .
But Greece , Portugal , Italy , and Ireland are not Argentina .
The European Union treaty does not provide for an exit from EMU .
At some point , yields might become so high that the government concerned could not refinance its maturing debt or finance its current expenses .
By supporting to such a degree two new EU members that are not part of EMU , the EU countries have demonstrated a much greater commitment to mutual aid than was thinkable only a few years ago .
Another apparent problem is that EMU member states -- at least until now -- do not coordinate their economic policies effectively .
So long as a national government is not running more than a modest deficit , a current-account deficit reflects the private sector 's borrowing from abroad -LRB- or the sale of previously accumulated foreign assets -RRB- .
After all , payment imbalances always have two sides , and the burden of adjustment should not be borne only by deficit countries .
An External Stability Pact would not only detect risks to fiscal stability early on ; it would also help make a reality of a fundamental principle of EU law , namely that member states finally treat economic policy as a `` common interest . ''
Hardly any major projects between China and Latin America have been initiated by the private , public , or academic sectors , and bilateral institutions do not yet reflect the weight of economic dynamics .
Even in the Caribbean and Central American countries -- several of which do not have diplomatic relations with China -- commerce has been prolific .
In the case of the US , for example , Latin America 's share of total imports , at roughly 17 % , has not grown since 2000 .
Civil-society organizations do not gain power through elections -LRB- legitimate or otherwise -RRB- , but through reaching the broader world .
That is , they will do such things as take care of their own health , engage in public discussions or blog about safety conditions in their community , rate school performance , organize weekly runs for dog owners , care for their local forests or rivers - as part of their lives , not as part of their jobs .
They are not directly censored , but they operate under the chilling knowledge that they can be shut down on vague charges at any moment .
As far as I 'm concerned , the ultimate goal should be not so much a better health care system , but a population so healthy that it hardly needs health care .
To tackle these problems , we came up with an `` open data\/information liquidity '' project , which will advocate and organize the publication , exchange , aggregation , and analysis of health data -- not just general statistics , but specific data about health outcomes in terms of drugs and treatments , hospital performance , and the like .
Of course , many of those statistics are not even collected , yet alone published .
If not , she could be referred to a local clinic .
The price was not specified , but the company said its goal is to offer the service for $ 5,000 within a year .
What struck me was not the announcement itself , but the name of the CEO : Cliff Reid , the CEO when I knew him in the 1980 's of a text-search company called Verity .
People with BRCA-derived breast cancer benefit from treatment with herceptin , whereas those with other kinds of breast cancer do not .
CGI 's edge is not just sequencing the genomes cheaply , but also refining the data into lists of variations .
In other words , for most research the questions revolve not around an entire genome , but around the relevant differences of any individual 's genome from the norm .
Then there are differences that result simply from a `` broken '' gene , which is not a variant but simply a mistake .
Much of the information is simply not recorded .
But it is hard not to be optimistic about our increasing medical knowledge .
I brought up my past because I think that fact-checking is the single best training not just for journalism , but for life in general .
But we learned an enormous amount . We learned not just thousands of facts that I have since forgotten , but an attitude of skepticism coupled with reverence for the truth .
As the journalistic priesthood erodes and everyone can become a citizen reporter or commentator , regulating or training all would-be journalists is not the answer .
This is not to say that journalists should not check their own facts -LRB- or that priests should not observe the tenets of their own religion -RRB- .
If we ask for it , Web sites will offer not just content but reputation systems , so that contributors will have reputations as reliable sources -LRB- or not -RRB- .
We should not outlaw anonymity -LRB- which has its uses -RRB- , but we can ask for details about the people whose words we are reading .
But , in this increasingly confusing world , we need to spend a little more time laboring to ensure our own intellectual integrity -- a task that we can not outsource to governments or even to media .
Facts are holy , but not all media that claim to report them , `` new '' or old , can be trusted .
I took the con side of the debate : Google does not violate its motto .
-LRB- It was Yahoo , not Google , that gave personal information to China 's government , which then jailed a blogger . -RRB-
Google has become a de facto gatekeeper of information , to the extent that if your site is not highly ranked by Google , you are like the tree falling in the forest with no one to hear it .
Meanwhile , Google is not merely avoiding evil ; it actively fights against it .
For example , Google fights censorship -- by doing , not by shouting .
In short , Google is changing expectations about what people can know -- even in the United States , where formal censorship is absent , but government obfuscation , opaque corporations , and the like are not .
On the other hand , every time someone in China Googles something and gets an answer -- a product 's good and bad points , the details about someone the government does not like -- he must wonder , `` Why ca n't I get this kind of information about everything ? ''
Abuse of power is evil , but power itself is not .
Rather than slavishly copy the United States , I think most countries should have a chief information officer -- someone who thinks about information as an agent of change , not just as an agent of efficiency .
The CIO would not have a fiefdom and would not compete for power or turf with other senior officials , but would simply remind the president or other people of the role of information every time it was appropriate .
In short , the CIO would not press the government on `` tech policy , '' such as the rollout of broadband , but would set strategy about how to collect , manage , and disseminate information for public use and analysis .
What the CIO should not do is almost as important .
He or she should not attempt to centralize information , but rather to make it flow more smoothly .
Openness and transparency do not mean simply making everything available online , but making information easy to get to , compare , and analyze .
The CIO should not be the minister of education , but he or she can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments , grades , and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus .
Unlike the drug trade , legalization would not make much of the problem go away , but the issue is similar , because economics plays a much bigger role than is generally acknowledged .
There 's a sign on the booth that says , `` The escalator monitor does not answer questions , '' in a Soviet-style formulation that 's close to saying , `` The monitor does not give consultations . ''
Yandex bought ads in about half the subway cars , saying , `` The operator does not give consultations ... so please address your questions to Yandex . ''
Yandex 's ads are gone , but those signs are , unfortunately , still there -- not just in the metro , but in many other places where public servants do not want to talk to the public -- police stations , ticket offices , and public buildings of many kinds .
If an official meets with a lobbyist and is not ashamed of it , he can simply say so .
Sunlight is not alone .
I 'd like to lay out a simple path to addressing -LRB- not resolving -RRB- these security problems , one that does not require agreement among all governments -LRB- or people -RRB- on what really constitutes a crime , much less a global police force or unenforceable global treaties .
But there are effective approaches to each of them that do not require tracking everyone online , or requiring IDs for every interaction .
Tracking user IDs will not enable us to catch or stop bad guys , and it will render the Internet impossible to use .
This is not to track everyone 's mail , but to prevent bad guys from spoofing good guys .
ISPs would throttle traffic from ISPs that did not join the security collective , and pretty soon their customers would complain , forcing them either to join or find themselves relegated to the underworld , from which it would be hard to launch attacks because no one would accept their traffic .
And , because ISPs answer to other ISPs , not governments , dissidents and whistleblowers could maintain their anonymity .
There are several reasons why this has not yet happened .
The first is inertia , combined with -LRB- or disguised as -RRB- idealism -- the mistaken idea that the Internet should be free not just for speech , but also from payment . Yet it costs something to maintain an infrastructure that keeps people safe .
After all , we accept the costs of police forces and health care , including not just hospitals , but also clean water , safe food , etc. .
To help things along , someone should file a lawsuit -- not too many ! -- against ISPs who tolerate misbehavior . The targets should be ISPs that willfully serve criminal customers , refusing to deal with complaints to the point that ignorance is no longer a legitimate excuse .
Such a system is relatively expensive to manage , but it is cheaper than the costs of not having it .
These changes would not create some digital nervous system with a centralized brain that could solve all problems .
That fact at first depressed Jiri Räsänen , a civil servant in Helsinki -- but then it gave him and his friends a good idea . Why not keep the cars but replace their engines ?
That idea would solve a lot of problems , starting not just with today 's installed base of cars , but with the installed base of car makers .
Even though many of them are in trouble , it 's probably not the best time to start a new car company , either .
To be sure , they merely indicated interest ; they did not send money .
Any far-sighted government could help not by subsidizing these efforts , but by buying up the old gasoline engines .
The National Transitional Council is debating who should take over Libya 's Central Bank and the LIA 's assets -- an especially important decision , given that oil production is not expected to return to pre-war levels for several years .
In this case , the Libyans did not respond by withdrawing a large amount of funds , but that could happen in the future .
Both home and host states will have to make sure that the current conflict over the LIA will not impede this important process .
But Alvaro Uribe 's re-election in Colombia may not only have begun the process of reversing that tide ; it has perhaps also shown conservative and liberal parties across the continent a way forward -- one that may soon be tested in Mexico 's presidential vote on July 2 .
This model is being hailed internationally as a possible compromise formula for ending intractable conflicts where atrocities can not go unpunished but incentives must be found to disarm warring factions .
Unfortunately , European governments did not respond to the crisis with common policies , nor did they seize the opportunity to strengthen the powers of eurozone authorities .
If the European authorities do not move to address overcapacity in the automotive sector , we will surely see a revival of protectionism .
They are well-off , well-established members of society , not marginal figures whom we might expect to be drawn to desperate acts of violence .
Moreover , they come from a scientific background , and science is usually not associated with religious zeal or political fanaticism .
Among engineers and biomedical professionals , however , conservative , even fundamentalist religious leanings are not so unusual .
This phenomenon is not unique to Islam .
Likewise , in Muslim countries , it is not unusual for engineering professors to denounce Darwin as a fraud , and many well-known doctors argue that modern technological and scientific developments are prefigured in the Koran .
But the possibility of violence should not distract us from noticing that fundamentalist convictions also motivate positive political activism .
They wrote back and asked him to resend files in the older '' . doc '' format -- which might not have worked if he had inadvertently used some new-fangled formatting feature .
While Microsoft could have kept the traditional '' . doc '' as its default format for MS Word , this would not have served its purpose : eventually , after enough of the world pays for Office 2007 , holdouts will be dragged along , kicking and screaming .
Why buy a Windows machine when all your colleagues will own Macintoshes and can help you on them but not Windows , and when all the independent software developers will be programming for the Mac 's new Leopard operating system ?
But that is not our world .
Whenever Microsoft rolls out a new operating system , the question is not whether you should switch , but when .
As a result , Microsoft can not extract anything close to its full monopoly rents unless it sells upgrades .
This would give the company an incentive to ensure that new versions are compatible with and significantly better than old versions -- otherwise the new versions would n't sell , or at least not easily .
Unfortunately , the continent is not well positioned for these challenges .
Sadly , results are not much better in reading ability ; again , the Latin American nations were at the bottom of the 40-country sample .
According to a 2004 survey by The Times of London , not a single Latin American university is ranked among the top 200 in the world .
True , the US is not the worst offender in the world when it comes to farm protectionism ; the European Union 's trade distortions are significantly more pervasive .
In the absence of US leadership in matters of international trade , the majority of Latin American countries will not open their economies further to foreign competition , and some may even return to increased protectionism .
Unfortunately , the lack of progress on trade-related issues is not the only burden on relations between the US and Latin America .
These initiatives will give the signal to Latin American leaders that , despite appearances to the contrary -- including the latest Summit of the Americas -- the region has not been completely neglected by President Bush and the US .
However , concern about populist policies is not fully justified .
But greater macroeconomic stability does not mean that everything is fine .
The vast majority of Latin America countries do not fulfill any of these requirements .
What has not been avoided is a recession that will be deep , long , and global .
But Brazil and Mexico are not the only ones hit by financial volatility : Chile 's currency has lost a third of its value , in Peru the cost of external financing has soared , and in Argentina the government has had to resort to extreme measures -- such as the nationalization of the pension system -- in order to avert an imminent fiscal calamity .
As many studies have shown , Brazil has not been able -- or has not wanted -- to adopt the modernizing reforms needed to promote a productivity boom .
It is sad but true : in recent years Brazil did not opt for modernization and efficiency and will have to pay the consequences during the difficult years ahead .
But the recent contest between two brothers -- David and Ed Miliband -- not only provided the material for a riveting family drama ; it also illustrated some peculiarities of democratic cultures that often go un-noted -- and the strange relationship between the personal and the political that is built into the hierarchy of democratic protocol .
Hereditary power did not necessarily make for warm and open family relations .
But modern democracies -- especially those conducted on the Anglo-Saxon model -- take this further , by attempting to separate not only the private from the public , but the person from the politician .
This is undoubtedly to the good , and necessary to the conduct of orderly democratic life ; but to those not used to it , the ability to combine enmity with bonhomie can seem counterintuitive .
Those who were on the wrong side of the political divide were not only guilty of erroneous views ; they were seen as wrong in their essence , and therefore to be condemned and hated .
The idea that you could treat political enemies jovially , and perhaps have a drink with them after hours -- or enter into a coalition government with them -- can seem not only unnatural , but even a bit indecent , in such circumstances .
Indeed , in some young democracies , or more volatile cultures , the suspension of personal feeling is not always successfully maintained .
Clearly , parliamentary brawls are not a desirable modus operandi .
As the two brothers sat on platforms together , challenging each other 's views , they tried to maintain the double fiction that , on the one hand , there was no special bond between them , and , on the other , that their sometimes fierce disagreements did not taint their fraternal affections .
In practice , few of us can manage to compartmentalize our perceptions -- and , perhaps , doing so would not be desirable .
We may not want politicians to be driven by self-interest , but we need to acknowledge that they have selves , which are formed by a multitude of factors -- and passions .
In other words , if we do not want to reduce our vision of politics to policy processing , we need to remember -- if only for the sake of fuller and more realistic judgment -- that politicians are human , too .
It is not about to be replaced by the euro or the yen , given that both Europe and Japan have serious economic problems of their own .
The renminbi is coming , but not before 2020 , by which time Shanghai will have become a first-class international financial center .
And , even then , the renminbi will presumably share the international stage with the dollar , not replace it .
Korea is not the first emerging market to chair the G-20 , but it is the first to do so since the global financial crisis .
But this is best addressed in Copenhagen , in the presence of all world leaders , not in the cozy confines of the G-20 .
Instead , President Lee should give priority to four issues , starting with financial reform , a problem that Brown targeted but did not solve .
Why should there be so many European G-20 members -- other than the fact that they were incumbent members of the earlier `` G 's '' -- and not more African members ?
The longer-term consequences will not be savory , but they will be problems for another day .
But this answer is too simple , given that such signs of dysfunction are not limited to Greece .
My answer is no , creating the euro was not a mistake , but it could still be a mistake in the making .
Moreover , assistance should come not just with conditions , but with temporary control of the national budget by a committee of `` special masters '' appointed by the European Union .
Mere promises by the recipient , history tells us , are not enough .
Germany is especially reluctant , given memories of its World War II conduct , not least in Greece .
It needs not just closer economic ties , but also closer political ties .
But Germany is not innocent of responsibility for this crisis .
Indeed , it is revealing that when South Korea was desperate for dollars following the failure of Lehman Brothers , it borrowed from the United States Federal Reserve , not from the Fund .
Nevertheless , while not all is sweetness and light , there has been progress .
And for this the IMF 's strong , politically astute management -- not exactly something from which the Fund has regularly benefited in recent years -- deserves credit .
The next managing director should be selected on the merits , not on the basis of nationality .
But just because they are Asian is not reason enough to select them .
But such reforms take years to complete . In the meantime , the rate of spending growth in China will not change dramatically .
It is true that Angela Merkel is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II .
This is not something that it possesses in abundance .
To be clear , this is not an argument for Germany 's dreaded `` transfer union '' -- ongoing transfers to countries like Greece .
Emergencies should not be dealt with on an ad hoc basis by 27 finance ministers frantic to reach a solution before the Asian markets open .
And European leaders , in their desperation , should not coerce the European Central Bank into helping .
There should be clear rules governing disbursement , who is in charge , and how much money is available . It should not be necessary to obtain the agreement of 27 national parliaments each time action is needed .
As evidence that this is not merely a hypothetical possibility , advocates of fiscal consolidation point to cases like Denmark in the early 1980 's , Ireland in the late 1980 's , and Finland in the 1990 's .
Private spending remains weak , not least where continued high unemployment has led consumers , concerned about future prospects , to pocket their wallets .
This does not mean that Greece , Portugal , and Spain will expand as robustly as Denmark , Ireland , and Finland did in the 1980 's and 1990 's .
At this point , they have not .
But it is not on the horizon yet , which means that there would be no positive private-spending response to buffer public-spending cuts .
Though not one to deny the existence of such base motives , I would insist that the crisis has its roots in key policy decisions stretching back over decades .
But other things were not equal .
Again , these were not outright policy mistakes .
We are not going to change human nature .
We can not make investors less greedy .
Unintended consequences can not always be prevented .
But so long as big countries , which are the main source of spillovers , show little inclination to act on the Fund 's recommendations , it is not clear that this analytical step forward will be a practical step forward as well .
Others hesitate , either because they worry about not qualifying or because they remain concerned about the stigma of association with the Fund .
This danger would be attenuated if pre-qualification was not a yes-or-no decision : if there were a range of facilities for which countries could be pre-qualified , they could be moved between them as circumstances changed .
But it is not clear that this would be enough to remove the danger that an IMF decision , taken in response to deteriorating country policies , could precipitate a crisis .
Countries seeking additional reserves will not be forced to accumulate only -- or even mainly -- dollars .
Reserve managers do not have the high-powered financial incentives of hedge fund managers to seek to maximize returns .
They do not have to exceed their previous high-water mark in order to draw a paycheck .
They can adopt a longer time horizon , because , unlike private fund managers , they do not have to satisfy impatient investors .
Compared to private investors , then , central-bank reserve managers are more likely to act as stabilizing speculators . The result will be to make the exchange rates between the three international currencies more stable , not less .
There is no reason why the same should not be true of its international monetary system .
So , even if there are good reasons to expect a period of sub-par investment and employment growth , this need not translate into slow productivity or GDP growth .
But this positive productivity response is not guaranteed .
But , even if rapid productivity growth is possible under current circumstances , it can not be taken for granted .
In fact , it was not countries experiencing the worst economic downturns and the highest unemployment rates that raised tariffs and tightened quotas most dramatically in the 1930 's .
The reason why countries hit harder in the 1930 's were not more inclined to respond by protecting industry from foreign competition is straightforward .
By contrast , countries that loosened monetary policies and reflated not only stabilized their financial systems more effectively and recovered faster , but also avoided the toxic protectionism of the day .
Employment growth continues to disappoint , and fears of deflation will not go away .
The villain of the piece , then , is not China , but the US Federal Reserve Board , which has been reluctant to use all the tools at its disposal to vanquish deflation and jump-start employment growth .
Of course , with China pegging the renminbi to the dollar , the Fed would , in effect , be reflating not just the US but also the Chinese economy .
China might not be happy with the result .
In thinking about these prospects , it is important to understand the nature of the British disease . It was not simply that America and Germany grew faster than Britain after 1870 .
But Britain 's signal failure was in not replacing these old nineteenth-century industries with new twentieth-century successors .
From the mid-nineteenth century , the best minds went into politics , not business .
In fact , this supposed explanation for British decline has not stood the test of time .
Silicon Valley companies do not complain of a dearth of talented managers .
And , in any case , that history , too , is irrelevant to the US today , which is on the receiving , not the sending , end of foreign investment .
In short , Britain 's was a political , not an economic , failure .
But one economic variable has not adjusted with the others : public and private debt .
These are reasonable objections , but they should not be allowed to lead to unreasonable conclusions .
This is not rocket science . It has been done before .
The banks need real stress tests , not the official confidence game carried out earlier this year .
And where this does not suffice , banks will need immediate capital injections by their governments .
I am not talking about 2011 , but about 1964 .
But the French never explained exactly how restoration of the gold standard might be accomplished , or how it would translate into price and economic stability , given gold markets ' volatility and the disastrous consequences of the gold standard -- not least in France -- in the 1930 's .
So now that the French government -- not them again ! -- has committed to making international monetary reform the centerpiece of its G-20 presidency in 2011 , it is worth recalling the cautionary tale of the 1960 's .
Because they did not trust the IMF to assume the powers of a global central bank , the Fund 's members established high hurdles to creating SDRs .
The French government 's recent hints about its reform agenda for 2011 suggest that , contrary to earlier speculation , an enhanced role for the SDR will not be at the center of its efforts .
But the French have not indicated that they will push for sanctions against chronic surplus countries that fail to adjust their currencies .
The absence of such sanctions was a critical weakness of the original Bretton Woods system , and it remains a central weakness of our own -- not coincidentally referred to as Bretton Woods 2 .
In mid-air , with neither firm ground below nor enough momentum to make it to the other side , is not where the global economy should be .
The problem is not an inability to deliver economic growth .
Annual growth since 1999 has averaged 5.1 % in Egypt , and 4.6 % in Tunisia -- not Chinese-style growth rates , to be sure , but comparable nonetheless to emerging-market countries like Brazil and Indonesia , which are now widely viewed as economic successes .
Since 1999 , when the Chinese government began a push to ramp up university education , the number of graduates has risen seven-fold , but the number of high-skilled , high-paying jobs has not kept pace .
Countries that run chronic external surpluses , like China , and countries whose currencies are widely used internationally , like the US , do not face the same pressure as other countries to correct their policies when economic imbalances arise .
When the US again shows signs of falling prey to financial excess , it will not receive as much foreign funding as freely as it has in the past .
Because their currencies are not widely used internationally , many of their bank liabilities are in euros . This renders them dependent on interest rate hikes to attract -- via the market and on swap lines from the ECB -- the euro liquidity that their banks desperately need .
Indeed , there are already signs of countries not even in the European Union , notably Iceland and Switzerland , contemplating accession as a step toward adopting the euro and resolving their financial dilemma .
But Europe 's track record does not inspire confidence that the next round of tests will be much more rigorous than the last .
But , if taxpayer money is at risk anyway , as it is today , why not use it creatively ?
Bonds of this sort have worked elsewhere , notably in Argentina 's recent debt restructuring . They have not been without controversy , with investors complaining that the Argentine government manipulates the statistics .
It then accepted Greece into its monetary union with full knowledge that its fiscal accounts were not worth the paper they were written on .
Second , the current strategy , which amounts to trying to extract blood from a stone , is not working .
If that meltdown is not averted , it could take down the rest of Europe .
BERKELEY -- For more than a half-century , the US dollar has been not only America 's currency , but the world 's as well .
Why not issue more ?
Why not develop markets in which they can be traded ? Is n't this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to move away from a world where the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank hold the supply of international liquidity in thrall ?
This much has not changed in the last year : the SDR still is not an attractive option for central banks disenchanted with the dollar and the euro .
They would be compensated for inflation and currency depreciation in the US and Europe , since the payout would depend on these economies ' nominal , not real , GDP .
Mario Draghi , head of the Bank of Italy and Trichet 's anointed successor at the ECB , has called for binding limits not on just budgets but also on a host of other national economic policies .
And issuing Eurobonds would require a degree of political consensus that will take months , if not years , to construct .
The formation of a new national unity government does not mean that the Greek problem is behind Europe or the world .
Until there is hope , however remote , that Greece can begin to grow again , the problem will not go away .
In September of that year , Bundesbank President Helmut Schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within Europe 's system of supposed stable exchange rates `` can not be ruled out . '' Schlesinger 's unguarded remarks signaled that the Bundesbank was not willing to do whatever it took to preserve the system -- a signal that encouraged investors to place massive bets against the British pound and Italian lira .
Reassuring the markets by adopting structural reforms , he has observed , is properly the responsibility of those governments , not of the central bank .
But structural reforms can not be accomplished overnight .
Merkel and Sarkozy need to make the case that if the euro is to become a normal currency , Europe needs a normal central bank -- one that does not merely target inflation like an automaton , but that also understands its responsibilities as a lender of last resort .
Meanwhile , Italy , now under the watchful eye of the International Monetary Fund , needs to move ahead with those pro-growth reforms in order to reassure the ECB 's shareholders that the central bank 's bond purchases are not money losers .
But skeptics question whether the SDR could ever replace the dollar as the world 's leading reserve currency , for the simple reason that the SDR is not a currency . It is a composite accounting unit in which the IMF issues credits to its members .
Those credits can be converted into dollars and other currencies at the Fund , and can be used in official transactions among IMF member countries . But they can not be used in the other transactions in which central banks and governments engage .
They can not be used to intervene in foreign-exchange markets , or in other transactions with market participants .
This means that the SDR is not an attractive unit for official reserves .
This would not be easy to change .
As a result , not even the euro has seriously challenged the dollar as the dominant reserve currency .
But difficult does not mean impossible .
But , again , what is this if not an investment in a more stable global monetary system ?
The other view is that China contributed to global imbalances not through its merchandise exports , but through its capital exports .
What China lacked was not demand for consumption goods , but a supply of high-quality financial assets .
Recent events have not enhanced the stature of the US as a supplier of high-quality assets .
That purpose , of course , is to create an Asian Monetary Fund , i.e. , a regional alternative to the International Monetary Fund , whose tender ministrations during the 1997-98 financial crisis have not been forgotten or forgiven .
Yet , revealingly , the Bank of Korea , the central bank hit hardest , negotiated a $ 30 billion foreign-currency swap with the United States Federal Reserve , not with its ASEAN +3 partners .
That China is now acknowledged as a co-equal means that it will not stand in the way of further cooperation .
Countries putting money on the barrelhead want assurances that their resources will not be used frivolously , and they want to know that they will be repaid .
Revealingly , the Fund , not the European Union , has taken the lead in negotiating emergency assistance packages for Hungary and Latvia .
And it will not reassure consumers or investors .
So , even those who find the economic logic of arguments for fiscal activism compelling must acknowledge that the politics are not supportive .
A second stimulus simply is not in the cards .
That place is not Europe or Japan , where debts are even higher than in the US -- and the demographic preconditions for servicing them less favorable . Rather , it is emerging markets like China .
This strategy is not without risks .
China is worried that its more than $ 1 trillion investment in US Treasury securities will not hold its value . It wants reassurance that the US will stand behind its debts .
But the crisis will not last forever .
Meanwhile , the IMF 's critics have not gone away ; they have merely fallen silent temporarily .
Financial markets and institutions with global reach need a global macro-prudential regulator , not just a loosely organized college of supervisors .
Not only do they feel less market discipline , but they are subject to less IMF discipline , since they are not compelled to borrow from the Fund .
The crisis is not yet forgotten , but the window is closing .
If the Fund does not provide a clear vision of its future by then , the opportunity will have been missed .
They can argue that this is not their problem -- that the crisis of the last two years has been centered in the advanced economies , and that it is these countries ' financial systems that need to be fixed .
But the agenda set at Pittsburgh will shape , for better or worse , not just the US and European financial systems , but also the global financial system .
Financial markets are too integrated -- and will remain so , like it or not -- for whatever rules are established not to profoundly affect emerging markets .
But they have not said how they would reform financial systems and policies now .
Other things being equal , cross-border lending fell less in countries with significant foreign-bank presence than in emerging markets where foreign ownership of banks was not dominant .
Otherwise , emerging markets should be able to say that banks from that country will not be allowed to enter .
But recent experience suggests that quickest is not best .
Tensions at the ECB and between the euro-zone countries do not bode well for the stability of the common currency , both externally , vis-à-vis other currencies , and internally , in terms of inflation .
Of course , something will be done , but it will most likely not be enough .
But , for some countries , such as Greece , Ireland , and Spain , this would not be enough to reach sustainable debt levels in 2020 .
So , not only is public debt set to increase much faster than nominal GDP growth , but governments will have to devote an increasing share of their revenues to interest payments .
But chances are that it will not really help , because it trying to reduce deficits in that manner will severely undermine economic performance .
Even if all those deficit reductions are implemented , all the forecasts of economic growth in subsequent years , on which fiscal consolidation depends , are not realistic .
Without it , the accession candidates can not be invited this December to join the Union , as promised in Copenhagen ten years ago .
As long as such choices do not impose unreasonable or unbearable burdens on others , these democratic choices merit full respect .
But the fundamental consequences of the upcoming referendum for Europe need to be clearly impressed upon Irish voters , so that no one can later claim that they did not know what was at stake .
Re-negotiating the Nice Treaty would not be an option . This would open a Pandora 's box of demands from all other countries .
Last year 's Irish referendum result prompted Italy to suggest that the EU give guarantees to member states that they would not lose financial support if poorer members are brought into the Union .
The Irish people must be brought to understand that if they can not accept the Nice Treaty , nor can they block it .
Their decision must be respected . But they can not be allowed to stop the enlargement process .
The window of opportunity to create a Europe that is whole and free after a half century of division and misery may not remain open indefinitely .
The private sector alone can not and will not counter the risk of stall speed .
Teamwork was an obligation , not a choice .
As everyone who has ever had an unpalatable job knows , shutting off the alarm and pulling the blanket over one 's head is not a solution .
The last two Secular Forums projected that , after the global financial crisis , the world economy would not reset in its traditional , cyclical manner .
In advanced economies , projected rates of growth are not sufficient to avoid mounting debt and deficit problems .
The baseline expectation , albeit subject to risk , is that Democrats and Republicans will find a way to avoid disruptions that would damage the fragile US economy , but that the compromise will not meaningfully address the need for sensible medium-term fiscal reforms .
It does so , but not before the captain receives assurances that a larger ship is coming to assist .
The fear is that it may not .
Clearly , back in 2009 , the ECB did not make the controversial call that Greece was insolvent , not illiquid .
But , even if the ECB has limitless patience , the rest of the world does not .
Markets understand that the ECB can not forever substitute for other government agencies , so they repeatedly call into question its bridging strategy .
That endgame will play out in weeks and months , not quarters and years .
Then again , it probably could not have done otherwise -- just as our once-agile rescue vessel never really had the choice of remaining safely in port .
It is not today .
Today , however , several -LRB- though not all -RRB- emerging-market countries are benefiting from years of considerable efforts to reduce their financial vulnerability by accumulating huge amounts of international reserves .
But I also suspect that their heads are cautioning against spending a lot of money in an attempt to accomplish a difficult , if not impossible , task .
My inclination is to believe that the head will prevail -- but not completely .
But such steps , while notable , would prove insufficient to counter fully the slowdown emanating from the West ; and it certainly would not materially change the outlook for the United States and Europe .
So there you are : a Greek veto on Macedonia 's national aspirations until it has chosen a name that does not make the Greeks shiver in fear of aggression from the north .
If the Greeks can not see that , their partners must let them know that there is a price for their obstructive behavior .
But no : 1989 was not the end of history .
But the MAP process does not imply an automatic right to NATO membership .
But some nations will be missing from the party . Two Baltic presidents have decided to stay home , because their hosts are not willing to concede that there is more to the history of WWII 's end than the victory over Hitler .
I have to admire the third Baltic president -- Vaira Vike-Freiberga from Latvia -- who decided to go to Moscow , honoring what should be honored , and speaking aloud about what should not be hidden .
It is a pity that the Russian leadership of today has chosen not to condemn the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact that damaged the development of the whole Baltic Sea region for so many years -- and still is a source of political pollution threatening to poison relations between neighbors around the Baltic Sea .
If you want to open `` new chapters '' in relations between old adversaries , you can not simply close `` old chapters '' by denying or suppressing history .
That it why it will continue to haunt us , continue to disturb normal relations between the countries in this region with so much unused potential , as long as we do not deal with it in a forthright manner .
You can not build lasting future relations between countries that have each in their own way suffered so much , without coming to terms with the past .
It was not until 1989 that the existence of this protocol was officially admitted , thanks to the Glasnost-policy of Mikhail Gorbachev .
Such denial is in no one 's interest . Not in the kind of Europe we still have to build -- a Europe where big and small countries are assured that they share the same rights and obligations , where minorities feel safe , where basic human rights are accepted as an inextricable part of our political system , and where neighbors are regarded with respect and expectations , not fear and anxiety .
A United Nations plan for unification was accepted by the Turkish part . But the Greek Cypriots voted against the plan because their leaders did not live up to the implicit deal with the EU to support it .
But Turkish public support for EU membership has fallen dramatically as Turks have grown to feel that they are not being given a fair deal .
Throughout this difficult period , the European Union has failed Ukraine , bluntly declaring that it should not hold any hope of future membership and justifying this stance by citing its internal problems -- the stranded Constitutional Treaty -- and growing public sentiment against further enlargement .
Russia argues that independence for Kosovo may `` create a precedent '' -- a veiled threat to mobilize its secessionist proxies not only in Georgia and Moldova , but also in Ukraine 's Crimea region .
So Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania can not be regarded as special Russian `` spheres of influence '' requiring Russian assent for membership in either the EU or NATO .
But EU-enlargement alone will not do the trick .
The importance of seizing this opportunity can not be overstated .
EU enlargement - and the process of involving Russia - must not be slowed by a lack of political will and vision among European leaders .
But the resignation of the Kok government does not deal with the disgrace of Srebrenica .
What we should have seen in The Hague was not only the resignation of a Dutch government - but more importantly the appearance of General Ratko Mladic and his accomplices to face the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia .
I retain not only these images forever in my head , but also the sights and smells of thousands of decayed corpses stacked in two mine tunnels near Tuzla .
Until now it has not .
So long as General Mladic and his henchmen do not join Mr. Milosevic in The Hague , we can not believe that the FRY really belongs in the company of democratic European states in respect to the rule of law .
If the FRY is not confronted with the same demands others had to meet , this will only strengthen obstructionist forces within Serbia and undermine the security of Serbia 's neighbors .
Membership in the international community can not be given away at a discount .
It assures the three small Baltic countries that the nightmare of occupation by big neighbors -LRB- Hitler 's Reich and Stalin 's USSR -RRB- , which they endured for half-a-century -- will not be repeated .
By putting paid to any revanchist tendencies in Russia concerning the Baltics , Europe is made a safer place , and Russia is helped in its effort to redefine itself as a national state and not an empire .
Rightly so : enlargement of NATO is not an `` expansion '' that threatens Russia or other countries which strive for democratic political reforms .
If this attitude prevails , there is a grave risk that the European Project will become paralyzed . This will not only delay the restoration of economic growth , but will also have dire political consequences .
The chairman stated : `` This is the hour of Europe , not the hour of the Americans . ''
Turning to the International Monetary Fund or others when it comes to pulling our chestnuts out of the fire will not bring us the needed confidence in the European project .
Solidarity among members is not just something we talk about when the future looks bright and rosy .
These cuts are coming at a time when European efforts to shoulder a fair share of the Western defense burden have been cast in doubt -- not least in Afghanistan , where most European countries have limited their participation by insisting on a myriad of `` caveats '' that usually serve to keep their troops far from the most dangerous zones .
The US faces no serious challenge -LRB- not yet , at least -RRB- as the world 's dominant military power .
Europe 's problem is not only a lack of military spending , but also poor effectiveness when it comes to the purpose of that spending : the use of force when and where necessary .
But the value of the new `` Paris-London Entente '' will be limited if both countries cut their defense expenditures so much that their combined strength remains at best unchanged . That Britain plans to fund construction of a new aircraft carrier , but not the planes to fly off of it , suggests that resources for the new entente will be sorely lacking .
Otherwise , not only will Europe 's global political ambitions become untenable , but its allies on the other side of the Atlantic will lose patience with Europeans ' refusal to shoulder their share of the security burden .
The French president has accused them of being `` childish '' and `` irresponsible '' in voicing their pro-US stance on the Iraq issue , and warned that their position could be `` dangerous , '' as the decision to let them into the EU has not yet been ratified .
But put things in perspective : Jacques Chirac is not Charles de Gaulle ; and Europe has moved far beyond the time when its agenda was unilaterally written by France .
President Chirac 's self-appointed role as an expert in diplomatic good behavior can not be taken seriously , even by those of us who know -LRB- and love -RRB- France .
But by declaring that he would not , under any circumstance , participate in military actions against Iraq , he undermined the efforts at the UN to put maximum pressure behind the demands that Iraq disarm .
The letter from the eight European leaders -- and the later statement from the `` Vilnius Ten '' group of Central and Eastern European countries -- demonstrated that France -LRB- and Germany -RRB- can not dictate a European agenda that creates transatlantic rifts .
Chirac and Schröder do not seem to grasp this .
So this has not been one of Europe 's finest hours , especially not while the EU 's institutional convention is discussing a text that calls for EU governments to `` actively and unreservedly support the Union 's common foreign policy . ''
Many people nowadays do not expect to find the meaning of their lives by looking to God , Truth , or any other external moral framework .
If sex reassignment surgery can relieve a person 's suffering , then the question of whether or not it is treating a conventionally defined illness seems beside the point .
These antidepressants are not used simply to treat severe clinical depression . They are also widely used to treat social anxiety disorder , post-traumatic stress disorder , generalized anxiety disorder , obsessive-compulsive disorder , eating disorders , sexual compulsions , and premenstrual dysphoric disorder .
As Sandel points out , perhaps we could design a world in which we all have access to mood-brightening drugs and cosmetic surgery ; in which athletes have access to safe , performance-enhancing drugs ; in which we could safely choose and manipulate the genetic traits of our children ; and in which we eat factory-farmed pigs and chickens that are genetically engineered not to feel pain .
Many of us would resist such a world -- not because such a world would be unjust , or because it would lead to more pain and suffering , but because of the extent to which it has been planned and engineered .
Evil Personified COLLEGE STATION , TEXAS -- Equating war with individual evil has become ubiquitous -- if not universal -- in contemporary international politics .
It was not upon their impulse that their Government acted in entering this war . ''
Bill Clinton promised on the eve of the bombing of Serbia that `` I can not emphasize too strongly that the United States has no quarrel with the Serbian people . ''
Wilson could not implore his people to `` kill the Krauts , '' as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilson 's soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
First , once you pin blame for a conflict on a single individual , a Saddam Hussein or Kim Jong Il , it is difficult to see a solution to international conflict that does not result from the tyrant 's downfall .
But it also helps make the world a more dangerous place by obscuring the real reasons for war , and by allowing peoples around the world to justify violence and conflict not as a means to an end , but rather as a holy mission of liberation , freedom , and the eradication of tyranny .
`` Earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks , '' Obama preached in his famous campaign speech in Berlin , `` but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions . ''
They heard in pleas for freedom from behind the Iron Curtain not a desire to become American , but to join the remarkably successful European experiment in collective security and prosperity that emerged after World War II .
Russian leaders , not surprisingly , also drew their own conclusions .
When Mikhail Gorbachev spoke of a `` Europe from the Atlantic to the Urals , '' his conception was not of a continent under Soviet domination , as Josef Stalin once threatened .
Gorbachev 's vision of European inclusion neglected centuries of Russian history ; the West did not want Russian participation .
The government thus made an implicit deal with its citizens : political dissent would not be tolerated , but , in exchange , the state would guarantee economic growth .
Chinese leaders embraced the cooperative nature of the post-1945 European process , but simultaneously took the Russian lesson to heart : the West would not yield merely to good intentions .
Chinese power today comes not from its ability to match America 's blue-water navy , but from its holdings in US Treasury bonds .
The world would not soon forget the horrors of Tiananmen , global protestors promised in 1989 .
It is not just the poor who benefit from net governmental expenditures .
Even if Google does ultimately leave China , the game is not over . Western companies can promote Internet freedom from the outside , by providing useful technology as well as the keys to access it .
Even if Twitter 's co-founders did not necessarily develop it to be a tool of democratization , that is precisely what it has become .
Co-founder and CEO Evan Williams recently suggested that software developers were working on technology to evade government barriers , though he did not give specific details .
China , apparently still reeling from a `` century of humiliation '' at the hands of outsiders , will not be pushed around by America .
This view is not limited to the Chinese government .
For example , elongated stone blades are found not only at Neanderthal sites in Europe and the Near East , but also at sites inhabited by Moderns in the Near East and Africa since at least 100,000 years ago .
But these innovations do not seem to have been widespread .
Depictions of animals , human beings , and other natural features do not occur in the three records - Africa , Europe , and the Near East - before 40,000-30 ,000 years ago , and they appear much later in some areas than others .
Future archaeologists would do well not to seek an explanation of this variation in terms of visible differences in our skeletal biology !
But this does not imply that modern behavior must have developed in a single species .
The archaeology of early modern and Neanderthal populations suggests that we are not the chosen people who received from God the light , the divine mandate to go forth , multiply , and eliminate their subhuman neighbors .
It was not his most convincing moment .
Will Russia , whose political legacy is not British but Soviet , be another ?
-LRB- Europeans need not be envious : growth is quicker when it begins low ; think again about puppies . -RRB-
Turkey and Ukraine aspire to join the European Union ; Russia does not .
The problem for Putin is that this success was achieved not by the Russian state , but by private enterprises .
You can not deceive people about growth ; they feel the weight of their pockets better than anyone else .
Growth , it seems , is attributed here not to those who produce it , but to those who punish it .
Is this one of those monuments that has been erected not by artists but by critics , who produce meaning not through creation but through interpretation ?
But symmetrical evil does not mean symmetrical memorialization .
In some cases , monuments are erected not on the former murder sites , as in Germany , but near them .
This pattern represents not the old regime 's eradication , but its coexistence with the new one .
There is not a single plaque commemorating the Leningrad KGB 's victims near the site of their suffering .
The memory of its victims is not only a national , but also a European responsibility .
That 's not a recipe for sophisticated thinking .
Terrorism has not exacerbated them .
Security forces have not helped resolved them .
Palestine and Chechnya , two sites of pain and terrorist infection , have not healed .
If you do not see humanity in your counterpart , you will not talk to him .
But classical empires learned not to do it to colonized people .
Unfortunately not .
A Communist Party without Communism PRINCETON -- Russian President Vladimir Putin 's anointment of Alexander Medvedev to succeed him in what is supposed to be a democratic presidential election next March shows that Russia 's leaders have not changed a whit .
In the absence of Communist Party control , these security officers betrayed their corporate ethic and engaged in horse-trading , applying force when a trade did not go well .
In the end , Putin has what history left him : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power .
But make no mistake : Putin 's popularity ratings relied not on his vigor , humor , or mystique , but on salaries and credits that Russians had never enjoyed before .
We do not know what will happen next .
And Putin can not avoid responsibility .
Things could not be more different now .
In 1998 , Russians did not yet take for granted imported cars , foreign tourism , and other middle-class perks .
But this is not news anymore in Putin 's Russia .
In his article , Putin did not mourn the collapse of the USSR , though he previously called it `` the greatest catastrophe of the twentieth century . ''
Although he claims that he will not leave politics completely , he now looks like just another oligarch who must choose between capitulation , emigration , and imprisonment .
But the truth is that it is sheer dumb luck -- not statesmanship , good professional management , or anything inherently stable about the world 's nuclear weapon systems -- that has let us survive so long without catastrophe .
With 23,000 nuclear weapons -LRB- equivalent to 150,000 Hiroshimas -RRB- still in existence , more than 7,000 of them actively deployed , and more than 2,000 still on dangerously high launch-on-warning alert , we can not assume that our luck will hold indefinitely .
We know now -- with multiple revelations about human error and system breakdown on both the American and Russian sides during the Cold War years and since -- that even the most sophisticated command and control systems are not foolproof .
The messages must be stark : nuclear weapons are not only the most indiscriminately inhumane weapons ever invented , but the only ones capable of destroying life on this planet as we know it .
Carbon dioxide can also kill us , but not as quickly as bombs .
But it is not incredible to set a date like 2025 as a target for minimizing the world 's nuclear arsenal to less than 10 % of its current size , with very few weapons actually deployed , and their role in all states ' military doctrine dramatically reduced .
Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert came close , but not close enough .
One need not be naïve or in denial about the Palestinians ' multiple problems and missteps over the years to recognize that most of the recent obstacles to progress have been erected in Israel .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and his colleagues know perfectly well that UN recognition by itself will not deliver an end to occupation and the full realization of a sovereign Palestine .
The ICC is not a kangaroo court , and allegations without substance can be expected to be treated accordingly .
Recognition as a state will not change the situation with respect to Hamas .
Of course , its current ideological hostility to Israel 's very existence is a serious issue ; but Israel and the West should not compound their grievous mistake of not recognizing the legitimacy of its electoral victory in Gaza by rejecting any Palestinian state in which Hamas plays a governing role .
NEW YORK -- Good news not only sells less well than bad news , but also often seems harder to believe .
The arguments now are not about the principle , but about how to apply it .
In particular , unlike previous situations -- ranging from the Burmese response to Cyclone Nargis to the Sri Lankan military 's civilian massacres masquerading as a legitimate response to terrorist insurgency -- there is little conceptual disagreement now about what are , and are not , `` RtoP cases . ''
For all of the lamentable inadequacy of the Security Council 's response to the situation in Syria , no one has seriously argued that it is not an RtoP case .
Moreover , there have been important institutional developments in terms of early-warning mechanisms and civilian and military preparedness , not least with President Barack Obama 's recent initiation in the United States of an interagency Atrocities Prevention Board .
I have learned from long experience that to be optimistic about almost anything in international affairs is to run the risk of being thought ignorant or naïve , if not demented .
Or will it settle for nuclear capability , able to make weapons but choosing not to ?
By contrast , it has not been so easy for observers to see why Iran would stop short of building the nuclear weapons that it may soon have the capacity to produce .
The first reason is concern that Israel will perceive the existence of one or two Iranian bombs as an existential threat , demanding a pre-emptive military attack -- with or without US support , but in either case with resources that Iran knows it can not match .
Iranians think such an attack unlikely if they do not cross the red line of actual weaponization .
There is skepticism about the capacity of Egypt , Saudi Arabia , or Turkey to move quickly to build bombs of their own , and a belief that they would be under much international pressure , especially from the US , not to do so .
Few in the West are likely to find this line very compelling , but it has echoed strongly in every conversation that I have ever had with Iranian officials , senior or minor . And it is not without plausibility : Iran did not , after all , respond in kind when it was bombarded with chemical weapons by Iraq .
Any agreement involving an end to sanctions and diplomatic isolation would need to be accompanied by intrusive monitoring , inspection , and verification arrangements , covering not only all sensitive stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , but also any suspected weapons design or engineering facilities .
But , just as we can not afford to underestimate the forces of extremism that persist there , we also fail at our peril to comprehend the currents of restraint and good sense that run within the country , including at high policymaking levels .
The Responsibility to Protect Libyans ABU DHABI -- Sovereignty is not a license to kill .
A bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if he does not step down .
Declaring a no-fly zone is not a `` soft '' option : it must mean being prepared to shoot down any fighters , bombers , or helicopter gunships that breach it .
The result was either UN-authorized action that was erratic , incomplete , or counterproductive -- as in the Somalia debacle of 1993 , the Rwandan genocide in 1994 , and the massacre in Srebrenica in 1995 -- or action that was eventually effective , but not UN-authorized -- and thus unlawful -- as in Kosovo in 1999 .
Given the complexity and sensitivity of the issues -- never more so than when military action is an option -- it is not surprising that the responsibility to protect remains a work in progress .
The lesson is not that the principle is irrelevant , but that we have to do better in applying it in the future -- and that future , with Libya , is now .
If these measures do not bite immediately , and the carnage continues , there will be no alternative but to do more .
MELBOURNE -- The international military intervention in Libya is not about bombing for democracy or for Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi 's head -- let alone keeping oil prices down or profits up .
It should not be necessary to rearticulate and reargue these basic points .
US Senators John McCain and Joseph Lieberman , for example , have said that the aim must be not only to protect civilians , but also to drive Qaddafi from power .
Military action expressly designed to kill Qaddafi or force him into exile , to ensure a rebel victory in a civil war , or to achieve a more open and responsive system of government in Libya is not permissible under the explicit terms of Resolution 1973 .
True , one or more of these results might , conceivably , be the effect of permissible military action , but they can not be its objective .
As the situation in Libya and the wider Middle East unfolds , policymakers are bound to face further acute dilemmas , not least in responding to continuing repression in Tripoli , or the similarly ugly and fragile situations in Bahrain and Yemen .
When states preach virtues they do not practice , or set lower hurdles for allies , trading partners , or co-religionists than they do for others , irritation and non-cooperation are the least they can expect .
Democracy promotion by the United States and the European Union generates ridicule when it extends only to elections producing winners found palatable , as Gaza 's vote for Hamas in 2006 did not .
Why strike in Libya but not in Darfur -- or in Yemen , Bahrain , or Syria ?
Former US President George W. Bush famously did not `` do nuance . '' Nor do most of the world 's foreign-policy pundits .
And there are tools for applying it in the five tests of legitimacy for the use of force -- in any context , not just mass atrocity crimes -- recommended by former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan and the High Level Panel he appointed to advise the 2005 World Summit on reforms to the global security system .
These guidelines have not yet been formally adopted by the General Assembly or the Security Council , and remain only background noise in current international debates .
It must not cross it if it wants to preserve its own credibility , and the world 's capacity for intervention in similar conscience-shocking cases .
Even when they 're not , a higher principle surely comes into play .
Japan 's Fukushima disaster has generated a massive debate about the safety of nuclear power , but not about nuclear weapons .
With only a handful of exceptions , the current generation of political leaders shows little interest in disarmament , and not much more in non-proliferation .
And their publics are not pressuring them to behave otherwise .
We know that terrorist groups have the capacity to engineer nuclear devices and would explode them anywhere they could ; we simply can not be confident that we can forever deny them access to the fissile material they need to fuel them .
The third message is that if the existing nuclear powers sincerely want to prevent others from joining their club , they can not keep justifying the possession of nuclear weapons as a means of protection for themselves or their allies against other weapons of mass destruction , especially biological weapons , or conventional weapons .
Most leaks are likely to involve some breach of law by the original source , if not by the publisher .
What is clear in all of these cases is that the stakes are so high that it simply can not be left to the judgment of WikiLeaks and media outlets to make the necessary calls without consulting relevant officials .
The problem is not that negative things are said behind closed doors -- as one leader famously responded to an apologizing Hillary Clinton , `` You should hear what we say about you '' -- but that they become public knowledge .
Governments should not over-react to these kinds of leaks .
At the same time , these kinds of leaks should not be naively applauded as somehow contributing to better government .
It was not a thuggish tackle , abuse of the umpire , or match-fixing in collusion with gamblers .
They were not serious -- just part of the game , uttered in the heat of the gladiatorial contest on the field and the passionate partisan cheering in the stands .
It 's just a way of letting out your feelings . '' It seemed not to occur to anyone that the black players who were the subject of this abuse could possibly have rather different feelings about it .
The revelation of the abuse of players of Sudanese and Nigerian origin generated a surge of genuine , visible , and tangible public repugnance -- a very real sense that the perpetrators had shamed not only themselves , but also their country .
The outer circles are the transition countries , while the rings around the center would be EU countries that still refuse to join the EMU , or do not yet fulfill all the conditions , like Romania and Bulgaria , or eventually the western Balkan countries and Turkey .
Europe has been unifying gradually for 50 years now , and we can reasonably look forward to further inter-continental cooperation and integration , not least because of scientific and technological developments .
These factors have inspired some China watchers to regard the country 's economy as a bubble , if not to predict a hard landing in 2010 .
Instead , they are so confident that they often blame the government for not allowing the economy to grow even faster .
But a tendency toward a bubble need not become a reality .
As such , they will not fuel a bubble by leading to immediate over-capacity in industry .
Over-borrowing by local government did pose risks to the banking system and the economy as a whole , but , given China 's currently low public-debt\/GDP ratio -LRB- just 24 % even after the anti-crisis stimulus -RRB- , non-performing loans are not a dangerous problem .
But it has not appeared yet , and it may be adequately contained if it does .
Of course , there are other sources of friction now that did not seem as pressing five years ago .
Someone needs to take responsibility , and , as US politicians do n't want to blame themselves , the best available scapegoat is China 's exchange rate , which has not appreciated against the US dollar in the past 18 months .
Recent evidence suggests that it would not .
American companies can not compete with these countries either . So no new jobs would be added in the US , but the inflation rate would increase .
In both scenarios , US employment would not increase and the trade deficit would not diminish .
If the US dollar needs to devalue because of fundamental disequilibrium in the US economy , the problems can not be fixed by lowering the dollar 's value alone .
In choosing whether or not to do so , its policymakers may weigh factors ranging from China 's international responsibilities to the potential damage of foreign protectionism or even a `` trade war . ''
Getting more farmers into better-paid manufacturing and service-industry jobs will mean not only a reduction in poverty , but lower income disparity .
To be sure , China 's domestic consumption is not as high as it should be , standing at 49 % of GDP in 2008 , with household consumption accounting for only 35 % .
But domestic demand , which determines imports , consists not only of consumption , but also of fixed-asset investment .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
Today , by contrast , although domestic investment is growing very strongly , external demand has not recovered to its previous levels .
The last time China saw such high growth in domestic investment , the savings rate was not as high as it is now .
Whether or not the housing correction will hit overall growth depends on how one defines `` hit . ''
Local governments and state-owned enterprises do not necessarily have those concerns .
They have been successful and , so far , have not experienced bad times .
The most important thing for `` ironing out cycles '' is not the stimulus policy implemented after a crash has already occurred , but to be proactive in boom times and stop bubbles in their early stages .
I am not quite sure whether all Chinese policymakers are good students of modern economics .
But this is not always true .
For instance , if I save $ 100 , but at the same time I invest $ 100 in my factories ' fixed assets , I am `` balanced domestically '' and not running an export surplus with anyone .
The same logic can be applied to the US economy , but in the opposite way : even if the US wants to consume a lot and does not save , it may not run trade deficits if it does not invest much .
It runs a trade deficit only when it invests a lot while simultaneously not limiting consumption .
If Americans and Europeans had saved more , they might not have created the global imbalances that fueled the financial crisis , or the worldwide sovereign-debt problems that have since emerged .
If a developing country has high savings -LRB- despite efforts to increase current consumption -RRB- as a result of structural factors , the best strategy is not to reduce savings through short-run `` external shocks , '' such as dramatic exchange-rate appreciation , which may kill export industries overnight .
Moreover , investment in public infrastructure and urban facilities will not create industrial `` over-capacity '' ; instead , it will provide long-term public consumption durables that households and companies will use for years to come .
Of course , a country must deal with a savings rate that is `` too high '' even if it is not necessarily the main cause of external imbalances .
But this can and should be addressed by domestic policies aimed at bringing about structural change , not by external policies like exchange-rate appreciation .
Without domestic structural change , currency appreciation would not only undermine exports , but might also decrease imports , owing to higher unemployment and lower income .
China must recognize that high savings will not provide stable growth over the long run .
Meanwhile , China 's so-called `` export-oriented growth policy '' itself may not be wrong for a developing country , because international trade in general creates more jobs and brings more income .
When the main object of human consumption was food , this was not a problem , because what mattered was land and water .
It was not `` preferential '' policies or skewed resource allocation by the government that caused China 's coastal cities to boom , but rather their proximity to the ocean , which was and remains the cheapest way to move resources and products .
China may have more and larger high-tech and service industries -- sectors that do not depend so heavily on transport -- in the future .
Such investments may not be as profitable as in other regions , but they should be regarded as public goods intended to equalize conditions for growth .
Of course , the government 's efforts alone can not entice industrial investors to `` go West , '' because public infrastructure spending can not overcome all problems .
Without a road , you can not transport resources and finished goods .
This is the labor that flows in the opposite direction , from west to east , promoting the only economic equality a country can ever achieve -- equality of per capita income , not of GDP .
But I believe that other factors are also essential One-factor mobility may work well in a theoretical model , but in the dynamic real world , if the income gap can not be narrowed rapidly enough , conditions that serve to enlarge the gap -- such as unfavorable geography -- may come to dominate .
This will sustain , if not deepen , global disparities , especially given northern countries ' unwillingness to allow free international migration .
The good news for China now is that the new national Five-Year Plan for 2010-2015 calls for the government not only to encourage domestic migration between regions , but also to improve the conditions for rural people to move and settle in the cities .
The infamous `` Hukou '' system -LRB- the resident registration system that restricts migration -RRB- may not be abolished overnight , but will be phased out step by step .
Indeed , not all of China 's `` households '' have benefited alike from rapid GDP growth .
But the most fundamental problem is that development does not take place overnight .
As a result , the income of almost 70 % of the labor force can not increase as fast as their labor productivity , and average household income thus can not grow as fast as the economy as a whole .
Given China 's massive stock of `` surplus labor , '' this trend will not reverse itself soon .
All the lessons from developing countries from the 1950 's through the 1980 's , and recent lessons from some advanced developed countries , tell us that over-burdening social programs with too great a focus on redistribution may cause large fiscal deficits , debt crises , hyper-inflation , or financial meltdown , with the end result being not a narrowing of disparity but an enlargement .
The Chinese economy is not over-heating .
And , while inflation is a concern -- having risen to 4.4 % year on year in October , from 3.6 % in September -- this can not explain why the PBC raised the RRR three times earlier this year , when inflation was lower .
Because China 's government does not owe much debt to the public , the PBC sold out its holdings of government bonds in 2005 .
This may result in `` extra reserves , '' which commercial banks can not use to extend their credit lines .
So they do not lose much , if anything , from the PBC 's sterilization policies .
So if it is not the hukou system that has prevented the growth of slums in China , what has ?
Households can keep this entitlement for the term of the lease -LRB- now 30 years -RRB- , but they do not have a property right in the land itself .
But land can never be sold or mortgaged , and its use can not be changed from farming to other commercial purposes without government permission .
The small piece of land allocated under the rural household contract system may not make farmers rich , but it serves as a social safety net of last resort .
Although this arrangement provides a smoother path to urbanization , it is a transitional , not a permanent one .
The main challenge is not infrastructure and urban facilities , however important they are .
That may not be achievable overnight .
After all , most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries , let alone countries in the Far East , really work .
China does have some common interests in fighting Islamic extremist terrorism , and it did not try to block America 's path to the Iraqi war in the UN Security Council .
But that remains a long-term strategic goal , not the stuff of presidential campaigns , especially when China seems too weak to pose any immediate threat to the US on any front in the foreseeable future .
It was not always this way .
Historically , it has been difficult to convince Asians that international trade is not a zero-sum-game , with Asia invariably the losers .
What we are witnessing is thus not `` emerging '' Asia , but the `` re-emergence '' of a continent that comprises 60 % of humanity .
It beggars belief that China and India are not members of the G-7 .
History is not particularly encouraging when it comes to adjusting to profound changes -- new actors and shifting balances of power -- as the twentieth century tragically and repeatedly demonstrated .
The devastation in Lebanon will take generations to repair , not only materially , but also psychologically .
A military solution is not viable .
Likewise , influential groups such as Hamas , the legitimate winner of the Palestinian elections , can not be eliminated by military force , however powerful , nor exorcised by decree .
Causing loss of lives does not contribute to the present or future welfare of the people of the region .
But the track record of `` peak oil '' theorists on such matters has not been impressive : their predictions have steadily moved forward the date that global oil production will peak .
While peak oil theorists have strong views about that , they do not allow for all the current and future technological possibilities that might increase resources .
Fortunately , the focus of the debate is on reserves and not resources .
The concept of reserves is technical and economic , not geological .
In fact , the bulk of recent growth in world reserves is due not to new discoveries , but mainly to reserve growth and improved recovery rates .
In the short term , there are concerns that oil production will peak soon , owing not to the unavailability of reserves , but to obstacles to investment -- for example , access to reserves , sanctions , and policy uncertainty .
Unfortunately , that debate has not yet started .
Likewise , the ongoing development of topical microbicides offers the hope of empowering women to protect themselves from HIV infection when using condoms or refusing sexual intercourse is not feasible .
Many current studies focus on developing vaccines that might not completely prevent HIV infection , but that still could slow the progression of HIV or make a person less likely to pass the virus on to others .
Moreover , some aspects of patient management emerged as risk factors for not completing therapy , which suggests difficulties in access to health services for TB patients .
Structural barriers do not represent the only problems of access to treatment in the health care system . Foreign-born patients may interrupt treatment due to lack of confidence in diagnosis and care , or they may ignore the more minor symptoms of the illness .
The DOTS strategy is not implemented in all European countries , owing in part to disagreement about whether treatment is a duty or a right .
Of course , increasing import dependence does not necessarily mean less energy security , any more than self-sufficiency guarantees uninterrupted supply .
In other words , even if OECD countries reduce their emissions to zero , they alone could not put the world onto the 450-ppm trajectory .
But clear price signals are not enough , as a low-carbon future requires major breakthroughs in technology development and deployment .
The problem is that the principle can not be applied consistently .
We do not know how much of the recent rise is caused by human activities . Some of the recent rise , associated with the shrinking of glaciers , is not caused by human activities , since the glaciers have been shrinking for hundreds of years while human activities became significant only in the last century .
We do not know which of the two effects predominates .
The precautionary principle is not a useful substitute for scientific understanding .
The so-called `` food crisis '' of 2008 was not really a crisis in the sense of a condition that can be resolved by the quick application of emergency measures .
And it is not likely to disappear soon , though food prices are moderating for the moment .
Where land is not yet limited , small-scale organic farming is an affordable luxury .
The amount of arable land on the planet has not changed substantially in more than half a century .
With the world 's focus on the debate over Iraq , the war on terror , and the Bush administration 's doctrine of unilateral preemption , the American government 's new emphasis on the utility of nuclear weapons has not received the attention it deserves .
Secretary Abraham said it did not ; that his department was only studying adaptations of existing weapons .
This approach is not in America 's national interest , nor is it consistent with American traditions and values .
Indeed , nuclear options should not be considered as an extension of conventional options .
If America does not , it may very likely encourage others to develop their own standards and their own nuclear arsenals .
If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons even more deeply into their own contingency plans -- and possibly use them .
If the US is not careful , our own new nuclear posture could provoke the very nuclear-proliferation activities we are seeking to prevent .
In reality , of course , the US does not have a dollar policy -- other than letting the market determine its value .
The US government does not intervene in the foreign exchange market to support the dollar , and the Federal Reserve 's monetary policy certainly is not directed toward such a goal .
But , while the declining dollar does reduce Americans ' purchasing power , the magnitude of this effect is not large , because imports account for only about 15 % of US gross domestic product .
The dollar has declined during the past two years against not only the euro but also against most other currencies , including the Japanese yen and the renminbi .
With a lower total yield and increased portfolio risk , it is not surprising that investors worldwide want to sell dollars .
This is not an easy task , because the European Central Bank must remain vigilant about rising inflation , and because many EU countries maintain large fiscal deficits .
Yet we do not see carbon taxes being adopted .
Worse still , cap-and-trade systems in practice do not rely solely on auctions to distribute the emissions permits .
But before rushing to impose tariffs , it is important to remember that cap-and-trade policies would not be the only government source of differences in competitiveness .
While a 6.9 % saving rate is not high in comparison to that of many other countries , it is a dramatic shift from the household-saving rate of less than 1 % that the United States experienced in 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 .
But this direct link between higher household saving and a lower dollar will only be forged if higher household saving is not outweighed by a rise in government dis-saving , i.e. , by a larger government deficit .
Put differently , the value of the dollar reflects total national saving , not just savings in the household sector .
It is , of course , possible -- I would say likely -- that China and other foreign lenders will not be willing to continue to provide the current volume of lending to the US .
Although the higher level of household saving will limit the rise in US interest rates , it will not change the fact that the combination of large future fiscal deficits and foreign lenders ' reduced willingness to buy US securities will lead to both a lower dollar and higher US interest rates .
More specifically , the rising unemployment rate , along with the large number of employees on involuntary part-time work , has increased the number of people who can not afford their monthly mortgage payments .
If a homeowner stops making mortgage payments , the creditor can take the property but can not take other assets or a fraction of wages .
This is a new program , and it remains to be seen how well it will work to prevent future defaults . Some limited previous experience with mortgage modifications is not encouraging .
That would help not only the US economy , but also the economies of all of America 's trading partners .
But it is also important not to do it too soon , which might stifle today 's nascent and very fragile recovery .
Bernanke does n't take orders from the US president , and King does n't take orders from the British prime minister -LRB- and it 's not even clear who would claim to tell Trichet what to do -RRB- .
Although the Federal Reserve is technically independent and not accountable to the President , it is a creation of the US Congress and accountable to it .
But the unemployment rate could be over 9 % -- and possibly even more than 10 -- when it begins to act . If so , can we really expect Congress not to object ?
Add to this the pledge not to raise taxes on anyone earning less than $ 250,000 and you have a recipe for large fiscal deficits as long as this president can serve .
While the meaning of `` coordinated '' has not been spelled out , it presumably implies that the national exit strategies should not lead to significant changes in exchange rates that would upset existing patterns of trade .
Private health insurance is generally provided by employers , which is encouraged by treating employer payments for health insurance as a tax-deductible business expense while not including the value of that insurance as taxable income to employees .
But there remain about 54 million individuals who are not formally insured , and some insured individuals still face the risk of financially ruinous medical costs if they have very expensive medical treatment .
Obama campaigned on the goals that everyone should have health insurance , that high medical costs should not bankrupt anyone , and that increased efficiency in the production and delivery of care should slow the overall growth of health-care costs .
If the cost and financing estimates are accurate , and if Congress does not change any of these provisions in the future , the CBO 's calculations imply that the Senate Finance Committee plan would reduce fiscal deficits between now and 2019 by $ 49 billion , less than 1 % of the projected deficits of more than $ 7 trillion .
If they do this , the government would not collect the additional revenue from the insurance companies , employers , or employees .
But anyone who recalls what the American and British economies were like before Reagan and Thatcher , and who knows the changes that they introduced , must also recognize that the world can not go back .
Although Reagan could not bring down spending on entitlement programs for retirees , America 's non-defense discretionary spending was reduced by one-third , from 4.7 % of GDP in the 1980 to 3.1 % in 1988 .
While some restrictions on banks will be imposed in the wake of the financial crisis , we will not see a return to severe regulatory constraints on banks ' activities .
That return to full employment will also reduce the number of people who , discouraged that no jobs exist for those with their skills , have stopped looking for work -LRB- and are therefore not counted as unemployed -RRB- .
But not all of the extra output produced over the next decade will remain in the US .
While it is hard to say how much the decline might be , it would not be surprising to see a fall of 20 % over the next several years from the current level of about 1.4 dollars per euro .
That is not going to happen in the US .
Large budget deficits have led to high inflation in countries that are forced to create money to finance those deficits because they can not sell longer-term government bonds .
That is not a risk for the US .
The goods that Europe exports include machinery , chemicals , and a variety of other products that consumers do not buy directly .
The other eurozone countries are not as competitive as Germany at today 's exchange rate .
If it were not part of the euro system , Greece might not have gotten into its current predicament and , even if it had gotten into its current predicament , it could have avoided the need to default .
Greece 's default on its national debt need not mean an explicit refusal to make principal and interest payments when they come due .
Greece might have been able to avoid that outcome if it were not in the eurozone .
Because Greece has not had its own currency for more than a decade , there has been no market signal to warn Greece that its debt was growing unacceptably large .
But , because Greek euro bonds were regarded as a close substitute for other countries ' euro bonds , the interest rate on Greek bonds did not rise as Greece increased its borrowing -- until the market began to fear a possible default .
In the end , Greece , the eurozone 's other members , and Greece 's creditors will have to accept that the country is insolvent and can not service its existing debt .
And when a country with excessive fiscal deficits needs to raise taxes and cut government spending , as Greece clearly does now , the resulting contraction of GDP and employment can not be reduced by a devaluation that increases exports and reduces imports .
The unemployed workers of Greece , Portugal , and Spain do not move to faster-growing regions of Europe because of differences in language , history , religion , union membership , etc. .
Until recently , the bond markets treated all euro sovereign debts as virtually equal , not raising interest rates on high-debt countries until the possibility of default became clear .
In reality , of course , a single currency or fixed exchange rate is not needed for trade to flourish .
But not all of the eurozone 's current members may be there a year from now .
CAMBRIDGE -- The investors that I talk to these days are not sure whether to worry more about future inflation in the United States or about future deflation .
While those large fiscal deficits will be a major problem for the US economy if nothing is done to bring them down , they need not be inflationary .
But they do not cause inflation unless they lead to excess demand for goods and labor .
In the current situation , the US can not reduce the real value of its government debt significantly by indulging in a bout of inflation , because the average maturity on existing debt is very short -- only about four years .
Those who worry about deflation note that the US consumer price index has not increased at all in the past three months .
And does n't Japan 's persistent deflation since the early 1990 's also show that , once it begins , deflation can not be reversed by a policy of easy money or fiscal deficits ?
But , while inflation is very likely to remain low for the next few years , I am puzzled that bond prices show that investors apparently expect inflation to remain low for ten years and beyond , and that they also do not require higher interest rates as compensation for the risk that the fiscal deficit will cause real interest rates to rise in the future .
Unfortunately , you can not tell from the forecasts .
The forecaster is not saying that he or she is confident that growth will be exactly 3 % .
While that is useful information , it does not say anything about the extent to which each forecaster believes that growth might turn out to be less than 1 % , or even less than zero .
They provided an early spark , but it looks like the spark did not catch .
That fall in wealth means that households must save more to prepare for retirement , and that retirees are not able to dissave as much as they did before .
Such a low national saving rate would not be sufficient to finance the level of new investment in plant , equipment , and housing that the country needs .
A competitive dollar abroad means that other countries should not implement policies that artificially depress the value of their currencies in order to promote exports and deter imports .
Although the United States does not have a formal inflation target , financial markets understand that the Fed aims for an inflation rate close to 2 % .
The Treasury does not intervene in currency markets to bolster the dollar , and the Fed does not raise interest rates for that purpose .
Instead , the US stresses to foreign governments that an effective global trading system requires not only the removal of formal trade barriers , but also the absence of policies aimed at causing currency values that promote large trade surpluses .
But foreign investors , who hold nearly half of the US government 's debt now -- and are likely to hold an even larger share in the future -- could still have reason to worry that the US might someday try to reduce the value of its debt in a way that adversely affects them but not Americans , or that affects all debt holders but relieves the foreign-debt burden on American taxpayers .
This need not mean outright default ; a plan to repay principal and interest with low-interest securities rather than cash -- or to withhold income tax on interest earned from government bonds , crediting those taxes against the obligations of American taxpayers -- would achieve the same result .
The current policies and those proposed in the government 's recent budget would cause the national debt to rise rapidly , but those policies are not inevitable .
Although they had experienced large declines in share prices and house values , they had such large amounts of liquid savings in postal savings accounts and in banks that they did not feel the need to increase saving in order to rebuild assets .
The excess of national saving over investment not only permits Japan to be a capital exporter , but also contributes -- along with the mild deflation that Japan continues to experience -- to the low level of Japanese long-term interest rates .
But this time the downturn was not caused by higher interest rates , and reducing those rates did not produce a strong rebound .
Because the downturn was not caused by high interest rates , lowering them could not lift the economy out of recession .
Unfortunately , the fiscal stimulus was not well enough designed to get the economy onto a strong , self-sustaining growth path .
But , intended or not , the increased supply of dollars also affects the international value of the dollar .
That provides a further reason for American investors to shift part of their portfolios from dollars to other currencies that are not likely to experience rising inflation .
In particular , since the European Central Bank has clearly rejected quantitative easing , investors will want to buy euro bonds issued by Germany and other European countries that are not in danger of default .
But the market forces that cause those currencies to appreciate do not work on the renminbi , because China has only very limited capital-account convertibility .
Investors in the US and other countries can not buy either renminbi or renminbi-denominated bonds in the way that they can buy other currencies .
Indeed , in the five months since that announcement , the Chinese government has allowed the renminbi to appreciate by 3.1 % -- not much less than the average rate of appreciation that it allowed between 2006 and 2008 .
Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has stressed that China does not want more rapid appreciation of the renminbi , because of the potential adverse impact on Chinese exporters .
Even those Chinese households that do not buy imported goods would benefit , because the lower cost of imported raw materials would reduce the cost of goods produced in China .
But the agreement only maintains the existing tax rates , so taxpayers do not see it as a tax cut .
But , while the decline in tax payments will be about 0.8 % of GDP , it is not clear how much of this will translate into additional consumer spending and how much into additional saving .
But , at a time when interest rates are very low and large businesses have enormous amounts of cash on their balance sheets , this change in the timing of tax payments is not likely to do much to stimulate investment .
The rise in consumer spending was not , however , due to higher employment or faster income growth .
Quantitative easing is scheduled to end in June 2011 , and the Fed is not expected to continue its massive purchases of Treasury bonds after that .
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced .
To maintain price competitiveness , the gap between Greek wage growth and the rise in Greek productivity -- i.e. , output per employee hour -- must not be greater than the gap in other eurozone countries .
That will not be easy .
Ever since the Greek crisis began , the country has shown that it can not solve its problems as the IMF and the European Commission had hoped .
A temporary leave of absence from the eurozone would allow Greece to achieve a price-level decline relative to other eurozone countries , and would make it easier to adjust the relative price level if Greek wages can not be limited .
Economic growth in the United States during the first three quarters of 2010 was not only slow , but was also dominated by inventory accumulation rather than sales to consumers or other forms of final sales .
This creates a strong incentive to default , because mortgages in the US are effectively non-recourse loans : the creditor may take the property if the borrower does n't pay , but can not take other assets or a portion of wage income .
The US Federal Reserve will maintain its policy of keeping the overnight interest rate at near zero ; but , given a fear of asset-price bubbles , it will not reverse its decision to end its policy of buying Treasury bonds -- so-called `` quantitative easing '' -- at the end of June .
That might please China 's neighbors , but it would not appeal to Chinese producers .
But China can not reduce the volume of such bonds while it is running a large current-account surplus .
The renminbi prices of the Chinese manufactured products that are exported to the US may not have increased at all .
Negative equity is significant because mortgages in the United States are generally `` no recourse '' loans . If a homeowner defaults , creditors can take the house , but they can not take other property or income to make up any unpaid balance .
Even in those states where mortgages are not `` no recourse '' loans , creditors generally do not pursue the assets or income of individuals who default .
We can not be sure about how much further house prices will fall .
It is not clear what will stop this self-reinforcing process .
Until house prices stabilize , these securities can not be valued with any confidence .
And that means that the financial institutions that own them can not have confidence in the liquidity or solvency of potential counterparties -- or even in the value of their own capital .
Without this confidence , credit will not flow and economic activity will be constrained .
Postponing a default gives the French and German financial institutions time to build up their capital , reduce their exposure to Greek banks by not renewing credit when loans come due , and sell Greek bonds to the European Central Bank .
The European Financial Stability Fund is large enough to cover Greece 's financing needs but not large enough to finance Italy and Spain if they lose access to private markets .
If , however , Spain or Italy does not persuade markets over the next two years that they are financially sound , interest rates for their governments and banks will rise sharply , and it will be clear that they are insolvent .
But there is a greater and more immediate danger : Even if Spain and Italy are fundamentally sound , there may not be two years to find out .
Although that may or may not be economically sensible , a country in a severe economic downturn might very well take such a policy decision .
If a country sees its banks failing because its national bank can not lend them enough , it may chose to leave the EMU so that its central bank can provide whatever amount of local currency it deems necessary .
A country that believes that monetary or fiscal policy is too tight may threaten to leave if policy is not changed .
But there is also a risk that some politicians act solely out of self-interest , seizing on the economic downturn as an opportunity to get elected by promising to withdraw the country from the EMU , or by saying that they will threaten to do so if the other member countries do not agree to their proposed policy changes .
If not reversed , it will cause further cuts in production , employment , and earnings , leading to further reductions in consumer spending .
As a result , the central bank 's lower interest rates do not translate into increased spending on interest-sensitive investment and consumption .
Banking supervisors did not deal with many institutions ' low levels of capital and poor asset quality .
Otherwise , credit will not flow and growth will not resume .
The US Treasury Department wasted valuable time in 2008 by not using the funds provided by Congress to deal with those housing-market problems .
Moreover , the usual automatic stabilizers of unemployment benefits and reduced income tax collections will do nothing to offset this fall in demand , because it is not caused by lower earnings or increased unemployment .
To be sure , an improvement in the currently dysfunctional financial system will allow banks and other financial institutions to start lending to borrowers who want to spend but can not get credit today .
So it is not clear what will occur to reverse the decline in GDP and end the economic downturn .
Its pace of expansion may not reach the double-digit rates of recent years , but China in 2010 will probably grow more rapidly than any country in Europe or in the western hemisphere .
Failure to do so would not only create hardship for the millions of unemployed , but would also threaten political stability , which depends on the expectation of continuing economic prosperity .
While the very modest extent of current deflation does not create a significant problem , if it continues , the price level could conceivably fall by a cumulative 10 % over the next few years .
Because the US Federal Reserve and other central banks have driven their short-term interest rates close to zero , they can not lower rates further in order to prevent deflation from raising the real rate of interest .
If the central bank can not lower interest rates further to stimulate the economy , what will stop a potential downward spiral of prices ?
The catalyst for what came to be known as `` Barricades Week '' was an interview published in the German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung with the parachute general Jacques Massu , in which he said that part of the army regretted having called de Gaulle back to power , did not understand his policy , and was disappointed that he had become `` a man of the left . ''
Summoning Massu 's successor , General Jean Crépin , de Gaulle told him , `` The Europeans do not want the Arabs to make a choice , -LRB- but -RRB- the Muslims do not want to be Bretons .
Together , they have already cost more than America 's long war in Vietnam , but they have not increased public vigilance or political accountability at home .
More likely , Americans take these wars lying down because the costs are not experienced by the average citizen .
To finance today 's wars , by contrast , the US government has not only avoided raising taxes , but has actually cut them on an enormous scale , with the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 now extended at least through 2012 .
We will not know for some time whether the US public debt is sustainable .
The old-style right , with its fascist ancestry , lingers on . But , as the failure of the Front National in France shows , it can not break through from posturing to power .
But behind it all lurked his misrepresentation of xenophobia as patriotism and his rejection of immigrants , not as black or brown , but as culturally backward .
Of course , a return to the Europe of the 1930s is not in the offing . The new right accepts capitalism and modernity , and it mostly avoids anti-Semitism .
It is not revolutionary , nor does it preach violence .
But modern does not mean moderate .
These new model nationalists need not win elections to recast Europe .
Europe is in for a spell of designer demagogy that thrives in affluence or ennui . But it must be resisted , because domestic peace depends on mutual respect for cultural plurality , because Europe 's changing demographic profile demands more open borders , not a gated continent , and because the new right 's inherent chauvinism is irreconcilable with the EU 's survival and success .
The world should not only be worried ; it should be watching .
The Swiss did not respond with the kind of neglect that Russia 's government has shown so far toward its heroin and HIV epidemics -- more than two million drug users and an estimated one million people living with HIV , over 60 % of them infected while sharing contaminated needles .
Portugal 's decision in 2001 to decriminalize possession of illegal drugs led not only to more drug users in treatment -LRB- rather than in prison -RRB- , but also a significant decrease in the number of drug users newly infected with HIV .
The parliament building is not yet rebuilt , but the government is trying hard to rebuild Moldova as a democratic country with legitimate aspirations to join the European Union .
The global economic crisis not only hit the country hard , but , because of irresponsible electioneering , the previous government did not even try to fight it .
Europe has not only historical moral obligations to Israel , but also security interests that link it to the strategically vital Eastern Mediterranean .
The Iranian regime 's analysis might prove a dangerous miscalculation , because it is likely to lead sooner rather than later to a `` hot '' confrontation that Iran simply can not win .
Presenting Iran with these alternatives presupposes that the West does not fear rising oil and gas prices .
It is not enough for the Europeans to act while the Americans continue to look on as the diplomatic initiatives unfold , partaking in discussion only behind the scenes and ultimately letting the Europeans do what they will .
Even then , the international community would not have long to act .
Europe , America , and the Drumbeat of War with Iran America 's capital is once again abuzz with talk of war , not only of the latest `` strategy for victory '' in Iraq , but now also of military action against Iran .
As with Iraq , America 's strength may be enough to start a war , but not to win it .
French President Jacques Chirac unguardedly speculated that an Iran with one or two nuclear bombs might not pose a serious a threat , given the possibility of nuclear retaliation &#45; &#45; his musings so startled French officials that they quickly jumped in to correct the President 's comments .
Germany now wants to send some Tornado jets for reconnaissance purposes -- better than nothing , but not by much .
The policy of isolation coupled with direct negotiations would be strengthened further by a common strategy toward Syria , aimed not at `` regime change , '' but at `` coalition change '' -- that is , drawing Syria away from its close alliance with Iran .
But the world must not allow their freighted narratives about the past to cloud our actions to build a better future .
Otherwise , the stability that the UN has brought to Kosovo , and the region , will not last .
Resolving Kosovo 's status is also a necessity for the province 's Serb minority , who continue to live in uncertainty , not knowing whether to look to Belgrade or Pristina for protection of their rights .
Reintegrating Kosovo into Serbia is not tenable .
Since the end of the conflict in June 1999 , Serbia has not exercised any governing authority over Kosovo .
The UN simply can not solve Kosovo 's structural problems , namely the need to develop a viable economy and to begin engagement with the EU -- the most powerful motor for reform and economic development in the region .
But this does not mean that the international community and the EU should now leave Kosovo to its own devices .
This means that the EU can not leave Serbia to its own devices , either .
But the price of the EU 's support can not be changed : the major war criminals Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic must be delivered to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in The Hague .
The result is , the second phase of the deployment has still not taken place even though it was accepted by Khartoum six months ago .
But military intervention in Darfur without the Sudanese government 's consent is not an option today .
The new treaty is not simpler or more transparent than the rejected Constitution , quite the contrary .
And the wrangling in the run-up to and in Brussels itself surely did not contribute to the EU 's popularity among its citizens .
It is not for nothing that Ukraine 's President Viktor Yushchenko tried , or so it is said , to make this clear to the Polish leadership in several telephone calls .
Indeed , today the center almost completely dictates Russian internal politics and economics , though not within a totalitarian or autocratic framework , but in a democratic and market-based fashion .
Indeed , it will not be nearly as powerful as the old Soviet Union .
All these transformations will take time , and they will not come easily or be free of conflict .
Above all , the European Union and its member states can not allow Russia to recapture its imperial spheres of influence without severely damaging its own central interests .
So , while Russia 's modernization and democratization are in Europe 's interest , its return to an imperial foreign policy and barely veiled authoritarianism at home is not .
But the US can not withdraw without sending the entire region into chaos .
To be sure , even a decisive regional strategy by the US and its Western partners will not stop terrorism and violence in Iraq or , indeed , in the Middle East overnight .
The world is not preoccupied today by the `` limits to growth , '' but awareness of the consequences of growth on the earth 's climate and ecosystem is becoming prevalent .
Obviously not , as a large majority of climatologists are now warning .
So far , the EU has not really come up with any practical ways to do this .
They are not about to accept their `` disempowerment '' without a struggle .
The whole of Germany has been celebrating a never-ending party with guests from all over the world -LRB- which was not expected -RRB- .
Indeed , the US government does not even stand whole-heartedly behind its own initiative .
Moreover , the critical hurdle will not be the negotiations , but rather implementation of whatever agreement may emerge -- and its political cost will be very high .
But , then , this is the Middle East , where earlier breakthroughs grew out of defeat , not victory .
But it would take a medium-sized political miracle for these hopes not to be disappointed , and such a miracle will not happen -- whoever is elected .
The bad news is that , even under such auspicious conditions , the US , as a world power , will not relinquish its `` free-hand '' policy or forget its strength and its claim to preeminence among nations .
Why not start now to overcome the traditional tension between NATO and the EU -- especially as French policy toward NATO under President Nicolas Sarkozy has been moving in the right direction ?
Why not initiate EU-US consultations at a high political level -LRB- with the Secretary-General of NATO participating in security matters -RRB- -- for instance , by inviting the US Secretary of State and other members of the administration , such as the Treasury Secretary or the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , to sit several times a year on the appropriate EU Council meetings ?
Why not have routine annual meetings between the European Council and the US President ?
In international relations , power , not right , continued to be the only thing that mattered : the traditional concept of state sovereignty focused exclusively on power , i.e. , on control over people and territory , and protected the state 's authority , regardless of whether its enforcement was civilized or brutal , democratic or authoritarian .
The deep technological and social changes unleashed by the forces of modernity create tensions that , in the end , can not be resolved without appropriate normative and institutional responses .
Responsibility for this lays largely with the Bush administration which , by terminating the ABM Treaty , not only weakened the international control systems for nuclear weapons , but also sat on its hands when confronted with the NPT 's imminent collapse .
The use of nuclear weapons by terrorists would not only result in a major humanitarian tragedy , but also would most likely move the world beyond the threshold for actually waging a nuclear war .
Nearly equally worrisome is the nuclear redefinition of state sovereignty because it will not only lead to a large number of small , politically unstable nuclear powers , but will also increase the risk of proliferation into the hands of terrorists .
Unfortunately , only the first part of this agreement was realized -LRB- though not completely -RRB- , while the second part still awaits fulfillment .
This kind of `` security '' is not sufficient .
But the political will to act decisively is not there , because the public does not regard nuclear disarmament and arms control as a political priority .
Nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation are not questions of the past .
They need to be addressed today if they are not to become the most dangerous threats tomorrow .
But , while things are not developing as American neo-conservatives had intended , they are nevertheless developing .
Obviously , as these examples suggest , `` new '' does not necessarily mean better , but simply different and more modern .
A Shi'a government in Baghdad , dominated by Iran , would , in the medium term , threaten Saudi Arabia 's territorial integrity -- a scenario that the Saudis can not , and will not , accept .
The forefront of this battle is , at the moment , not in the Middle East , but in Turkey ; nevertheless , the result is bound to have more general significance .
The United States ' enemies have been strengthened , and Iran -- despite being branded as a member of the so-called `` axis of evil '' -- has been catapulted into regional hegemony . Iran could never have achieved this on its own , certainly not in such a short time .
The result has been the emergence of some surprising , if not bizarre , alliances : Iran , Syria , Hezbollah , Hamas , and the American-backed , Shia-dominated Iraq are facing Israel , Saudi Arabia , and most of the other Sunni Arab states , all of which feel existentially threatened by Iran 's ascendance .
Politics is not just about facts , but also about perceptions .
Whether or not a perception is accurate is beside the point , because it nonetheless leads to decisions .
Anyone following the press in Israel during the anniversary celebrations and listening closely to what was said in Jerusalem did not have to be a prophet to understand that matters are coming to a head . Consider the following :
No matter what desperate rescue efforts will be undertaken , they can not hide the fact that the European Union has left the world stage as a serious foreign policy player for at least ten years -LRB- if not for much longer -RRB- .
But a proactive , strong Europe capable of determining its own fate will not be in the cards for quite some time .
And that is exactly Europe 's core problem : several members do not want more than a donkey .
Solidarity is not a one-way street .
So why not with political integration ?
Olmert 's government has serious problems , but they are not the reason that the situation between Israel and Iran is coming to a head .
In the pre-negotiation phase , this means that Iran would agree not to install any new centrifuges , necessary for increasing the volume of uranium being enriched , while the 5 +1 group would refrain from calling for new sanctions in the Security Council .
The conflict , and thus the danger of a military confrontation , will not disappear under a new US administration .
But , as the European Union ponders what to do , cold realism , not hysterical overreaction , is in order .
Unfortunately , equating the current situation in the Caucasus with the Soviet Union 's invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 does not attest to this kind of realism .
Russia does not have the capacity to wage another struggle of that type .
But it will not be able to seriously challenge the United States -- or looking towards the future , China -- in ways that the Soviet Union once did .
For too long , the West has ignored Russia 's recovery of strength and was not prepared to accept the consequences .
But not only Russia has changed ; so has the entire world .
The inherent contradiction between a governance structure incapable of change and economic modernization , between cultural and religious conservatism and social and normative transformation , will therefore increase and bring about new , additional frictions if positive answers to these fundamental changes can not be found .
Europe in Wonderland BERLIN -- Europe and its national governments are basking in their new capacity to act -- and not without reason .
Who would have dared , even a few weeks ago , to predict that in the end it would be the divided Europeans , not the United States , who determined how to contain the global financial crisis ?
Of course , the crisis has not been overcome .
Even a global depression can not be excluded in the face of this fundamental crisis .
After all , if the crisis in financial markets continues and combines with a dramatic slump in the real economy , the EU could quickly be at risk if it can not respond politically .
This means not dividing Europe , but forming an active and inclusive avant garde .
And , unfortunately , Europe is not only doing nothing to hold off or reverse its decline -- it is accelerating the process through its own behavior .
Certainly , coordination between the member states exists , and is even successful at times , but without strong European institutions , such singular successes will not last .
If Europeans can not get their heads around the fact that the nineteenth century is over , the global caravan will continue to move forward into the twenty-first century without them .
I believe it is not .
Due to its geopolitical position and its potential , however , Russia will remain a permanent strategic factor in Europe and Asia that can not be ignored .
On the other hand , the missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic , and the prospect of NATO accession for Georgia and Ukraine , assume confrontation where this was not at all necessary .
The West should not reject Russia 's wish for new negotiations on a European security system .
The peripheral nature of the NATO-Russia Council was clearly not enough and did not work .
But why not think about transforming NATO into a real European security system , including Russia ?
Nonetheless , the challenge posed by Russia does not allow any further procrastination .
The longer the crisis continues , the more obvious it becomes that the common currency and the ECB alone are not enough to defend the Common Market and European integration .
Why not , then , quickly introduce new instruments such as Eurobonds , or create an EU mechanism comparable to the IMF ?
Each would certainly be costly -- particularly for Germany -- and therefore would be anything but popular , but the alternatives are much costlier ; indeed , they are not serious political options .
They are thinking first and foremost of themselves , not of Europe , which is thus effectively without leadership .
Europe today does not lack economic strength , but rather the political will to act in unison .
Merkel will play the central role in deciding how Europe positions itself , not only because she is the leader of the EU 's largest economy , but also because she wants to be re-elected in September .
The world will have changed once the global economic crisis is over , and the Europeans will not be able to complain about it then .
The question of whether to use coal or nuclear power is simply no longer apposite : without a breakthrough in renewable energies , global energy demand can not be met , not to mention the dangers of a new Chernobyl .
For that reason , Europe now requires leadership not from a weak EU Commission or from any other European institutions , but from the capitals of its major member countries .
It 's not just that there is fear in Berlin that any European solution would be much more expensive for Germany and take a lot longer ; this new form of German euroskepticism also shows a fundamental change of attitude amongst the overwhelming majority of Germany 's political and economic elite .
As such , this does not makes the drift in German policy -- which manifests itself , for example , in a refusal to lead in the present crisis -- any better .
And this applies above all , as it did in the past , to Germany , in the heart of the continent , with the EU 's largest population and economy , and , last but not least , with its difficult past .
One is astonished by the fact that Iran 's government did not opt for transparency immediately , by promptly and comprehensively providing the facts about the voting , facts that it alone possesses .
A regime in Tehran that must demonstrate external strength to survive its shattered legitimacy at home would therefore make the comprehensive , negotiated settlement that the West seeks much more difficult and risky , if not impossible , to achieve .
Like all partial modernizers in authoritarian regimes , Iran 's rulers want an advanced economy , technology , and infrastructure , but not freedom , democracy or the rule of law .
Thirty years later , Obama 's offer would enable Iran not just to consolidate its independence through reconciliation with the United States , but also to live up to its increased significance within the region and in world politics .
What is visible in the current crisis is that the Iranian revolution against the Shah was not the first Islamic revolution , but one of the last Third World anti-colonial revolts -- the end rather than the beginning of an historical era .
Indeed , the Soviet Union itself eventually collapsed because of its shortage economy , not a lack of missiles and nuclear warheads .
As a result , Turkey , not Iran , is on track to become this century 's key Middle Eastern power .
Despite a clear win for the center-right , the Christian Democrats -LRB- CDU -RRB- did not escape unscathed .
To be sure , the `` black and yellow '' CDU-FDP coalition will make some policy corrections -- slowing the nuclear phase-out , cosmetic changes to the tax system , etc. -- in order not to disappoint parts of their constituency and economic supporters .
November 9 , 1989 , marked not only the end of the Cold War era , but also the beginning of a new wave of globalization .
But what happened in the winter of 2004\/2005 was not only about the Ukrainian people 's democratic right to self-determination and their national independence , but also about the future of the European order as it had emerged from the Cold War 's end .
Although Ukraine is in big economic and social trouble , it should not be forgotten that it has , until today , been saved from the fate of becoming a `` guided '' democracy in the Russian mold .
Independent media and freedom of speech have not been restricted in Ukraine , and elections since 2004 have been judged free and fair by both international observers and the parties themselves .
All this can not be taken for granted in Eastern Europe .
Moreover , regardless of who wins the presidential runoff , fears about Ukraine 's independence will not , in contrast to 2004\/2005 , be an issue . This too , is a step forward that should not be underestimated .
Europe and Russia meet in Ukraine , and its fate will not only be a crucial factor in defining European security , but will also play a substantial role in future European-Russian relations .
So the future of this big country is of great importance to Europe ; in view of its own interests , therefore , Europe can not afford an emotionally frustrated reaction .
The EU 's eastern member states , in particular , must not lose their interest in Ukraine 's future , otherwise the Union as a whole may soon do the same .
Germany and Poland should also jointly make sure that Europe 's interest in an independent and democratic Ukraine is not directed against anyone -- not just in Kiev , but also in Moscow .
The fiscal deficit must now be redressed resulted not just from internal financial imbalances , but also from a political system that for too long time has been in denial of reality , allowing the country to live beyond its means .
This will not come cheap , and therefore will entail substantial political risks .
One sign of hope is that , following the recent Franco-German summit , German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time did not publicly oppose the idea of a European economic government .
At the same time , muddling through -- a typically European answer that limits political risk while not really changing anything -- will be difficult , because the consequences of the global economic crisis have not yet been fully addressed .
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Merkel spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules .
Such criticism disregards two important differences : first , unlike China , Germany , as a member of the eurozone , can not undervalue its currency .
The crucial point is not the German economy 's renewed strength , but whether Germany will use this strength in Europe 's interest or its own .
What Europe needs in this serious crisis are statesmen and women of Kohl 's caliber , not domestic politicians !
As the big economic and political winner of the eurozone , Germany , in particular , can not let a serious crisis of confidence threaten the European project , because nearly two-thirds of its exports go to the EU .
You could disregard all this as typical exaggeration if German domestic reaction did not demonstrate a clearly identifiable trend , namely Germany 's withdrawal as a motor of European integration as it increasingly pursues its more narrowly defined national interests .
That is true , except that Germany is not like the `` others . ''
It is best not to think about what this trend towards a weak EU will mean for Europe 's future in an international environment challenged by new players and dimensions .
Europe , whether it likes it or not , has taken on a new , strategic role in the region .
Successful modernization and democratization of Turkey -- with a strong civil society , the rule of law , and a modern economy -- will not only be hugely beneficial for Turkey , but will also export stability and serve as a model for transformation in the Islamic world .
The EU made these promises at the Council of Europe in December 2003 and formally at the Council of Foreign Ministers in April 2004 . But so far it has not fulfilled them .
So it is Ankara -- and not the EU ! -- that has a legitimate point here .
But Turkey will not sit idly on Europe 's doorstep .
America is fighting three wars in this region : in Iraq and Afghanistan , and -- not to be forgotten ! -- the `` war on terror '' against Al Qaeda and its offshoots , a war that is closely linked to the interests and conflicts within this large region .
Obama must finish the first two wars within his first term -- or at least massively reduce US military operations -- for domestic-policy and budgetary reasons , if he does not want to ruin his prospects for a second term .
Both wars are not only civil wars , but also proxy wars about regional power .
The war in Afghanistan will not be decided by military force , but by the strategic interests of Pakistan and other regional powers .
Looking at this picture , we should not forget the global dimension , either .
If the Obama administration does not succeed in stopping Iran by peaceful means from crossing the threshold to becoming a nuclear power , a hot confrontation is lurking .
It does not look good for Obama and his Middle East policy .
If Greece had defaulted , not only would Portugal , Spain , and other weaker eurozone economies have been threatened , but Europe would have faced a run on its securities .
That , in turn , would have triggered the collapse of supposedly `` too big to fail '' banks and insurance companies , not just in Europe , but worldwide .
The answer is clear : not many more .
The crisis has not yet manifested itself to most citizens of the West in the appalling , ground-shaking way of 1929 .
Moreover , the mood in the West swings between a realization that this crisis will not be resolved without fundamental commotions and changes , and hope that it will be resolved in the normal , cyclical way of other crises -- Mexico , Asia , the Internet bubble , etc. -- and that in the not-so-distant future things will start to pick up .
For all these reasons , the global crisis will not be devastating in the same way as the Great Depression was .
The fact that the current global crisis is a post-modern one does not make it any less dangerous .
Post-modern crises entail post-modern risks , resulting in disintegration and implosion of power vacuums , not the danger of classical wars .
And this is true in terms not only of security policy , but also of energy policy if you 're looking for alternatives to Europe 's growing reliance on Russian energy supplies .
The West , as well as Israel and Turkey themselves , most certainly can not afford a permanent rupture between the two states , unless the desired outcome is for the region to continue on its path to lasting destabilization .
Worse still , while Europe 's listlessness is visible first and foremost in the case of Turkey and the Middle East , this lamentable state of affairs is not limited to that region .
But China 's rise to global power , I believe , will not , owing to its massive population of 1.2 billion people , which threatens to overstretch the structures of any kind of government system and its decision makers .
Otherwise , the rapid and fundamental transformation of the country from a largely agrarian to an ultra-modern industrialized society could not proceed without destabilizing the system .
Since China will be the most important market of the future , it will be decisive in determining not only what we produce and consume , but how .
Despite European illusions to the contrary , this will be decided in China , not in the West .
At first , Merkel had a hard time getting the Bundestag -- and even the parties in her government -- to approve the initial `` small '' rescue package for the euro , promising that Germany would not have to pay any more than that .
That is not only because she is a poor public speaker , but also because she herself does not seem to know how to resolve the contradictions between national solutions and European constraints .
Merkel 's proposals do not reflect a German strategy aimed at leading the EU through this crisis .
Berlin is consumed not with the question of what Europe might need in this historical situation , and what Germany 's role should be , but with fear -- of the conservative and tabloid press , of further losses in state elections , and of the possibility that the German constitutional court will intervene and overturn the existing programs to contain the euro crisis .
One can not shake the impression that the European soul of this government is devoured by angst .
As for Germany 's ability to assert itself , there is not much evidence of it , despite the vigorous rhetoric .
That is not much of a victory for Merkel .
The more the EU is forced by Germany to become a union rooted in `` stability , '' the more pressing it will become for eurozone countries that can not conform to the new , stricter rules to receive some sort of financial compensation .
It is , after all , unrealistic to assume that all members can profit to the same extent from this hard-line approach ; that is not achievable even among the 16 federal German states .
At home , though , Merkel fears this debate like no other -- a debate that the financial markets and the crisis in many European countries will ensure can not be avoided .
Why not economic union , too ?
What the eurozone needs now is n't a repetition of Maastricht , but a kind of Schmidt\/Giscard 2.0 . This kind of initiative requires the support of Germany and France , because the crisis can not be resolved without them .
But the results so far are not very different from those under Bush .
But it is n't as simple as that , because a continuation of the conflict -LRB- which is what `` forgetting about it '' would boil down to -RRB- would not only prolong what is a tragedy for both Palestinians and Israelis , but would also be too dangerous for the region .
Israel can not afford a second Gaza in the West Bank and East Jerusalem ; for the Palestinians , a state with an ongoing Israeli military presence would be worthless .
It should have been clear that Netanyahu would not extend the freeze .
Israel would have a guarantee that its security would not be endangered by a final-status agreement and the establishment of a Palestinian state , and that its withdrawal from the Palestinian territories would be gradual , over several years , and monitored on the ground by a third party .
While the situation in the Middle East currently looks hopeless , a new attempt that focuses on the essential points , not on minor ones , deserves support .
So it is time to think geopolitically , not just fiscally , about the Mediterranean .
The `` Chinese option '' -- economic rights and prosperity in exchange for public quiescence -- is not feasible , owing to these regimes ' ineptness and rampant corruption .
European officials in Brussels and the major EU governments should not go for political and economic half-measures .
First , international pressure , led by the US , China , Russia , and Japan was not enough to prevent North Korea from taking this fateful step .
A number of small and mid-sized powers will now ask themselves a radically new question : if North Korea can be a nuclear power , why not us ?
If in these times of militarily-accomplished regime change real sovereignty can only be guaranteed by nuclear arms , why not go this route ?
A collapse of the non-proliferation regime will increase not only the risk of regional nuclear arms races , but also of a transfer of nuclear know-how and technology , increasing the risk of nuclear confrontation .
If the world is not one day to consist of a few big nuclear powers and many mid-sized and small ones , then the big nuclear powers must now undertake a serious disarmament and non-proliferation initiative .
Should the US be tempted now , in response to the failure of its policy , to consider a military `` option '' against Iran , the nuclearization of the international system will not be arrested .
Whether it does will depend to a large degree on how the West responds now , because what is at stake is not just the ousting of tyrants , but also the profound transformation and modernization of entire societies and economies .
There were many people who lost out during this transformation , and the democratic revolution 's organizers were not necessarily those who could push through the democratic and economic development .
These tasks call for largesse , both financial and otherwise -LRB- opportunities to travel , for example , were of vital importance in locking in the democratic aspirations of East Europeans after 1989 -RRB- , and they require decades , not years , of persistence .
But a democracy that does not translate into regular dinners is a democracy that is bound to fail .
But when fog clouds your visibility , you 're not an instinctive driver -LRB- as seems to be the case here -RRB- , and you have misplaced your eyeglasses , you place not only yourself at peril , but others as well .
And that will not be forgotten in the region , in the UN , or among Germany 's friends .
But , given the alternative -- a bloodbath unleashed by Qaddafi to reestablish his control over Libya -- this can not be a serious alternative to action .
And Libya is certainly not Iraq , either , where the dominant Western power , the US , started a war for ideological reasons and against the majority of the Security Council , a war that that had to -- and did -- end in disaster .
Taking on nuclear risk is not a necessity ; it is a deliberate political choice .
This political power , not the requirements of energy policy , is what makes giving up nuclear energy so difficult .
It was Japan , the high-tech country par excellence -LRB- not the latter-day Soviet Union -RRB- that proved unable to take adequate precautions to avert disaster in four reactor blocks .
It would also mean a eurozone failure that would not leave the Common Market unharmed .
That is why states should not be punished , and why their ongoing interests should not be underestimated .
Refusing to pay is not a viable option , because Germany and all other eurozone members are in the same boat .
At the heart of resolving the crisis lies the certainty that the euro -- and with it the EU as a whole -- will not survive without greater European political unification .
If Europeans want to keep the euro , we must forge ahead with political union now ; otherwise , like it or not , the euro and European integration will be undone .
Resolving this crisis requires more Europe and more integration , not less .
Regardless of the EU 's political crisis and paralysis , Europeans should not forget how important its existence is and will continue to be .
Had the European Council 's heads of state and government taken this foreseeable decision a year ago , the euro crisis would not have escalated to the extent that it has , the total bill would have been lower , and European leaders would have been rightly praised for a historic feat .
But , as I said , back then Merkel did not dare to act .
Other crisis countries in the eurozone have not been stabilized , because Germany -- fearing a domestic political backlash -- has not dared to embrace a community of liability by issuing Eurobonds , even if the European Financial Stability Facility 's new role means that virtually 90 % of the path has already been traveled .
This historic step can not be taken through the bureaucratic backdoor , but only in the bright light of democratic politics .
This is not a technocratic issue , but a profoundly political and democratic one .
In Germany , there has been a broad consensus for a stability union , but not for a transfer or liability union .
But if they do not even try , their defeat -- and that of Europe -- is certain .
And , while the tectonic shift in the region was triggered by the `` Arab Awakening , '' its players are not limited to the Arab world or to the confines of the Middle East conflict .
Given the current pace of change in the Middle East , we might not have to wait long for answers -- or for more questions .
If Europe 's monetary union fails , not much of the common market , or of European institutions and treaties , will be left .
If Europe today does not become the agent of its own destiny , it will become the object of new world powers .
The cause of the European crisis is not three decades of neo-liberalism . Nor is it the result of the collapse of a speculation-fueled asset bubble , the violation of the Maastricht criteria , ballooning debt , or greedy banks .
But this foundation of rules turned out to be an illusion : principles always need the support of power ; otherwise they can not stand the test of reality .
And let us be clear : anything less than a United States of Europe will not be powerful enough to prevent the looming disaster .
Like it or not , the eurozone will have to act as the EU 's avant-garde , because the EU as a whole , with its 27 member states , will be neither willing nor able to accelerate political unification .
Unfortunately , unanimous support for the necessary EU treaty changes simply could not be secured .
The existing power relations in the Middle East have indeed been permanently shaken and , indeed , revolutionized . The effect however , has not been a domino-like democratization ; instead we are threatened with a domino effect of descent into chaos .
This means a strategy based on political leverage not a threat of military intervention or regime change .
No other nation -- not China , Europe , India , or Russia -- has the power and the sense of mission to take on America 's role .
This was not always and everywhere the case -- certainly not in Latin America .
America 's departure from this great tradition did not begin with the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
For all these reasons not only America 's friends have a vital interest in a US return to multilateralism .
If you add to this the seizure , on President Bush 's orders , of Iranian `` diplomats '' by US forces in the northern Iraqi town of Erbil , a completely new picture of the President 's plan comes to the fore : the `` new strategy '' does not follow the advice of the Baker-Hamilton report , but harks back to the disastrous strategy of the neo-cons .
But air strikes on Iran , which America may see as a military solution , would not make Iraq safer ; they would achieve exactly the opposite .
And the dream of `` regime change '' in Tehran would not come true , either ; rather , Iran 's democratic opposition would pay a high price , and the theocratic regime would only become stronger .
The political options for stabilizing Iraq , and the whole region , as well as for securing a long-term freeze of Iran 's nuclear program , have not yet been exhausted .
The current state of Iran 's nuclear program does not call for immediate military action .
The mistake that the US may be about to make is equally predictable : a war that is wrong will not be made right by extending it -- that is the lesson of Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia .
A mistake is not corrected by repeating it over and over again .
Perseverance in error does not correct the error ; it merely exacerbates it .
This can be achieved through a program for subsistence farmers that not only improves productivity , but also reduces weather dependency and provides simple financing instruments to encourage investment in new technologies and equipment , increased land ownership , and easier access to local markets .
Israel does not want an even-handed mediator but an unconditional supporter .
In other words , no matter what blandishments are showered on Israel , when push comes to shove it is the ability to use power -- not charm -- that determines whether or not an outside power has a say in Arab-Israeli peacemaking .
Europe 's failure to play a role in resolving this conflict does not result from its supposed anti-Israeli views , but from the fact that the EU is not a state .
States are not given roles ; they acquire them by the power assets they can deploy .
And Europe can not deploy the type of power needed to tilt the balance in Arab-Israeli peacemaking .
Europe has already tried incentives for withdrawal , but that alone will not suffice ; the cost of occupation must also be raised .
IDF officials argue that some level of human rights violation is inevitable during occupation , and that the IDF 's record is not much worse than any other occupation army .
They are right ; an occupation can not be sustained without the systematic violation of human rights .
Experience , it turns out , is not just the name we give to our mistakes .
Unfortunately , however , this process has not gone far enough , enabling many banks , governments , and international institutions to return to `` business as usual . ''
The fact that many Western economies got out of recession last year should not fool us into thinking that the crisis was only a brief interlude , and that the post-crisis world can return to the pre-crisis status quo .
But governments are not guilty of deceiving the public ; if anything , they acted naïvely and are now paying the price .
However , this contribution was so far ahead of its time that the profession did not discover its importance until a quarter-century later , when theorists were developing endogenous growth theories .
France needs a debate on European Union affairs , but only as long as it does not degenerate -- as is common in Europe -- into self-flagellation .
The operation of European institutions -- the European Central Bank , the European Commission , and the Stability Pact -- is facing severe criticism , but not in the name of a nostalgia for national sovereignty .
Europe is not being rejected ; instead , the criticism has been in the spirit of improving European institutions in the name of the common good .
A moment of seeming political disunity , such as exists today , may not seem the right one to initiate such a project .
To be sure , governments can not escape their responsibilities to their citizens , and only the most naïve technocrat believes that the market alone can ensure energy independence .
The ecological disasters that today 's economic activity has already produced and the catastrophic potential of those to come have at last brought home the fact that energy policy and environmental protection can not be separated .
Its creation would also send out a new message to the European public : competition alone is not the only thing on Europe 's horizon .
Of course , that rate alone is not enough to sustain France 's current population , but it 's far stronger than its European neighbors and almost equal to that of the US .
Political fervor , it seems , has not vanished in the land of Rousseau and Danton .
So the truth must lie elsewhere : the French are not hopeless about politics ; they are simply waiting for a genuine leader .
Yes , the French are incorrigible lovers of the welfare state -LRB- they are not the only ones -RRB- .
Nicolas Sarkozy has not been elected to adapt France to an elusive globalization .
Citizens know by experience that democracy does not consist in universal suffrage alone , but also requires a public sphere that is equally open to all .
That approach amounts to communitarianism , not multiculturalism .
It does not deny distinctive identities and gives each the right to express itself within the private sphere .
But you can not dress up failure in the clothes of success .
The recent credit and liquidity crisis has revealed a similar condition in financial markets , because no one , not even central banks , seems to understand its nature or magnitude .
In fact , monetary laxity can be a symptom not of excess liquidity , but of excess saving .
When central bankers can not avoid a crisis -- or when they contribute to create one -- their fundamental mission is to do everything in their power to contain its impact .
The central banker is not only a lender of last resort , but also a speaker of last resort .
If the problem is excess saving , and if uncertainty erodes confidence , a massive injection of liquidity such as the ECB 's in response to the subprime crisis may be necessary but not sufficient .
Europe needs to know why the ECB has not .
Yet the current crisis , like others that preceded it , shows that monetary policy governs anticipations , not only of inflation but also of growth , whether central banks like it or not .
So long as the ECB does not acknowledge the doubts now hovering around Europe 's economies , there is a risk of a crash .
As a result , the inevitable European rate cut , when it comes , will probably not have the stabilizing effect that it should .
GENEVA -- Europe 's slow-motion sovereign-debt crisis may appear unique , but it is not .
Such radical changes would require the consent of all eurozone countries . And the Bundestag -LRB- not Standard and Poor 's -RRB- would have to be happy .
However , this does not mean that force becomes `` disproportionate '' simply when the costs outweigh the benefits .
It would not be acceptable to argue that to bomb a city on the mainland was necessary in order to compel the Argentine population to put pressure on the military junta to withdraw from the islands .
So bombing Buenos Aires in that context would have been unnecessary and therefore could not possibly qualify as proportionate .
But this is not as clear as it is in domestic criminal law .
I know of no case in the international version of shooting escaping looters where a court has affirmed that the use of force was necessary but not proportionate .
First , in international conflicts , the defending army must always protect the lives of its citizens , not just property interests .
As one would expect , there is no criterion , not even a theory , for determining when the use of force carries an excessive cost to civilian bystanders .
The violent reactions last year to the caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad published in a Danish newspaper saw a confused Western response , with governments tripping over their tongues trying to explain what the media should and should not be allowed to do in the name of political satire .
Other Turks have faced prosecution in Western Europe for saying that it did not .
The West has learned that , simply as a matter of self-censorship , not legal fiat , newspapers and other media outlets will not disseminate critical pictures of Muhammad , and the Pope will no longer make critical comments about Islam .
But these gestures of cooperation with Muslim sensibilities have not been met by reciprocal gestures .
Canadians punish racial insults , but Americans do not , at least if the issue is simply one of protecting the dignity of racial minorities .
But when it comes to terrorism in today 's world , most countries , including the world 's democracies , are not as tolerant as they used to be .
The US has not seen a treason prosecution since World War II , and Germany has , arguably , abolished treason in the traditional sense , retaining only a general crime of sedition designed to protect the government from overthrow by anti-democratic forces .
But as a matter of definition , if you have no duty of loyalty to a foreign country , then you can not commit treason against it .
Witness the debate about whether or not to prosecute John Walker , the Californian who fought for the Taliban in Afghanistan .
Jakes and Lenart may have sided with the Russian enemy in 1968 , but it is not clear what the state gains by beating a dead regime with yet another trial .
Perhaps the German model will win out and we will become duty-bound to revere not a leader or a patria but a set of democratic principles .
Whether criticism of Israeli policies is right or wrong , pundits and politicians who speak out on the issue should not be lumped together with those who say that Hitler should have finished the job .
Yet many Americans think that much of Europe 's critique of Israeli policies expresses a zeal that can not be explained simply by Europeans ' renunciation of their own colonial past and thus their sensitivity to an Israeli occupation that looks like annexation .
The Catholic Church has abandoned its anti-Jewish teachings , but this does not that mean that the culture engendered by Christianity can easily redefine its premises .
Israelis blame their critics for not shedding these irrational beliefs .
Impending aggression can not be documented in secret dossiers but only by events that can be filmed by CNN .
If we look back at irrational claims of individual self-defense -- McVeigh , Amir , and others -- we see that their fears were based on private evidence not shared by more than a small circle of friends and co-conspirators , at most .
If they are not , President George W. Bush risks engaging in unlawful aggression against a foreign country .
But it is not always easy to determine who `` they '' -- the terrorists -- are .
Whether organizations are terrorist or not is largely a determination motivated by politics .
The UN repeatedly passes resolutions against terrorism , but can not agree on how to define the term .
But this formula does not clearly cover even the terrorist attacks of September 2001 .
Sometimes it is , sometimes not .
In July 2002 , when an Egyptian opened fire and killed two people waiting in line at the El Al counter at Los Angeles International Airport , the FBI decided that the suspect was not a terrorist because he was acting alone .
These counter-examples should not be surprising .
But most of them are interrelated , and it is unlikely that the ICJ can resolve them when they are truncated into technical arguments about where a defensive wall can or can not go .
But , because it runs partly through the West Bank and protects not only people living in Israel , but also the settlers in the occupied territories , Israel stands accused of an illegal `` land grab . ''
The argument against the fence on the West Bank assumes that the settlers are there illegally and therefore are not entitled to the protection of a defensive barrier .
Most , if not all , of them will have to come down in the ultimate compromise that will emerge someday .
To be sure , Article 49 of the Fourth Geneva Convention provides that an occupying government `` shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies . ''
But as the parallel language of `` deport or transfer '' suggests , the more plausible reading is that the letter of Article 49 applies only to forcible transfers , not to settlements that are voluntary .
Further , even if the conduct of Israeli officials is judged to be illegal , and even if some settlers are willing tools of Israeli policy , civilian settlers can not lose their right of self-defense -- certainly not against terrorists who are violating international law by targeting innocent people both inside of Israel and in the occupied territories .
Whatever one thinks of the settlers , they , in their daily routine , are not engaged in a pattern of threatening to kill or assault anyone .
The fence is not only a physical reminder of the divide between the area 's peoples , but also a cause of suffering for innocent Palestinians who are cut off from their fields , their jobs , and their families .
Only negotiations , not legal bickering , can put an end to this iniquity .
Many have read and seen enough to feel acute shame about being part of a nation that could go to war with righteous ideas and end up replicating , if not aggravating , the abuses of the `` rogue state '' Americans called their enemy .
The source of that shame is not any particular act , but simply being part of a nation that could behave so arrogantly as to disregard international law and the United Nations by invading a country that was not threatening America , and then sending untrained military police to keep prisoners in line by any means they happen to devise .
It is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the Secretary 's declaration that he would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if he can no longer be `` effective . ''
Even if the UN Security Council could establish an ad hoc tribunal to try the abuses of American officials in Iraq , this would still address only the guilt of individuals , not the problem of each American 's own responsibility for having participated , directly and indirectly , in a culture that generated the torture of prisoners .
Another reason why guilt does not capture our situation is that the collective debt must be owed to some coherent collective entity , such as the Jewish people in the Holocaust .
The King of Jordan would not have been in a position to forgive even a truly contrite Bush , and therefore he was not the proper audience for the confession .
The longer-range consequence of this new modesty should be for Americans to become enthusiastic supporters not only of the UN but of the International Criminal Court .
American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations can not undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters .
The debate has been most intense in the United States , where the refrain that the Constitution is not a `` suicide pact '' and that national security can justify extraordinary measures is heard repeatedly .
Amid rising allegations of abuse , President George W. Bush 's government realized some time ago that it could not maintain its Guantánamo detention camp forever .
Yet it did not want to repeat the experience of the Zacharias Moussaoui trial , in which , after many propagandistic appeals from the dock , the alleged twentieth September 11 , 2001 , hijacker was finally convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment .
The Supreme Court , however , sidestepped the question of whether Hamdan was a prisoner of war , arguing instead that the conflict was governed by common Article III in all the Geneva Conventions , which regulates armed conflict `` not of an international character . ''
Everyone agrees that , under US law , the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war , so if conspiracy can not be charged , Hamdan and others like him can not be tried in any military courts , not just the ad hoc commissions .
This admittedly has not been an explicit process , but the pattern is undeniable .
As Justice Stevens wrote , `` The crime of ` conspiracy ' ... does not appear in either the Geneva Conventions or the Hague Conventions -- the major treaties on the law of war . ''
It does not want to prosecute the Guantánamo detainees in federal courts , but it is unlikely that it can prosecute them under the law of war as interpreted in the Hamdan decision .
The international community will not accept this form of massive preventive detention , with continuing allegations of abuse and torture .
True , freewheeling American-style capitalism has not acquitted itself proudly of late . And America 's military superiority has not proved all that useful in accomplishing American ends .
In the face of the familiar litany of desperate global problems -- not just financial instability , but also climate change , energy insecurity , potential pandemics , terrorism , and the spread of weapons of mass destruction -- the prospect of a rudderless world is more than alarming .
Given that the United States has not been playing much of a leadership role on many of these issues recently , it is worth taking a look at what happens when no one country exercises effective leadership .
Things can certainly get grim . But that is not the whole story .
Yet emissions are not just rising , but accelerating .
Often governments are part of these experiments -- but they are not necessarily the drivers , and progress does not depend on signing treaties .
Standard international-relations thinking does not even entertain the question , and those conventional ways of seeing the world have blinded us to looking at this crucial question .
As a result , we do not yet know the answer . Data remain scarce .
Countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give Iran orders ; it 's a case of `` do as I say , not as I do . ''
As Angela Merkel said at the United Nations in 2007 : `` The world does not need to prove to Iran that Iran is building an atomic bomb .
Iran must persuade the world that it does not want the Bomb . ''
From time to time , Mohammed El Baradei , Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- , has attempted to reintroduce reason and remind everyone that the focus must remain on capabilities , not intentions .
That said , Iran must still bring all of these programs together , and that can not happen undetected .
We can not know whether this course of action is realistic unless we try it .
Hedge Funds : The Sting is in the Tail PHILADELPHIA -- Imagine that you are shopping for a high-performance car , but that you are not allowed to look under the hood . What 's inside is a secret .
Furthermore , you can not find out how similar vehicles have performed , because there are none .
The same logic applies to hedge funds : investors are typically not allowed to know how they work , and no warranties are offered .
An option costs ten cents now and pays $ 1 if the event occurs by the end of the year , but nothing if it does not .
At the end of the year , the probability is 90 % that the event does not occur , so Oz owes nothing to option holders .
But investors do not know -- and can not tell -- that Oz has no talent .
They see what happened , not what could have happened .
Oz may not be a crook ; he may merely think that the probability of the S&P plummeting is much less than 10 % .
If the fund blows up , investors can not tell whether it was due to bad management or just bad luck .
But the last couple of years have proved that , in a crisis , they are not immune from political pressures to re-focus their portfolio allocations towards domestic investments .
This tendency at times of economic downturn suggests that SWFs are not the long-term , stable shareholders of foreign firms that they -LRB- and some commentators -RRB- claim themselves to be .
Second , not only have new foreign-equity investments declined during the financial crisis , but SWFs have also recently engaged in an unprecedented wave of divestments , especially of foreign holdings .
In times of crisis , SWFs not only invest a smaller proportion of their portfolios abroad and divest from some foreign holdings , but the total value of their investments tends to shrink as well .
SWFs like to portray themselves as independent institutions , yet it is clear that , once domestic economies falter , they can not ignore the combined pressures of the media , public , and politicians at home , all of whom question the wisdom of investing domestic wealth abroad in times of crisis .
Yet , this trend can not last forever , as many of the economies hosting SWFs simply do not offer sufficient attractive investment opportunities to absorb the bulk of SWF investments .
Moreover , domestic economies do not provide the diversification benefits that countries dependent on single-commodity revenue streams seek .
But this is not the first time that physicists and mathematicians have looked to biology for new fields to plow , and the history of such efforts has been fairly dismal .
But to many , if not most , biologists , experimental evidence , however fallible , still provided a surer path to truth .
When the biologists objected that not all cells are spherical , Rashevsky responded that the theory must first be applied to the simplest cases .
E. B. Wilson , the proverbial giant of cell biology , had the last word , concluding in a brief paper following Rashevsky 's presentation that mathematics may be helpful in studying the growth of populations , but not individuals .
By the early 1950 's , however , biologists still could not explain how an organism reproduces its characteristic form from one generation to another .
But experimental biologists ask a different question : not whether organisms could grow as an imaginary model suggests , but whether they do .
More broadly , the best explanations of how biological systems solve particular problems come from experimental genetics , not mathematics and logic .
Theoretical biology 's models will be formulated not in a few simple equations , but in a complex of algorithms , statistical analyses , and simulations .
Biology is not physics , and to ignore its evolutionary history is to invite irrelevance .
Once rare and unmistakable , the term is now used loosely to describe people who do not really satisfy the narrow criteria intended for it by DSM IV .
The Korean study paid no attention to the bias that haunts all epidemiological studies , which always overestimate pathology rates by including as disorder even very mild presentations that do not have clinical significance .
Reported rates should be regarded as an upper limit , not as a true reflection of the rate of actual mental disorder .
Environmental toxins do not usually just pop out of nowhere to make a condition 100 times more common than it was less than 20 years before .
Their symptoms will not have changed -- just the label .
In highlighting some very specific institutions that could be usefully adopted elsewhere , I do not mean to suggest that they can be effortlessly translated from one national context to another .
But a country does not have to be large to serve as a model for others .
A principle of multilateral talk-shops is that conversation is not possible with more than 10 delegations in the room .
I would favor articulation of the principle that the necessary concrete steps toward long-term fiscal consolidation in advanced countries -- such as raising the retirement age or taking other steps today to reform public pensions -- need not require premature withdrawal of current fiscal stimulus ;
But occasionally such meetings are important , in ways that are often not clear until later .
It was not obvious at the time that it had been a success in terms of substantive policies .
Observers even compared it to the infamous failed London Economic Summit of 1933 , which was a way of saying that the world had not learned the lessons of the Great Depression .
Even in the area of trade policy , despite fears of protectionism , the outcome was not bad by the standards of past recessions , let alone compared to America 's infamous Smoot-Hawley tariffs , enacted in 1930 .
Overall , the immediate response of policymakers to the global recession in 2009 did not repeat the mistakes of the early 1930 's .
The advantage of such bonds is that in the event of a decline in the world price of the underlying commodity , the debt-to-export ratio need not rise .
The idea is not new .
So , why has it not been tried before ?
The problem may be that there are not many investors who want to take a long position on oil and Nigerian credit risk simultaneously .
A West African country with newly discovered oil reserves needs to finance exploration , drilling , and pipeline construction , which means that it needs to hedge at a time horizon of 10-20 years , not 90 days .
Moreover , many economists believe that the euro 's post-launch dive against the dollar was simply not justified by macroeconomic fundamentals in America and Europe , which its revival in the spring and summer of 2002 seem to confirm .
Such behavior by the Fed is not new .
Throughout this period , the Bundesbank sold dollars to curb the dollar 's appreciation -LRB- Figure 1c -RRB- but the Fed did not intervene at all -LRB- Figure 1b -RRB- .
In these circumstances , it is not surprising that financial markets have returned to extreme volatility .
These realities represent a power shift of a kind that we have not experienced in our lifetimes .
China 's economic power over the US is now substantial , and will limit not only America 's influence in the financial markets , but also its capacity to use military power .
The counter-argument -- that any sell-off or failure by China to continue to buy US government securities would hurt China as much as America -- is not valid .
As a result , China will not need a strong dollar in the long term .
American objectives could not be achieved in Vietnam . The outcome in Iraq will not be determined until the last American troops have been withdrawn .
Current events , not just in Libya , but also in Tunisia , Egypt , Syria , Yemen , and Bahrain , mirror the political complexity of these countries .
We Europeans can not afford to turn our backs on our Arab friends along the far shores of `` mare nostrum . ''
This discovery was made recently because until now , the technology was not available to comprehensively assess genomic imbalances in a genome-wide fashion .
The data clearly demonstrate that individuals are not as genetically similar as once thought .
Since they are being identified in normal individuals , CNVs may not necessarily be a direct cause of human disease , but many may confer susceptibility to certain diseases , serve as disease markers , and\/or indicate potential regions of genomic instability .
Libya Calling VALLETTA , MALTA -- The recent signing in Tripoli of `` a comprehensive claims settlement '' between the United States and Libya marks a new beginning not only in US-Libya relations , but between Libya and the rest of the world .
Libya 's newfound engagement with the US and the EU represents not only a major shift in its international policies and diplomatic posture , but also a major internal reorientation , because the country now wants to develop an economy that is not exclusively based on oil .
Given that Islamic fundamentalism breeds in economic despair , Libya 's rulers seem to want to take particular care that this process does not create an underclass of victims who might fall prey to the call of religious fanatics .
Internally , Libya has launched a `` Go East '' policy , so that development does not become clustered only in its oil and gas regions and around the capital of Tripoli .
Unambiguous , impartial criteria for selecting a winner were not at hand -- and never will be .
The Nobel bylaws do not allow splitting a prize into more than three parts , thereby excluding discoveries that entailed work by more than three researchers , or omitting key persons who equally deserved to share in the honor .
Moreover , it has become clear that many important branches of science are not addressed by Alfred Nobel 's testament -LRB- limited to physics , chemistry , physiology\/medicine -RRB- .
Some of the past century 's greatest intellectual triumphs , such as those related to the expanding universe and continental drift , have not been celebrated .
As the former Financial Times editor Richard Lambert , together with Nick Butler , commented in a report published by London 's Centre for European Reform entitled The future of European universities : Renaissance or decay ? , EU governments are stuck in a vicious circle : `` The universities will get no more money unless they reform , and they can not reform without more money '' .
Our experience so far has taught us that university managers should not accommodate rising student populations by inflating their core business .
This observation puts the problem in a slightly different light : the question is not why patients hear voices , but why they mistake their own voice for that of someone else .
This is not as startling as it may at first appear .
Their physiological responses to self-generated sensations are not being reduced .
Patients who experience auditory hallucinations do not show this reduction in activity to the sound of their own voice .
But could Sarkozy be right in believing that currency markets do not automatically drive exchange rates to levels consistent with the fundamentals of international trade ?
But economists , including many central bank staff , usually do not see things this way .
Despite wide and persistent swings in actual currency markets , their so-called `` rational expectations models '' predict that exchange rates should not deviate from parity in any lasting way .
In contrast , `` behavioral economists '' acknowledge that currencies can depart from parity for a protracted period , but argue that this results not from traders ' attempts to interpret movements in macroeconomic fundamentals , but from market psychology and irrational trading .
For them , intervention is not so much unnecessary as it is impossible .
In attempting to cope with imperfect knowledge , they are not irrational when they pay attention to other macroeconomic fundamentals and thereby bid an exchange rate away from its parity level .
Of course , persistent swings from parity do not last forever .
This strategy does not imply that central banks should attempt to confine the exchange rate to a pre-specified target zone .
Our proposal to reduce - -- but not eliminate -- swings from parity recognizes that price fluctuations may be crucial for markets to ascertain the price of assets that promise an uncertain payoff .
In calling for measures to `` guard against systemic risk , '' the G-20 summit has begun the process of reconstruction by recognizing that the system in its entirety , not just individual institutions , must be regulated .
Containing systemic risks , therefore , requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system , but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values . If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this , they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals .
But , as we now know , they did not .
Indeed , because standard measures of the probability of default fall when the economy is doing well and rise when it is not , capital requirements based on these measures tend to be pro-cyclical .
But such revisions of Basel II are not enough , because bank portfolios -- especially those of international banks with large trading books -- are vulnerable to the risks stemming from long-swing fluctuations in asset markets .
As a result , not only are countercyclical measures needed , but banks ' capital requirements should vary inversely with the boom-and-bust fluctuations in the asset markets to which they are heavily exposed .
IKE acknowledges that , within a reasonable range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators can .
History teaches that such swings are not sustainable , and that the more excessive they become , the sharper and more costly are the eventual reversals -- and the graver the consequences for the financial system and the economy .
One possible measure is to announce `` guidance ranges '' for asset prices , with targeted variations of margin and capital requirements , not to eliminate , but to help damp down movements outside these ranges .
So the idea that what the world needs now is more fixed rules will not do .
Universality is possible in broader terms as well , because the primary force in human history and world politics is not cultural plurality , but the general progress of modernization , whose institutional expressions are liberal democracy and market-oriented economics .
The current conflict is not part of a clash of civilizations in the sense that we are dealing with cultural zones of equal standing ; rather , it is symptomatic of a rearguard action by those who are threatened by modernization , and thus by its moral component , respect for human rights .
Our politicians are right -LRB- and not merely expedient -RRB- to insist that the current conflict is not with Islam - an extremely heterogeneous faith that recognizes no authoritative source of doctrinal interpretation .
In many traditional societies , where life choices and opportunities are limited , the Western , individualistic view of rights is very jarring . This is because the Western conception can not be abstracted from the larger process of modernization .
For our commitment to the universality of human rights forms but one part of the complex context of a universal civilization , from which an understanding of the other elements of modern societies - economic justice and political democracy - can not be excluded .
Not everyone wanted to be modern , of course , and not everyone could put in place the institutions and policies necessary to make democracy and capitalism work , but no alternative system would yield better results .
But anyone who thinks that my ideas constitute the intellectual foundation for the Bush administration 's policies has not been paying attention to what I have been saying since 1992 about democracy and development .
Bush argued that the desire for freedom and democracy were universal and not culture-bound , and that America would be dedicated to the support of democratic movements `` with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world . ''
Moreover , the desire to live in a modern liberal democracy does not translate necessarily into an ability to actually do so .
This is something that can not be taken for granted in countries like Iraq .
Finally , I never linked the global emergence of democracy to American agency , and particularly not to the exercise of American military power .
America 's Self-Defeating Hegemony When I wrote about the `` end of history '' almost twenty years ago , one thing that I did not anticipate was the degree to which American behavior and misjudgments would make anti-Americanism one of the chief fault-lines of global politics .
But it can not be the core of a general non-proliferation policy , whereby the United States intervenes militarily everywhere to prevent the development of nuclear weapons .
It is worth pondering why a country with more military power than any other in human history , and that spends as much on its military as virtually the rest of the world combined , can not bring security to a small country of 24 million people after more than three years of occupation .
At least part of the problem is that it is dealing with complex social forces that are not organized into centralized hierarchies that can enforce rules , and thus be deterred , coerced , or otherwise manipulated through conventional power .
This linkage does exist in the case of Hezbollah , but the networked actors have their own social roots and are not simply pawns used by regional powers .
Finally , the Bush administration 's use of power has lacked not only a compelling strategy or doctrine , but also simple competence .
Such a system does not exist on a global scale today , which may explain how America got into such trouble .
The IRGC prisoners in Iraq were released , but Britain did not apologize or admit wrong-doing in return .
All of this does not mean that there are necessarily `` radicals '' and `` moderates '' within the clerical regime in Teheran .
One of the alleged reasons Khamenei did n't want Rafsanjani as president was because he was not keen enough on the nuclear program .
The Iranian regime is not , however , a totalitarian juggernaut ; there are important splits within the leadership and there is an important faction that does not want Iran to be isolated .
In fact , it signals the opposite -- that the wider society itself is a hotbed of knowledge production , over which universities do not enjoy any special privilege or advantage .
Universities , according to former Fortune editor Tom Stewart , are `` dumb organizations '' with too much `` human capital '' but not enough `` structural capital . ''
At the same time , it is unreasonable to expect the increasing number of academics on short-term contracts to defend the integrity of an institution that can not promise them job security .
Indeed , many academics -- not just professional knowledge managers -- have endorsed recent steps to disaggregate the `` unity of teaching and research '' that has defined the university since the early 19
But this need not mean that universities become thoroughly commercialized .
Universities are not , in fact , such dumb organizations .
But this means that a university 's value must not be measured only by the short-term benefits it provides for immediate clients .
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist : there is no such thing as society , she claimed .
In contrast , the social sciences adhere to the maxim that the best way to study humans is to interact with them , typically by getting them to do and say things that they might otherwise not .
In his words , the human condition is not about `` survival of the fittest '' but `` the fitting of as many as can survive . ''
Here , scientific integrity is understood not as a duty to stakeholders -- funders , companies , or , as with Hwang , politicians concerned about national prestige -- but as a collective responsibility that is upheld by identifying and correcting errors before they cause substantial harm .
Many so-called frauds are cases in which researchers claimed credit for work they have not really carried out , but that pointed in the right direction and was eventually completed by others .
The quality of articles is uneven , as might be expected of a self-organizing process , but it is not uniformly bad .
While Wikipedians do not need to pass around copies of their text -- everyone owns a virtual copy -- Wikipedia 's content policy remains deeply medieval in spirit .
Wikipedia embodies a democratic medievalism that does not respect claims to personal expertise in the absence of verifiable sources .
The expected norms of conduct of these students correspond exactly to Wikipedia 's content policy : one is not expected to do original research , but to know where the research material is and how to argue about it .
Compulsory student participation would not only improve Wikipedia 's already impressive collective knowledge base , but also might help curb the elitist pretensions of researchers in the global knowledge system .
But what about the humanities -- all those disciplines -LRB- literature , history , languages , and so forth -RRB- whose relevance to economic competitiveness is not so obvious ?
I do not mean that we are becoming `` less human '' in the sense of `` inhumane . ''
If anything , we live in a time when traditionally human-centered concerns like `` rights '' have been extended to animals , if not nature as a whole .
Back then , it was assumed that the benefits of academic training accrued not only , or even primarily , to those who experienced it but also , and more importantly , to the rest of the population , whose lives were variously enriched by the application of the arts and sciences .
But should universities now reduce their demands in order to meet the needs of the larger society , not least in terms of their carbon footprint ?
Moreover , this is not an affront to economics .
Once teaching reduces , if not eliminates , the original competitive advantage associated with a piece of research , academics and their funders are forced to seek new sources of advantage by producing new knowledge .
In the process , the larger public -- those not involved in the original production of new knowledge -- benefit through classroom instruction .
While the word does not retain its original virtuous connotations , we still warm to the virtuosity of `` doing more with less . ''
Universities perform their natural economic function when academics speak and write plainly , demystify jargon , present their ideas in alternative media and stress applications to domains that do not concern the academics themselves .
From the territorial disputes with Vietnam and the Philippines in the South China Sea to tensions with Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- and Thailand , relationships that were sound , if not always friendly , have now soured .
So the emphasis on restoring Chinese commercial interests is accepted reluctantly if not completely understood .
Obviously , Myanmar 's new government does not want to aggravate sentiment in its already-unstable border areas , where rebel groups were using the dam project to rally new supporters .
But China can best avoid similar tragedies not by flexing its muscles , but by building greater multilateral cooperation to combat transnational crime along the Mekong .
Indeed , China 's neighbors will not be reliably good to Chinese interests unless and until China begins to provide essential public goods -- not just commerce , but also full-fledged regional governance based on the rule of law , respect for human rights , and regional economic growth .
Unfortunately , Russia 's rulers are not accustomed to leaving the country and the rest of the world for long without something surprising to gawk at .
It takes time to reach a decision on whether or not to invest in a project , and once an investment decision is made , it becomes rather difficult to stop the process quickly .
More and more tax claims are being produced , and not only against Yukos .
Similarly , British Petroleum , which has invested more in Russia than any other company to date , has recently discovered that its rights to the Kovytkino gas field are not guaranteed at all .
Post-socialist growth is a process that can not -LRB- and should not -RRB- be easily stopped .
The government does not say that it is against democracy , only that it is untimely and needs to be delayed -- a logic that manifests itself in most official decisions .
Moreover , it generated mass social protests , which the government evidently had not envisaged .
Democracy was not invented by fools .
I firmly believe that we should not allow ourselves to participate in these games , nor that we should believe that Russia 's fascist organizations do n't have anything to do with the government .
In reality , this is not always the case .
The most important question of the day is not the government 's perspective , that is , its desire to instill fear and eliminate checks and balances on its power .
There are many such people , tens of millions , but they are not always politically engaged and united .
We should not lose heart , but we do need to be politically active and united .
We could not ignore our people 's suffering .
And it is not only the monks who are united .
We thought that we could appeal to some , if not all , of the generals -- Buddhists themselves -- who control our country to join us in trying to right the many ills befalling Burma .
We have not lost our loving kindness towards ordinary soldiers , nor even towards the leaders who ordered them to brutalize their own people , but we wanted to urge them to change while there was still time .
The generals who ordered the crackdown are assaulting not only Burma 's people , but also their own hearts , souls , and spiritual beliefs .
Monetary growth may increase inflationary pressures and the risk of an asset bubble down the road , but it helped ensure that China 's economy did not fall into a vicious downturn when the financial crisis hit .
It does not explain why other countries that took even stronger measures failed to generate a similarly rapid recovery , or why China 's government seems to have more room than others for policy maneuver .
China 's economy had been booming since 2004 , but officials did not step aside and `` let the market decide . ''
Of course , China 's economy has structural and institutional problems -- what developing country does not ?
In fact , when a country 's economic growth is continuously above 9 % , policymakers probably can not be too cautious .
-LRB- A fourth war , in 1971 , did not involve fighting in Kashmir . -RRB-
Prime Minister Vajpayee , though he enjoys the legitimacy conferred by election , is not entirely unshackled .
But they should not refuse to acknowledge that China 's mission to turn a nation of 1.3 billion poor people into a developed country through peace and free trade is one of the great , honorable , and most difficult sagas in human history .
Unfortunately , this is not required by current legislation in Europe , where only quality , efficacy , and safety must be demonstrated , without any need for comparative studies .
New drugs are often tested against placebos or drugs that are not the best treatment available , the point being to demonstrate that the new drug is not inferior to any already on the market .
Patients ' informed consent usually does not provide a clear description of a non-inferiority trial , and the lack of added value indicates that in many cases the development of a new drug is driven by commercial aims rather than patients ' needs .
It is unacceptable that patients participating voluntarily in clinical trials , and their representatives , have no right to see data that would not exist without them .
This so-called `` off-label '' use is sustained by continuous propaganda aimed not only at doctors , but also directly at the public .
The increased demand for krill , together with the new catching and processing capabilities , has combined in a way that the Antarctic ecosystem might not be able to withstand .
Antarctic krill must not be fished to feed the fish farms of the world while starving the penguins , seals , whales , and other species whose survival depends on these tiny , but vitally important , creatures .
Under the banner of `` integrated pest management , '' hundreds of invasive species are now successfully controlled by strategies that restrict the population growth of pests but do not attempt to eradicate them
Indeed , the parallels between cancerous cells and invasive species suggest that the principles for successful cancer therapy might be found not in the magic bullets of microbiology but in the evolutionary dynamics of applied ecology .
The reason arises from a component of tumor biology not ordinarily investigated : the cost of resistance to treatment .
This suggests that resistant cells are not so unfit that drug-sensitive cells completely out-competed them , but that they struggle to proliferate when both types are present .
Yet when we treated the mice with a drug dose continuously adjusted to maintain a stable tumor volume , the animals , though not cured , survived for a prolonged period of time .
Of course , cancer researchers should not abandon their search for ever-more-effective cancer therapies , even for cures .
LONDON -- Politics trumped sensible economics in the United States this summer , when Congress and President Barack Obama could not agree on taxes , entitlements , deficits , or an investment stimulus .
But this is not a time for defeatism .
The way forward to sustained growth and employment is not through a flurry of one-off national initiatives , but rather through global policy coordination .
But , for now , America and Europe can not expand their consumer spending without increasing exports , while China and the emerging markets can not easily expand their production or consumption without the guarantee of strong Western markets .
So , not only is bank recapitalization essential for financial stability , but so is a reformed euro , built on fiscal and monetary coordination and an enhanced role for the European Central Bank in supporting individual governments -LRB- not individual banks -RRB- as lender of last resort .
The G-20 will not achieve growth and stability without a renewed focus on long-term debt reduction .
So we should draw on Robert Skidelsky 's national investment bank proposals to equip our infrastructure -- not least our environment -- for future challenges and to stimulate growth and job creation .
But Serbia 's point of view is not without merit , and many other countries with territorially concentrated ethnic minorities have reason to be anxious about the precedent that might be set if Kosovo 's declaration of independence is recognized .
But Russia , China , and India are big states and will not tolerate any detachment of their territories . So there is no serious international effort to force them to do so .
Setting such a precedent in Kosovo must be avoided to ensure stability not only in the Balkans , but in all countries with dissatisfied ethnic minority populations .
Preserving national integrity is a universal principle of peace from which Serbia should not be excluded .
It expanded to include Russia in 1998 for political , not economic , reasons .
Its economy has boomed thanks to oil and gas exports , not to healthy market developments .
Perhaps not .
It heads the list on the spread of preventable diseases -- not only HIV , but tuberculosis , with 32,000 deaths last year alone -- and its education standards are in severe decline .
On terrorism , Russia was the first country to host an official Hamas delegation after the Palestinian elections , and it continues to crush Chechen terror and resistance with methods that would bring it to an international court , were it not a Security Council member .
Putin 's Russia is not a place for democratic leaders to hold a summit , especially after the paltry results of the last one .
While Putin 's policies could have been much worse -- it is legitimate to give him credit where it is due -- Russia should not be allowed to take the West for granted .
Nothing would be gained by breaking with Russia and engaging in confrontation with it , but there is no reason not to respond to Realpolitik with Realpolitik .
Venezuela 's oil reserves are vast , but they should not be squandered on foreign adventures disguised as economic integration .
Experience elsewhere demonstrates that government-imposed `` revolutionary co-management '' of enterprises will not solve Venezuela 's economic problems .
But that is not happening this time .
As long as this is true , integration can not succeed .
So the EU should not be afraid to affirm both medieval Christianity 's community of faith and the modern era 's community of reason .
To be sure , Europe has paid a heavy and painful price for its religious rifts , and these feuds must not be rekindled .
But the Constitution must not only introduce more clarity , transparency , and efficiency into the workings of European institutions ; it must also bring the EU closer to its citizens .
But most importantly , European integration must not only define institutions and policies , but it must also galvanise ideas .
They are also a failure of human beings : democratic values do not function without citizens ; there can be no democracy without democrats .
Third , democracy should not be reduced to mere respect for majority decisions .
But no amount of finger pointing can obscure the fact that , 50 years after the European Community 's creation , Europe badly needs a new political framework , if not a new project , to shore up its unity .
To be sure , French and Dutch citizens did not respond to the question that they were supposed to answer .
At issue is not only the allocation of competencies , but also the more fundamental matter of when to rely on national governments ' agreement and when to turn to common EU institutions , namely the European Commission and the European Parliament .
Its results would allow the treaty to be presented in a simplified version for ratification by the nine member states that have still not done so .
The time may not be ripe for a true European constitution , but confronting , rather than evading , the fundamental issues that the EU faces could create a context for reviving the constitutional treaty and preparing the Union for the challenges of our time .
To be sure , French and Dutch citizens did not respond to the question that they were supposed to answer .
The issue , therefore , is not what Tony Blair , in his inaugural speech to the European Parliament , called a crisis of leadership .
It also requires specifying a common date for ratification -LRB- through simultaneous referenda or parliamentary votes -RRB- for all countries that have not yet done so , including France and the Netherlands .
In other words , the current `` pause for reflection '' is not the time to change the draft 's text -LRB- although the intergovernmental conference could move the third part , which harmonizes the earlier treaties , to an annex -RRB- .
At issue is not only the allocation of competencies , but also the more fundamental matter of when to rely on intergovernmental institutions and when to turn to the European people as a whole .
The time may not have come for a true European constitution , but confronting , rather than evading , the fundamental issues that the EU faces could create the proper context for reviving the constitutional treaty and preparing the Union for the challenges of our time .
Political repression and the silence of Arab public opinion should worry America and its Arab allies , not reassure them , because it means that there is no way for the public to channel its interests , demands , and frustrations peacefully .
American officials do not seem to recognize how difficult , costly , and prolonged the task of creating a peaceful order and a viable democracy in Iraq will be .
The building blocks and institutions necessary for a functioning polity , let alone a democracy , do not exist .
Of course , reforming and democratizing the Iraqi political system is not impossible . On the contrary , the Iraqis have suffered more than most and have learned the hard way the perils of authoritarianism and oppression .
But democracy can not be delivered to Iraq by an outside power .
It will likely take one or two decades , not just a year or two , the proposed time frame of American military presence in Iraq after the expected ouster of Hussein .
Unless America is willing to police the new order for many years and invest vast political and economic resources in assisting , not imposing , the reconstruction of state and society , Iraq will fracture and descend into chaos .
Marco Enríquez-Ominami , with about 20 % support in recent polls , is remarkably close to Frei -LRB- around 26 % -RRB- , and not terribly far from Piñera -LRB- roughly 38 % -RRB- .
But a third scenario -- less predictable change following a victory by Enríquez-Ominami -- should not be ruled out , as campaign advertisements will appear in the media only starting November 13 .
But many are not happy : the far left -- not very strong these days but with an important political tradition -- wants more and faster progress on prosecutions , while the recalcitrant right insists on treating Pinochet -LRB- who died in 2006 -RRB- as a national hero .
Piñera 's victory was aided by the sclerosis of the Concertación , which ran as its candidate the Christian Democrat Eduardo Frei , the least popular of its four presidents of the last two decades . -LRB- The current and popular Socialist president , Michelle Bachelet , could not legally run for reelection . -RRB-
Moreover , at a substantive level there is not really that much difference between the two alliances -LRB- and even less between the centrist Piñera and Frei -RRB- .
Piñera needs more votes in Congress , and the experience of other multi-party presidential democracies such as Argentina and Brazil shows that it is not difficult for incumbents to attract coalition partners in exchange for government posts .
Given the Middle East 's deep malaise , today 's Arab status quo can not long endure .
But relative stability has not improved matters , delivering only failed governments , negative growth , the rise of radical Islam , and ever more repression .
As one young Arab told me when describing his homeland : `` The country never invests in the young , we have no place , we are not wanted .
For the Middle East 's monarchical regimes , and secular ones like Assad 's , reform does not necessarily mean self-destruction .
Iran , however , does not have this luxury .
Reform can not succeed in the midst of a conflict that bolsters extremists and hatred .
To be sure , the causal connection remains uncertain : after all , there is also a positive relationship -- widely accepted in development economics -- between manufacturing growth and overall growth . But what has been overlooked is that the effect of services growth on aggregate economic growth appears to be as strong , if not stronger , than the effect of manufacturing growth on overall growth .
Moreover , the trend over time to a higher service-sector share in the economy suggests that higher real growth in services has not been offset by price declines .
There is no outbreak of the so-called `` Dutch disease '' -- that is , the price of services do not fall with an increase in the supply .
This indicates that services are not simply responding to domestic demand -LRB- which would be higher in China -RRB- , but also to export opportunities .
In India , the service sector has not only led overall economic growth , but is also characterized by higher labor productivity than in the industrial sector .
The promise of the service revolution is that countries do not have to wait to get on the path to rapid development .
Although economic growth has reduced South Asia 's poverty rate , it has not fallen fast enough to reduce the total number of poor people .
Besides the slow pace of poverty reduction , human development has not kept up with the pace of income growth , either .
But simply directing financial resources to lagging regions will not be enough to solve their problems .
For example , the gains from labor mobility have not been equally shared between educated and uneducated migrants .
Regional development policies to promote so-called `` equitable growth '' are not a solution , for two reasons .
In other words , while South Asia 's economies have not underperformed on poverty reduction , merely matching global trends may not be enough for the region with the world 's largest concentration of poor people .
The paradox of South Asia is that growth has been instrumental in reducing poverty and improving social outcomes , but poverty rates and social outcomes have not improved fast enough to reduce the total number of people living in misery .
Deeper social disparities should never be viewed as the inevitable price of rapid growth , and more egalitarian outcomes in education , health , and gender should not be considered `` second-stage '' reforms .
A development strategy that promotes growth first , and only then deals with human misery , is not sustainable .
Policies designed to make redistribution more efficient need not hamper growth itself .
On the contrary , children are often beaten by family members if they do not provide the daily wage expected of them , or by their bosses when they are inattentive or make a mistake .
They must perform household chores and are subject to beating if they do not carry out orders issued by male family members .
Essential changes to the tax code , labor law , and pension system have simply not been made .
While the result in terms of net public debt is neutral , reducing net foreign debt in the public sector -- which already is less than Brazil 's international reserves -- and increasing domestic debt is not good business in terms of the cost of the official debt .
The euro also hit hard at those politicians who had discovered that inflation is an attractive form of taxation since it does not require a vote in Parliament .
He specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery .
Moreover , surviving the surgery does not mean returning to one 's usual state of health in a matter of a few weeks .
If we are to have the resources for public goods other than health care -- say , education , national parks , and highways , not to mention medical care for children and the poor -- we must put the brakes on technology .
In rich countries , this does not mean rationing care based on age alone .
This is not an evil which I can decide once and for all to repudiate and never to embrace again , as I was able to do with fornication . ''
This is not to say that there are no health problems associated with fat , but we have created a moral panic about the impact of increased weight on society , on the family , and on our happiness .
We must understand this as a process of creating ideal or normal bodies -- those bodies that we desire to inhabit , but almost certainly will not .
Flexibility allows NGOs to be innovative in ways that organizations like the UN often can not .
But this is not an option for NGOs that focus only on emergency responses .
Even for NGOs that stick around , determining their relief efforts ' impact in the middle of a crisis is difficult , if not impossible .
Russia can not withstand another four years of plunder and destruction .
The current regime will not implement such a program and will continue to serve the oligarchic clans that have grown fat by plundering state property .
By abandoning this responsibility , today 's state has become not only ineffective but dangerous .
Roughly half of Russia 's population , primarily children , is not getting enough to eat .
Many people can not buy the most basic medicines and have no access to modern medical services .
Those who work well and benefit society will get high incomes , not those who take what belongs to other people .
Russia is being threatened with losing its status as a power . Russia will not be reborn without the rebirth of a powerful , modern army .
Afflicted by corruption , the law-enforcement authorities are not in a position to prevent the threat of terrorism or to crush organized crime .
Approximately 200 million people , around 3 % of the world 's population , now live in countries in which they were not born .
This is not true of the perpetrators of the Cambodian genocide of the 1970 's .
As a result , many Cambodians born since 1979 do not understand the scope and gravity of the atrocities .
Meanwhile , the anguish and sorrow of survivors - almost all of whom lost loved ones - have not found redress .
In order to ensure a credible process , Cambodia and the UN must select judges of the highest caliber , not those that toe a party line .
With sufficient resources , and a determination not to compromise on quality , the Extraordinary Chambers can provide a measure of justice for the victims and an example of law 's power to serve the public good .
Though serious , the charges against him -- recruiting child soldiers -- do not pretend to encompass the range of abuses committed .
But the facts on the ground do not bear this out .
On the other hand , the Court can not charge -- or refrain from charging -- a senior political or military official responsible for grave crimes solely to avert negative political repercussions .
The long history of Africa 's exploitation demands that this concern not be dismissed out of hand .
Still , the Court should not hesitate to act outside Africa when mass atrocities demand redress .
They were mightily disappointed when Putin stated that he did not want any `` hysteria '' over these issues .
But without the support of these two ministries , Putin can not institutionalize his new foreign policy course .
Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov does not even bother to hide his skepticism about the necessity of such a reorientation . `` In my view , '' he proclaims , `` it is still premature to speak of the specific content of changes to Russia 's defense priorities and to the functions and tasks of its armed forces in connection with the threat of international terrorism . ''
As leading Russian military expert Alexander Golts argues , the problem in Russia is not a lack of central power , but of power exercised incompetently and without individual initiative .
Russia 's traditional army can not fight terrorists effectively because it disdains the ability of soldiers to work in small groups , and does not encourage individual initiative on the part of officers .
The Defense Ministry simply names sergeants from senior conscripts , which means that sergeants are not very different from their subordinates in either age or training .
For all this , the Kremlin is not in the least embarrassed by the fact that the CSTO is essentially a mechanical connection of bilateral military agreements between Belarus , Armenia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Uzbekistan , and Russia .
Thus , when Russia banned imports of Belarusian dairy products -LRB- in an attempt to punish Lukashenko for accepting a $ 2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia -RRB- , Lukashenko refused to attend a CSTO summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force .
Yet no concrete action is taken . Lukashenko , simply , does not intend to allow even a small part of his army to become subordinated to Moscow .
But , in a way , the Russian soldiers there are already hostages -- not least to the Kremlin 's bankrupt foreign policy .
Israelis can not dominate another people and live in a democratic state in keeping with Zionist ideals unless they `` free '' themselves of the territories and aim at the coexistence of two states with recognized borders and good neighborly relations .
This will be easier for those settlers who moved to the territories for pragmatic reasons -LRB- subsidized housing , the quality of suburban life , tax incentives -RRB- , because they are basically commuters , with a lifestyle that is not much different than if they were living in Israel .
Indeed , although Michelle Bachelet , like Allende , is a socialist and a physician , today 's Chile is not the country of 1970 .
This is not only because Pinochet 's 17 years in power , from 1973 to 1990 , dramatically shattered the country 's democracy , with thousands of people executed , missing , or tortured -- among them Bachelet 's own father , an air force general who died under torture because he opposed the coup .
This renews concerns that the country may not be able to avert a replay of the painful boom -- and-bust cycle such as the one it endured in the mid-1990 's .
An independent monetary policy requires a flexible exchange rate , not a revaluation .
The framework we suggest has the important benefit of continuity . The PBC would not have to change its operational approach to monetary policy .
But an emerging group of scientists points to phenomena that current theories do not address well .
Sometimes the transplant works well enough , but it does not address the central problem : What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level , and how is it conveyed ?
If the FIS group is lucky , there will also be some radical input from thinkers that do not presently have access to first world infrastructure .
The cleverest , most literally earth-shattering notions of physics for two generations came not from the expected powerhouses of the day , but from Budapest .
Stagnation in computer design is not surprising , considering that familiarity is so comfortable .
`` Katachi '' literally means `` form '' in Japanese , but the concept has complex connotations that do not exist in other languages .
Governments in countries colonized by China were forced to adopt this pictographic writing system in order to receive political regulations , but the pronunciation of the characters was not controlled .
Indeed , the catastrophes in Japan might finally achieve what decades of conflict in the Middle East have not : compel governments to invest in the research required to develop viable energy alternatives .
But the current options that many governments wish to embrace will not do the job .
Production of the materials used to capture and store solar electricity , for example , can cause just as much environmental damage as conventional fuels , and existing wind and solar technology can not easily meet the needs of large populations .
Some of this we understand , but most of the material in the universe , and the forces associated with it , are not well explained .
If not burned in a controlled way , the release of raw clathrates into the atmosphere would represent a global climate threat , and past massive releases have been catastrophic .
Solutions such as these are not explored , however , because they are not within obviously immediate reach , as the atomic bomb and the lunar landing were .
But importing assistance may not only be less effective ; it might actually cause more damage in the long run .
Societal mechanisms simply can not be adjusted without a crisp , practiced understanding of a culture .
And this can not be merely intuitive . It must be scientific , that is , based on the best methods and models .
Even though many of them might not have studied the local culture , they can nonetheless provide guidance that has been informed by the world 's most expensive infrastructure .
But there are many other potential pandemics , and many are not even viruses .
Unfortunately our present methods of detection are not sensitive enough .
This is not as difficult as it sounds .
If a lot of people are leaving their seats during a sporting event , you might consider it an indication that the event is not exciting .
Anyone privy to details of such activities can not comment on them , but one story circulating in the research community involved attempts to introduce condoms into African porn as part of an anti-AIDS effort .
We should not be surprised if someone eventually tries to tweak the content of pornography to exploit Americans ' cultural proclivities on behalf of other products , causes , or even political candidates .
When Chernobyl exploded , it was not Ukraine alone that inherited generations of radioactive effects .
This situation would be disastrous if it could not be closely managed , because people would broadcast on top of one another .
Perhaps not .
If dying bees do not inspire formal guidelines about how the sky should be shared , let us hope that empty space will .
Conflicts may be inevitable ; wars are not .
Where they do not exist , they should be created in partnership with all the countries concerned .
Given the unprecedented scale of the threat , business as usual is not an option .
Waiting is not part of the solution .
The road to the end of the Cold War was certainly not easy , or universally welcomed at the time , but it is for just this reason that its lessons remain relevant .
Do not fail them .
Playing Russian Roulette with Climate Change GENEVA -- Mounting skepticism and deadlocked negotiations have culminated in an announcement that the Copenhagen Climate Conference will not result in a comprehensive global climate deal .
The phrase `` the day after '' is most commonly associated with the word `` hangover . '' The absence of a binding agreement could mean a global hangover , and not just for a day .
Decision-makers have not faced up to just how close the world may be to the climate `` tipping point . ''
In 1985 during the height of the Cold War , when negotiations were bogged down at the US -- Soviet Union Geneva Summit , the negotiators were instructed by their leaders annoyed by lack of progress , `` we do not want your explanations why this ca n't be done .
Leaders must be honest about the scale of the challenge and recognize that a systemic and transformational change , not incremental gestures , is required .
A new global agreement must be science-based , not a lowest-common-denominator compromise watered down by vested interests .
Sensible risk management today dictates that atmospheric carbon should be stabilized at 350 parts per million of CO2 equivalent , not the current pathway of 450-500ppm CO2e .
This requires emission reductions of 45-50 % in industrialized countries by 2020 , and almost complete de-carbonization by 2050 , not the levels of 15-25 % by 2020 and 60-80 % by 2050 that are now on the table .
Their inaction over the last 20 years does not give them the right to point fingers .
Governments should not withhold the truth from their citizens .
That is not the type of legacy that any of us would want to leave our children .
MOSCOW -- When Russian President Dmitri Medvedev delivered his annual address to the Federal Assembly I was struck by the fact that his speech seemed to be meant for an advanced , prosperous country , not the real Russia of today .
But progress on stabilization only highlighted Russia 's unresolved problems , which the global financial crisis exacerbated , but did not cause .
We Russians rode along on oil and gas , forgetting that these resources will not last forever .
But , even with favorable world market conditions , we did not manage to solve the problem of poverty , in which millions of Russians still live .
People are asking : How is it that , after World War II , the state had enough money to provide free education , whereas today 's Russian state does not ?
Indeed , today 's elite can not or will not solve the problem .
Patching up holes in the budget and individual initiatives are not enough to ensure economic renewal .
For all our differences , Reagan and I shared the strong conviction that civilized countries should not make such barbaric weapons the linchpin of their security .
Why has the Great Recession and the disastrous meltdown at Fukushima Daiichi in Japan not elicited a similar response today ?
The example of Reykjavik should remind us that palliative measures are not enough .
A country with such influence over a military superpower can not be considered weak .
In fact , the issue is not Russia 's strength per se , but whether Russia intelligently concentrates and applies it .
Does this not demonstrate Russia 's global know-how ?
Is it not a contribution to international security ?
Russia has not been the only beneficiary of its activities in the Caucasus , especially since 2000 .
So Russia 's claim to being a central element in Eurasian security , on par with the US and the European Union , is not the blustering of a spent Leviathan .
These are all global , not local , issues .
We are supposed to help stabilize the region around Afghanistan , for example , but only in order to create a `` greater Central Asia '' that will not include Russia .
A state that is involved in three global regions -LRB- Europe , Central Asia , and the Far East , not to mention the Arctic -RRB- and borders several others can not be considered `` regional . ''
They are not imported and can not be fixed merely by changing the dollar 's value .
Sadly , America is not alone in viewing devaluation as a panacea for domestic problems .
But this wo n't provide the quick fix that the Bush administration yearns for , because a declining dollar need not bring about an equivalent rise in the price of US imports .
To fix its domestic problems , America must tighten its budget , not drive down the dollar 's value .
The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country -- not even mighty America -- can devalue its way out of trouble .
Unlike many emerging-market and transition economies in the 1990 's , Russia did not abandon a fixed-exchange rate anchor in favor of an inflation-targeting regime as its guide to monetary-policy .
To be sure , the muted impact of inflation on interest rates is not surprising in transition economies , where the mechanisms of monetary-policy transmission and financial intermediation took long periods to put in place and still need reform and regulation .
At the beginning of June , the RCB 's governor , Sergei Ignatyev , admitted not only that this year 's inflation target would be missed , but also that the RCB is not prepared to pursue inflation targets at the expense of a competitive exchange rate .
But in Russia , there is no trade-off between the two , at least not using the exchange rate .
As a starting point , the RCB should be charged with projecting inflation , formulate policies to stabilize prices , and either implement those polices or explain why it can not and who could do so .
But her triumph is only part of an intense political debate of the sort France has not seen for decades .
Their thinking is at the forefront of a widening recognition that France must face the world 's challenges as they really are , not as the French want them to be .
France could handle globalization , if not for the French state .
With employers unwilling to hire workers that they can not easily fire , French young people are right to feel uncertain about their future .
This scapegoating of globalization reflects another key problem . Successive governments , not companies , are responsible for the most damaging outsourcing in France -- that of responsibility .
Whatever the election 's outcome , the return of political will and legitimacy to France will come not a moment too soon .
Oil exporters may be relatively unaffected and may even benefit . This will depend on whether or not the slowdown results in open conflict that brings increased turmoil to Middle Eastern oil producers .
In any case , the blow to confidence from so horrific and unprecedented a terrorist act will undoubtedly have a sharp short-term impact on real demand as well as unsettle financial markets : but it can not in itself lead to long term recession or chronic destabilization of financial markets .
But OPEC signalled immediately after the attack that it would not take advantage of the situation , and would increase production to stabilize the market .
The General did not need convincing .
One of Monnet 's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours ; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary .
But `` Private France '' - despite its dynamism - can not continue to compete and innovate while carrying the dead weight of `` Public France '' on its shoulders .
The private sector 's burden is not limited to state enterprises , but stems more generally from the vast share of national income -LRB- 51 % -RRB- that the state taxes and spends , with a large part of taxation falling on employment .
The situation is not bad enough to incite demands for serious reform .
The UN and NATO are widely perceived as damaged , if not broken , by their failure to agree on what to do about Iraq .
Of course , the problem goes deeper and not everything that touches globalization has turned dark .
Moreover , others -LRB- Arab countries , Germany , and Japan -RRB- will not cover America 's military costs , as in the 1991 Gulf War .
Although China 's official growth rate reached 8 % in 2002 , its high budget deficit and large stock of non-performing loans -LRB- about 40 % of GDP -RRB- mean that it can not afford any slowdown if it is to keep people employed , especially in rural areas .
But these spasms will not revive the corpse .
One possibility is that Putin is not sincere about his aim of doubling Russia 's GDP in a decade .
But any reversal of those privatizations -- such as the effective expropriation of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his Menatep partners in Yukos -- signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses `` expropriating the expropriators , '' as Lenin used to say .
Much evidence points to the affair originating not in a systematic nationalization project , but rather in the Kremlin 's perception that Khodorkovsky aimed to use his wealth to privatize the Russian state itself .
In contrast to Yukos , the claim does not exceed the company 's cash on hand and so poses no threat to its existence .
So the interpretation that best fits the facts so far is that the political aim of separating Khodorkovsky and Menatep from Yukos led in practice to nationalization , but that this was not the underlying goal .
Putin has sought an economic transformation of Russia similar in kind , if not in degree , to China 's boom .
Despite uncertainty about Putin 's intentions , that prize is not out of reach .
This is not surprising , given the country 's history and culture .
If , in the meantime , the political system has not acquired more institutional cushioning , and the presidency 's unique legitimacy remains -- like today -- based merely on the public 's approval of an incumbent surrounded by shady and bickering Kremlin factions , there would be a high risk of chronic destabilisation .
Like all historical analogies , this one may prove flawed , but it is not absurd .
Japan 's de facto one-party state is more democratic than authoritarian , owing not only to its law-based framework , but also to its culture of accountability .
The habit of changing the rules to keep power would persist after the strongman eventually leaves the scene , but the superficial stability of his rule would not .
I was born on Swiss soil , but that did not give me the right to a Swiss passport .
I suppose that I belong to an expat generation that has not been educated to consider voting an essential right , if not a duty , and I regret that .
If people are to feel committed to the place where they live , they must be allowed to influence decision-making , and that influence should not depend on nationality .
In 1992 , the State Council , seeking to stop mass privatization , ruled that two-thirds of the equity capital of restructured state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- had to be issued to state organs and could not be traded .
Because share prices , therefore , can not possibly affect the macro-economy , Mr. Shang should be able to improve the quality of regulation without worrying about the effect on growth . # 2 .
Firms do not compete freely for stock market capital ; former SOEs , indeed , receive preferential treatment .
China is not yet a nation of shareholders - another reason why Mr. Shang need not worry too much about pursuing unpopular policies . # 6 .
China 's stock market can not be a vehicle for privatization . According to Changjiang Securities , 320 listed companies experienced a change in their controlling shareholder in 1996-2001 .
There is only one problem : Chinese people do not seem to want to consume , at least according to commonly cited data .
But as Louis Kuijs of the World Bank has pointed out , what sets China apart from many other developing countries is not that households save uniquely high levels of their income , but that enterprises do .
This means that getting Chinese households to spend more is not a hopeless mission .
A key problem with the credit card rollout is that the payment system is not yet in place .
Educational loans should be booming in urban and rural China , but banks do not know to whom to lend , so they are not .
Third , consumers are generally not adept at dealing with interest-rate risk .
Defining the role that genes play in behavior , however , is not so easy .
Many of the results of human studies are highly preliminary and do not actually identify a gene . In fact , they can not , for genetic experimentation on humans is impossible .
Fruit flies are not geniuses , but `` cramming '' works no better for them than it does for us .
Any creature that reproduces sexually is made up of a unique combination of its species ' gene set , which it inherits from its parents . All humans , for example , have the same set of genes -- the same genetic context -- but not exactly the same versions of each gene .
Genes enable life , but they clearly do not determine it .
So the real issue is not whether we humans are servants of our genes , but rather our infatuation with the idea that our behavior could so easily be explained and predicted .
Perhaps we should not be so eager to be relieved of the burden of reflection , evaluation , and choice -- in short , of grappling with what lies at the true heart of our humanity .
Under Mao , when the Chinese Communist Party sought accommodation , diplomatic recognition , and overseas development aid from Japan , Chinese were not allowed to confront their past victimization at the hands of Western and Japanese imperialism .
To most Chinese , the Japanese are paradigmatic `` devils , '' not only because of the brutality of Japanese imperialism and the sheer number of Chinese killed by Japanese troops .
The emergence of a deep-rooted and popular anti-Japanese enmity in China does not bode well .
Pessimists now fret that Asia is not big enough for both China and Japan : you `` ca n't have two tigers in one forest . ''
But if we are not , we could witness the emergence of a new and dangerous political fault line in East Asia .
Poverty and misery must also be reduced if despair is not to incite new sources of fanatical violence .
To achieve these goals , donor countries need only extend their existing commitments into the future ; new funds are not needed .
All too often , success has been judged by dollars spent , not poverty reduction .
But the fact that some aid has been squandered or stolen is not an argument against all aid .
Brown 's proposals are different because the effectiveness of aid will be judged by measurable outputs , not monetary inputs .
The logic of these proposals is that funding for countries that do not implement sound policies will stop .
America looks at not only economic stability and investment in human health and education , but regard for civil liberties , government effectiveness , the rule of law , and anti-corruption norms .
The IFF will not simply transfer funds to the World Bank and let it decide how they are dispersed .
Because countries , not development banks , are in the driver 's seat , taxpayers will control how funds are spent .
Unlike present aid , the bulk of this funding will be through grants , not loans .
Too often in the past , development banks developed a lending culture in which success was judged by loan growth , not poverty reduction .
Moreover , not all aid need go to governments .
However , even if dynamic private-sector-led economies emerge in the world 's poorest countries , they will not produce clean water , build new roads , train more teachers , or improve public health by themselves .
The explanation is simple : the problems that underlie the crisis -LRB- the precarious state of Greek public finances and that of the Spanish real estate sector -RRB- have not been solved , though they should actually be easily manageable in a pan-European context .
But , even in the worst case , the combined losses of Spanish and other banks in the Spanish real-estate sector should not exceed ¤ 300 billion , or about 3 % of EU GDP .
After all , one would not expect the United States ' banking system to collapse just because there was a housing bubble in California and the state of Michigan -LRB- similar in size to Greece -RRB- became insolvent .
The funds mobilized so far under EFSF -LRB- ¤ 750 billion -RRB- would be amply sufficient to deal with all of this -- provided that these potential losses are clearly identified and the necessary funds earmarked to deal with them . Yet this is not the approach that is being followed .
Europe can not escape the crisis in its financial markets until it fixes its banks .
BRUSSELS -- Sometimes the most important news is what is not happening .
This summer has given us one such example : the climate-change bill , for which President Barack Obama had pushed so hard , will not even be presented to the United States Senate , because it stands no chance of passage .
Over time , it became apparent that the US would not live up to its commitment , owing , as now , to opposition in the Senate .
The European strategy is in tatters -- and not only on the transatlantic front .
It is thus not surprising that Europe could enact a cap-and-trade system that imposes a carbon price on a large part of its industry .
A planet composed of nation-states that in turn are dominated by special interest groups does not seem capable of solving this problem .
But , in assessing the outlook for the US economy , one should not compare low quarterly growth rates -LRB- the data for April-June are particularly disappointing -RRB- and the current unemployment rate of almost 10 % to the `` goldilocks '' bubble period .
The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and can not be re-created overnight .
Most construction workers are rather low-skilled and thus can not be re-deployed to modern high-tech manufacturing .
The key point is not that manufacturing jobs are somehow better , but rather that we must consider the asymmetry in the structural-adjustment process .
Labor-market flexibility is always touted as a panacea , but even the highest degree of it can not transform unemployed realtors or construction workers into skilled manufacturing specialists .
After the boom peaked in 1995 , one million construction workers were laid off and could not find jobs elsewhere .
Exports initially did not constitute a path to recovery because the deutsche mark was overvalued , and some manufacturing capacity had been lost during the unification boom . `` International competitiveness '' became the mantra of German economic policymaking .
Since the peak of the bubble , the US economy has not even been moving in the right direction .
However , these four constituencies also contain more than 20 other countries , most of which are not even EU members .
The net effect is that common European interests are not represented at all .
Such a process , however , can not go on forever , because with each increase in size , the IMF 's board becomes less effective .
This has confronted the Europeans with a quandary : if they do not agree to give up some seats on the IMF board , some emerging countries , such as Argentina , Brazil , and perhaps even India , would lose theirs . The EU does not want to be held responsible for this .
Until now , it could be argued that the eurozone did not have a common fiscal agency that could represent common eurozone interests .
Creditor countries like Germany would also gain , because they would not need to extend vast sums in guarantees to the EFSF while still safeguarding their interests within the EFSF 's existing structure .
In doing so , the US would break no international commitments and would not start a trade war .
Such a move is likely to be effective , given the sheer size of Chinese interventions -LRB- hundreds of billions of US dollars annually -RRB- , which could not easily be recycled through offshore banks without exposing the China 's central bank to many other risks .
But it is all too easy to forget that the development of this market was initially welcomed , because it enabled even people who would not normally qualify for a mortgage loan to aspire to homeownership .
The Chinese and others should , however , bear in mind that an increase in housing prices does not make a country richer .
Conversely , a crash in house prices does not destroy any real wealth -LRB- the houses still stand -RRB- .
But , from an economic point of view , the share of homeowners versus tenants is not very important .
If the rental market is well developed -LRB- as in , say , Germany -RRB- , most families might elect not to own .
This induces lenders to provide not only NINJA -LRB- no income , no job , no assets -RRB- mortgages , but also generous loans to real-estate developers to build ever larger mansions and housing estates .
But when the bubble bursts , the NINJAs can not service their debt and builders go into bankruptcy .
In extreme cases , as in Ireland -LRB- one hopes not in Spain -RRB- , the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country .
Yields on government debt of peripheral eurozone countries are skyrocketing , because investors do not really know what the risks are .
Investors should not worry , they argue , because the current bailout mechanism -- the European Financial Stability Facility -LRB- EFSF -RRB- -- has worked so far without any haircut for bondholders , and will continue to be applied until about 2013 .
But markets do not trust this message -- and for good reason : it is not credible , because it makes no economic sense .
And Spain clearly has to grapple with its own Irish problem , namely a huge housing over-hang -- and probably large losses in the banking sector -- following the collapse of an outsized real-estate bubble . The problems of Portugal and Spain might be less severe than those of Greece and Ireland , but this apparently is not enough to induce investors to buy their government debt .
But the EFSF 's founders did not take into account banks ' enormous short-term liabilities , which in a crisis effectively become government debt , as Ireland has been the most recent to demonstrate .
The EFSF might be just enough to guarantee the public debt of the four problem countries , but certainly not their banking sectors ' liabilities as well .
To return to the cinema analogy : investors know that the exit is not large enough to allow them all to squeeze through at the same time . So each one want to be among the first to get out .
First , governments should not be pushed into insolvency just to save all banks .
But that acknowledgement of reality does not end the drama .
But retail shop clerks and car dealers can not be easily transformed into the specialized and highly skilled workers needed in modern manufacturing .
But shops and showrooms can not be transformed into tourist attractions , whose capacity will remain limited until enough time has passed to build new hotels , recreational facilities , etc. .
Financial markets might not give the eurozone periphery that much time .
Labor-market liberalization would allow firms in the domestic sector to fire workers more rapidly , but would do little to encourage export-oriented firms to invest more and create more jobs , especially when the domestic banking system is under stress and can not provide new credit .
BRUSSELS -- Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou 's call to hold a referendum on the rescue package agreed at the eurozone summit in late October has profound implications for European governance , despite the fact that the referendum will not now go ahead .
Papandreou had to reverse course quickly in response to both internal and external pressure , but the option that he put on the table will not go away whatever the fate of the present Greek government .
Technically , Papandreou 's proposed referendum was not directly about fiscal or economic policy , but it is a decision that would have had huge economic ramifications for the eurozone .
The EU remains a collection of sovereign states , and it therefore can not send an army or a police force to enforce its pacts or collect debt .
As long as member states remain fully sovereign , investors can not be assured that if the eurozone breaks up , some states will not simply refuse to pay -- or will not refuse to pay for the others .
Financial markets have reacted so strongly because investors now comprehend that `` sovereign debt '' is the debt of a sovereign that can simply decide not to pay .
But the bubble was not confined to the United States .
To be sure , financial innovation , like lending to buyers who would not normally have qualified for mortgage loans -LRB- sub-prime borrowers -RRB- also played a role .
But sub-prime mortgages would probably not have been supplied on the same scale if central banks had not created an environment of ample liquidity and persistently low interest rates .
The sub-prime crisis has so far affected mainly financial markets in the US and Europe . This is not surprising if one considers that on both sides of the Atlantic prices have reached historical peaks and , until recently , had accelerated .
Because data for the euro area will become available only much later , it is not yet possible to determine whether prices have already turned on the Continent as well .
In Spain and Ireland , construction investment has increased to a level -LRB- 18-20 % of GDP -RRB- far above that of the US and not seen in any other OECD country except Japan before its bubble burst in 1989 .
In short , the downturn in house prices will not be limited to the US .
The Board thus does not perform oversight functions , but rather serves essentially as an extended Management Board , which delegates the execution of its decisions to the Managing Director and the staff .
- Management would be free to take a position on all issues not involving the use of Fund resources , unless it is was explicitly overruled by the expanded board .
But it is indispensable if the ECB is really to be independent , and if one expects that all members of the Governing Board , particularly the governors of national central banks , base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area -LRB- and not of their home country -RRB- .
However , on financial matters -LRB- in particular the distribution of profits and losses -RRB- , the voting rules are different : the Executive Board does not participate and the votes of the national central bank presidents in the Governing Council are weighted by their respective capital shares .
The Stability and Growth Pact clearly did not prevent `` excessive '' deficits , and the no-bailout clause failed its first test when European leaders , facing the Greek crisis , solemnly declared on February 11 that euro-zone members would `` take determined and coordinated action , if needed , to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole . ''
Yet the lesson should not be that failure has to be avoided at all costs : applied to the case of Greece , this would mean that the pressure on the Greek government to adjust would evaporate .
A debtor 's strongest negotiating asset is always that creditors can not contemplate default , because default would bring down the entire financial system .
The European Council of Ministers had to promise hundreds of billions of euros to its financially imperiled member countries , even though the European economy as a whole is not really in crisis .
Failure is not an option . ''
This `` Northern '' view starts from the premise that member states remain sovereign units , and that it is possible that a member country does not implement a necessary economic-adjustment program .
Financial markets do not participate directly in this debate .
But this approach has no answer to the fundamental question : What if the framework does not work ?
So long as EU leaders can not answer that question , financial markets will continue to harbor doubts about the euro 's long-term stability .
The eurozone can not stabilize in political and economic terms without a solid framework for crisis resolution and an ability to deal with sovereign default by a member state .
The view that member states can not be allowed to fail logically implies that a political or at least a fiscal union must underpin the euro .
Such fidelity did not hold for economics .
The need for a free and well-functioning market economy is not included , though this is the fundamental pre-condition for the high standards of living and social protection that the document 's authors advocate so resolutely .
This `` horizontal '' subsidiarity would help ensure that the EU does not interfere unduly with market activity .
As if this were not sufficient , Article 13 reiterates that `` the Union shall coordinate the economic policies of the member states , in particular by establishing broad guidelines for these policies . ''
Article 12 places it among the `` shared '' competences of the Union ; Article 10 provides that in this case `` member states shall exercise their competence only if and to the extent that the Union has not exercised it . ''
The good news here is that these ideas are not carved in stone .
The European Council and the Commission have watched helplessly , as if the matter was not in their hands .
Those who lose their jobs can not find new ones because of barriers to entry , while high long-term unemployment makes those who do have jobs feel threatened .
If they can not reform , France or Italy eventually may be tempted to renege on free movement of goods , services and labor -- and perhaps even abandon the euro -- with disruptive consequences for all members .
One way to weaken this resistance is to involve not only ministers and heads of government in exchanging information on policy design , but also those who resist change , notably trade unions .
After all , a clear message by the European Council would have a much stronger effect if it expressed not only the wishes of heads of governments , but also broad acceptance at all levels of society .
The experience of successful reform in the Anglo-Saxon and Nordic countries shows that Europe need not be condemned to stagnation , provided that it renounces rigid employment protection .
After decades of conflict , it seems that the Arabs have not given up their goal of making all of Palestine into an Arab state .
But , unless the Arabs reconcile themselves to the permanent reality of a Jewish state in Palestine , the creation of a Palestinian Arab state will not provide more than the temporary palliative of a tenuous truce between Arabs and Jews .
Whether or not this historical justification for Israel 's creation is convincing , the important fact is that the Palestinian Arabs and their allies do not buy it .
If the Arabs believe their own argument that Zionism is colonialism , with themselves as the victims , then , whether or not anybody else accepts this view , the lessons that the Arabs glean from colonial experiences become relevant to prospects for peace between Arabs and Israelis .
A permanent end to the conflict over Palestine will not be possible until the Palestinian Arabs and their allies become convinced that the failure of colonialism in countries like Algeria and South Africa is not a relevant lesson for them . In other words Arabs will have to become convinced that they can neither subjugate the Jews nor drive the Jews out of Palestine .
Unfortunately , the Israelis can show the Arabs that they can not destroy Israel only by enduring the violent war of attrition that the Arabs are pursuing .
But , the Irish story has not had a happy ending .
He fails to face his addictions - to the fast life and to his not always healthy , but always demanding and unreal relationship with Argentines .
We have not yet properly mourned , nor reflected upon , our nation 's systematic fall into poverty ; nor the disappearance of former President Carlos Saúl Menem 's mirage of a First World Argentina ; nor our institutions ' loss of legitimacy ; nor our corruption and our violence .
Yet myth-making was not absent on the night of her victory .
Instead , there is defiance and self-affirmation : `` They will not do that to me ... ''
Kirchner , too , is not going to retire and put his slippers on in 2007 or 2011 if Cristina heads the government .
Néstor Kirchner , Cristina 's husband and Argentina 's current president , did not want to run for office again , despite being legally permitted to do so and voters ' preference for him over her .
In Argentina , unlike in the US , re-election is unlimited , as long as the president does not exceed two consecutive periods in office .
Meanwhile , the types of structural changes that Argentina needs have not been made .
The main concern is inflation , which the government has covered up and contained by precarious price agreements that will not last very long once Cristina takes over .
Néstor will not publicly express any attitude that hints at shared government , but nobody believes that he will be far from the scene .
Institutional quality and lack of transparency are not compatible .
In the presidential election of June 2006 , he received 45.5 % of the vote -- not enough to defeat Alan García , but sufficient to show how deeply he had tapped into the hopes and trust of many Peruvians .
But , in the recent presidential campaign , he suggested that his policies would resemble those of Lula , not Chávez .
Humala 's main campaign argument was that he would not risk the `` success '' of Peru 's economy , but would , on the contrary , strengthen it . His fight against poverty and social exclusion would be undertaken as part of that effort .
He would not be able to lean on Brazil , the moderating regional power , but would inevitably fall under the sway of Chávez and Morales , deterring foreign investors and harming the country 's foreign relations .
Although the last two options might be difficult to merge -- Mexico might not want the competition of such a large player as Brazil -- they are not mutually exclusive .
The local stock market 's fall immediately after Humala 's victory is a clear sign that the most influential forces in the Peruvian economy will continue to press for deeds , not promises -- deeds that benefit their interests , of course .
Humala most likely will not follow market dictates robotically . But he will not be able wholly to avoid them .
Half of Peru 's citizens did not side with him .
As for Europe , the Kirchner 's have not yet paid off Argentina 's debt -- pending since the default -- to the Paris Club of sovereign creditors .
The same Peronist caudillos that have obeyed her until now could start a war of succession if she does not find a way to continue in office .
If the only limits on Cristina are her own , Argentina will not weather the coming storm well .
Retuning Europe 's Franco-German Engine BERLIN -- Whether or not the French presidency of the EU , which begins next month , is successful will depend in large part on whether Franco-German cooperation can be revived .
Of course , the Franco-German engine can not function as before .
Fortunately , Franco-German disputes , while often seemingly fierce , do not last long , and can even serve to refocus people 's attention on the importance of the relationship .
And southern Mediterranean countries ca n't hope to make up in America and Asia the opportunities and investments that they are losing in Europe , certainly not in the short term .
A Euro-Mediterranean monetary system would avoid the discrepancy between euro - and dollar-denominated trade -- indeed , eventual expansion of the eurozone should not be ruled out . A reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed , and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment .
Europe could finance more and better training to help meet its own labor shortages , while African countries would be able to provide employment for their young people . And a Euro-Mediterranean and Euro-African version of the Erasmus student-exchange program would not only attract African students to Europe , but would also boost European students ' interest in the development of the southern Mediterranean and Africa .
This is what al-Qaeda , as well as purists in the West , ca n't understand about Turks : they do not feel they have to choose between being modern and being Muslim .
At the same time , Turks did not turn against Islam , as though this killing could be justified by religion .
We will not change our course .
These social anxieties are not being addressed because financial-sector bailouts , stimulus packages , and help for distressed industries with strong lobbies are testing many governments ' financial limits .
That the advocates of unconditional privatization are now crying out for state support would be cause for cynical laughter if the danger were not as big as it is .
As we face the type of turning-point decisions not seen since the darkest days of the 1930 's , can we avoid such an outcome ?
If we are to avoid the worst , fundamental change is not only necessary , but unavoidable .
Achieving this will not come without suffering .
They might be just as surprised to learn that health policy is not yet subject to the same approach .
Observational studies that compare outcomes for patients who receive particular treatments and control subject who do not rank higher , but may still be misleading .
Well-conducted randomized trials incorporate additional safeguards against bias , including use of placebo medication that allows investigators to blind patients and caregivers to whether patients are , or are not , receiving active treatment .
Clinicians stopped using the drugs , but not before causing a large number of unnecessary deaths .
Here , although randomized trials are not feasible , it remains possible to follow evidence-based medicine 's primary rule : to base action on systematic summaries of the highest quality evidence available .
Likewise , user fees discourage the poor and elderly from accessing needed health services , whereas public funding largely eliminates inequities in the provision of care while producing health outcomes that are as good as , if not better than , mixed public-private funding models .
But that did not happen .
But if the case for expanding world trade is compelling , the prospects for actually doing so are clouded , owing to a simple but nonetheless fundamental political reality : those who gain from trade , which is almost everyone , are not always aware of it .
Highly motivated minorities can and do overwhelm the general interests of majorities who are not seized with an issue .
Much of its wealth reflects the increased value of energy , not productive economic activity .
All this adds up to a Russia that , if not quite a Potemkin state , is anything but great .
Alas , Russia is moving more in the opposite direction ; political power is becoming more , not less , concentrated .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
For 350 years , sovereignty -- the notion that states are the central actors on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within the territory of other states -- has provided the organizing principle of international relations .
This is not to argue that Microsoft , Amnesty International , or Goldman Sachs be given seats in the United Nations General Assembly , but it does mean including representatives of such organizations in regional and global deliberations when they have the capacity to affect whether and how regional and global challenges are met .
Sovereign states increasingly measure their vulnerability not to one another , but to forces beyond their control .
States would be wise to weaken sovereignty in order to protect themselves , because they can not insulate themselves from what goes on elsewhere .
This reflects not simply scruples , but a view that state failure and genocide can lead to destabilizing refugee flows and create openings for terrorists to take root .
But the terrorists still have not done anything on the scale of 9\/11 .
Unfortunately , the evidence does not support this .
Similarly , elections in Palestine did not persuade Hamas to turn its back on violence any more than elections in Lebanon dissuaded Hezbollah from initiating the current crisis in the Middle East .
Terrorism can not be defeated by arms alone .
Such a counter-terrorism policy will not eliminate the scourge of terrorism any more than modern medicine can eliminate disease .
But it does hold out the promise of reducing it to a scale that will not threaten the openness , security , or prosperity of modern societies .
He can not command .
Moreover , power at the UN is divided , not simply between the Security Council and the General Assembly , but more fundamentally between the 192 members and the UN itself .
The UN is comprised of sovereign states , but it is not sovereign itself and can not act as if it were .
When they are willing and able to do so , the UN can make a difference ; when they are not , the UN can act in only the most limited way , if at all , regardless of what the Secretary General wants .
This is not a failure of the UN or the Secretary General so much as a reflection of the reality that the major powers are divided .
Ban can not simply reform the Security Council to reflect better the realities of this era .
Again , what is holding the UN back is not the UN itself , but its leading members , who can not agree on what change is needed .
Ban should support the creation of an international facility that would provide governments access to -LRB- but not physical control of -RRB- enriched uranium and plutonium for the generation of electrical power .
Establishing a large , standing international force under the UN 's control is not feasible and may not be optimal .
The US needs and benefits from effective multilateralism in a global world , one in which challenges can not be met by any single country acting by itself .
It is a question of when , not if , the Japanese amend Article IX of their constitution , which limits the role of Japan 's armed forces to self-defense .
The danger is not renewed Japanese militarism , but rather a Japan that is unable and unwilling to do its share to meet the regional and global challenges facing Asia .
On one hand , he is wise not to have visited the Yasukuni shrine , which honors millions of Japan 's war dead , including 14 Class A war criminals . On the other hand , Abe 's public statements denying Japan 's coercion of `` comfort women '' in China and Korea have been clumsy at best , insensitive at worst .
There is no reason Japan should not hold a permanent seat in the United Nations Security Council .
The goal is not to enlist Japan in any anti-Chinese coalition , but rather to increase the depth and breadth of US-Japanese cooperation .
It is to be hoped that it will not be overshadowed by calls in Congress for Japan to apologize more formally than it already has for the comfort women .
Terrorism bred in Iraq will not stay there .
Expressions of anti-Americanism will provide no protection or immunity to governments or individuals who for good reason are not prepared to endorse the terrorists ' radical agendas .
Even if not , the flight of millions of Sunni refugees will weaken the foundations of neighboring states , including Jordan .
Absent such confidence , Iraq 's oil output will not approach its potential , which will only widen the gap between global supply and demand .
The alternative to a world shaped by a strong , confident , and engaged US is not likely to be a world that is peaceful , prosperous , and free .
The reality is that Iraq 's future is not assured even if these and similar measures are taken .
It may be too late for the US to succeed in Iraq , but it is not too late for others to increase the odds that the US does not fail .
The problem is that the conflict is not even close to being ripe for resolution .
Ignoring this reality will lead to failure , if not catastrophe .
It is not clear that any of these conditions exist in today 's Middle East .
Here , and elsewhere , the US will need to take the lead ; the parties can not be expected to reach consensus by themselves .
Second , it is essential that this meeting be the start of a serious process , not a one-time event .
Rigid timetables that history suggests would not be met should be eschewed .
Third , diplomacy can not survive , much less thrive , amidst a deterioration of the day-to-day circumstances on the ground .
Fourth , a path must be provided for those who did not attend the meeting to join the process at a later date .
Fifth , the Palestinian leadership can not be expected to take risks for peace without political protection .
For some , this approach will seem overly modest . But this is not yet the time for great ambition .
This is not an argument for drift .
But it is vital that new efforts do not cause more harm than good .
Today 's diplomats could do worse than recall the warning of the great French statesman Talleyrand : '' Surtout , messieurs , point de zéle . '' Above all , not too much zeal .
But it is not too soon to address the question of what effect US foreign policy is having on the campaign and what it reveals about how Americans see the world .
Recession , job loss , and expensive oil , not war , is what Americans fear most for 2008 .
This is not to suggest that foreign policy is absent from the campaign .
The US and Iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- as occurred recently in the Strait of Hormuz -RRB- , with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from his economic failures .
America 's next president will face a host of pressing and difficult foreign policy challenges -- and how he or she responds will affect not only the US , but the entire world .
Living in a Non-Polar World NEW YORK -- Today 's world is dominated not by one or two or even several powers , but rather is influenced by dozens of state and non-state actors exercising various kinds of power .
Still , if non-polarity is inevitable , its character is not .
But order will not emerge on its own .
If internationally managed enriched-uranium or spent-fuel banks are established , countries could gain access to nuclear power but not come to control the material needed for bombs .
Combating terrorism is also essential if the non-polar era is not to turn into a modern Dark Age .
The same is true of climate change : agreement on certain aspects of the problem -LRB- say , deforestation -RRB- or involving only some countries -LRB- the major carbon emitters , for example -RRB- may prove feasible , whereas an accord that includes every country and tries to resolve every issue may not .
I do not know if there is a Mandarin equivalent for `` Be careful what you wish for , '' but if there is , it surely applies .
China is getting a great deal of international attention , but not the sort it bargained for .
Indeed , it is likely that several prominent world leaders , including British Prime Minster Gordon Brown , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , will not attend the opening ceremonies .
China is not simply wealthier ; it is also a far more open place politically than it was during the Mao era .
But reality is not one-dimensional .
China is changing , in many ways for the better , and further change in the right direction is not likely to result from a policy of isolating or sanctioning China .
The Chinese need to see how they benefit from inclusion -- and how they would suffer from not being one of the countries shaping and buttressing today 's international institutions .
In a globalized world , global challenges largely require global responses , which are impossible if a country of China 's size and population and wealth does not participate .
Stopping the spread of nuclear weapons , promoting more efficient energy use , taking action on climate change , and maintaining an open global economy -- these and other tasks require Chinese participation , even cooperation , if globalization is not to overwhelm us all .
One useful step on our part would be to end the anachronism of bringing together many of the world 's principal leaders in the annual G-8 meeting of industrialized countries and not including China -LRB- or India or Brazil , for that matter -RRB- as a matter of course .
Communism and socialism do not command public support as they once did . Materialism and consumerism can not be a substitute for political and religious freedoms , which remain severely constrained .
This argues not simply for keeping nationalism in check , but for allowing greater political and religious freedom so that there are alternative sources of legitimacy and allegiance in Chinese society beyond that of economic advancement .
Still , it is possible to discern some similarities between them , in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem , and in part because the constraints that the next president of the United States will face are certain to limit what either man could do in office .
No matter who wins this November , it is clear that Iraq will not dominate US foreign policy in the years ahead to anything near the degree that it has in recent years .
Where the two candidates differ is on the timing and pace of this drawdown , not on its general direction .
Behind this prediction is a widely shared assessment that the trends in Afghanistan -LRB- unlike in Iraq -RRB- are negative , and that the US must strengthen its military presence there and revise its strategy if the Taliban are not to gain the upper hand .
Iran is another area where the differences -- at least initially -- may not be as sharp as the campaign suggests .
Aspects of the next president 's foreign policy are there to see if observers read between the lines and take as much note of what is not said as what is .
But he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
In a crisis , Israel or Iran could be tempted to use nuclear weapons out of fear that the other would if they did not .
Moreover , further nuclear proliferation is not the only danger if Iran proceeds with its nuclear efforts .
It is conceivable that Iran could be allowed a symbolic `` right '' to enrich , but any enrichment program would have to be extremely small so as not to pose a strategic threat .
It would also need to be subject to highly intrusive inspections , so that the world could be confident that Iran was not secretly enriching uranium and developing nuclear weapons .
To begin with , it would entail putting together a diplomatic package that offered Iran access to nuclear energy but not physical control over nuclear materials .
The Obama Surprise NEW YORK -- The high hopes surrounding Barack Obama 's presidency are mostly a good thing , as they remind us that much of the anti-American sentiment that is so apparent around the world is not and need not be permanent .
As it turned out , after 40 years of containment , the Soviet Union and its empire unraveled , though this outcome was a byproduct of US policy , not its principal purpose .
Bush embraced the so-called `` democratic peace '' theory , which holds that democracies not only treat their own citizens better , but also act better toward their neighbors and others .
By contrast , in the earlier Iraq war , the first President Bush , after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating Kuwait , did not press ahead to Baghdad to oust Saddam Hussein and his government , despite the urging of many that he do just that .
Pressing problems , such as the economic crisis , nuclear proliferation , and climate change , will not wait .
This is not to say that promoting democracy will have no role in American foreign policy .
Governments will not sacrifice near - and medium-term economic growth for long-term environmental benefits . This is especially true now , given that much of the developed world is in the midst of a painful recession .
The United States , for one , will not accept ceilings that reduce its greenhouse-gas emissions significantly if it means accepting higher costs and taxes that risk slowing economic recovery .
Four hundred million Indians still lack electricity ; India can not be expected to rule out greater use of coal if that proves to be the best way to produce electricity for one-third of its citizens .
So-called `` carbon tariffs '' are likely to be introduced to penalize imports from countries or companies deemed not to be doing enough to curb emissions .
Coordinated national actions are not the same as unilateralism .
But to describe a challenge as global is not to argue that the remedy is to be found only in an ambitious , formal , and universal treaty .
Such an accord might well be desirable , but it is simply not an option for climate change any time soon .
The goal for the representatives of the nearly 200 countries who will meet in Copenhagen should not be a single sweeping agreement so much as a set of more modest agreements .
But reaching an accord that sets binding ceilings for what each country will be allowed to emit is not an option in Copenhagen .
The consensus simply does not exist .
In this narrative , the Cold War was not so much won by the US and the West as lost by the Soviets , the inevitable result of Soviet economic weakness and political decay .
It is important here to keep in mind that containment , the dominant doctrine of the Cold War era , sought to push back against Soviet and Communist expansion -- not just to limit the reach of Soviet power , but to frustrate it -- in order to create a context in which the inherent flaws of communism and authoritarian rule would come to the fore .
Security is the absolute precondition for sustainable recovery from conflict ; without it , people can not rebuild their country or return to school or work .
Terrorists can not be allowed to forever frustrate the search for peace .
While the US remains the world 's most powerful single country , it can not maintain , much less expand , international peace and prosperity on its own .
Moreover , contemporary problems -- for example , thwarting the spread of materials and weapons of mass destruction , maintaining an open world economy , slowing climate change , and combating terrorism -- can not be managed , much less solved , by any single country .
What makes a country great is not the size of its territory , population , army , or economy , but how it uses its power to shape the world beyond its borders .
Whether or not they acknowledge it , they have a stake in world order .
The prospect of a threat to the stability of the greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support robust sanctions against Iran . But it is not clear whether China 's leaders will recognize this and act in their country 's own long-term self interest .
The point is not to single out China . Similar questions apply to India and Brazil .
And it is not just the developing and emerging countries that must reconsider their approach to the world .
The US must do so as well . While much has been said and written about America 's call for China to become a global stakeholder , China will not simply sign on as a pillar of an American-defined world .
Once Iraqi military forces were expelled from Kuwait in 1991 , the US did not march on Baghdad to replace Iraq 's government -- or remain in Kuwait to impose democracy there .
I maintain that the effort against Afghanistan was justified -LRB- to remove the Taliban government that helped bring about the 9\/11 attacks -RRB- , and that ousting Saddam Hussein was not .
But , regardless of one 's position on these questions , it can not be disputed that replacing a government with something better and lasting is a different and much more ambitious goal than changing a government 's behavior .
Sanctions alone , even those supported by the United Nations Security Council and backed by military force , could not persuade Saddam Hussein to withdraw from Kuwait , control of which was a major prize for him .
The participation of many governments not only distributes the costs of going to war , but also lends legitimacy to the enterprise .
In the case of Iran , the first Iraq war teaches us that economic sanctions will likely not be enough to persuade the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- who increasingly dominate the country -RRB- to accept verifiable limits on their nuclear program .
But , if not , the question of whether to use military force to slow the development of an Iranian nuclear weapon will come to the fore .
But not acting , in effect accepting Iran 's nuclear might , risks bringing about a more dangerous and possibly costlier future .
Most Americans do not feel the sacrifices associated with the large troop presence and ongoing conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq .
But the fact that foreign policy did not materially affect the November elections does not mean that the results will not affect US foreign policy .
One area of probable continuity is the Middle East , where Obama will continue to try to broker a deal between Israelis and Palestinians and press Iran not to develop nuclear weapons .
As 2011 begins , with 50,000 US soldiers still in Iraq and another 100,000 in Afghanistan , it may not look like that era is coming to an end .
Indeed , a political culture of compromise has not taken root , and the country continues to be divided by geography , ethnicity , religion , and politics .
It is in the interest of the US and the world that this opportunity not be missed .
In the case of Egypt , there are several reasons : more than 30 years of one-man rule ; Hosni Mubarak 's plans to pass the presidency on to his son ; widespread corruption , patronage , and nepotism ; and economic reform that did not benefit most Egyptians , but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change .
The net result was that many Egyptians felt not just alienated , but also humiliated .
And like these earlier technologies , social media are not decisive : they can be repressed by governments as well as employed by governments to motivate their supporters .
Mubarak 's announcement that he would not seek re-election would likely have averted a crisis had he issued it in December .
Mubarak 's departure is a significant but not decisive development .
A hybrid , caretaker government , including military and civilian elements , may be the best way forward . To slow the clock is not to stop it , however .
It is never possible to satisfy the demands of all protesters , and regimes should not try .
Outsiders can assist -- for example , with ideas for constitutional reform or voting procedures -- but this should be done privately and as suggestions , not demands .
True monarchies , like Jordan , have a legitimacy and stability that the leaders of faux monarchies -LRB- Syria , Libya , and Yemen -RRB- , as well as the Iranian regime , do not .
But it is a milestone , not a turning point , in what remains an ongoing struggle with no foreseeable end .
Removing Bin Laden does not end the terrorist threat .
Disease is not something that can be eliminated , but often it can be managed .
But tolerable is not good enough when it comes to protecting innocent life .
And , while the overwhelming majority of the world 's Muslims are not terrorists , many of the world 's terrorists are Muslim .
It is not enough to be a limited partner in the struggle against terror ; Pakistan needs to become a full partner .
But sovereignty is not an absolute ; it involves obligations as well as rights .
Pakistanis must understand that they will forfeit some of those rights if they do not meet their obligation to ensure that their territory is not used to shelter terrorists .
If things do not change , the sort of independent military operation carried out by US soldiers will become less the exception than the rule .
This is not nearly as desirable an outcome as Pakistan joining what should be a common international effort .
At stake is not only assistance , but Pakistan 's own future , for , in the absence of genuine commitment to counter-terrorism , it is only a matter of time before the country falls victim to the infection that it refuses to treat .
September 11 , 2001 , was a terrible tragedy by any measure , but it was not a historical turning point .
It did not herald a new era of international relations in which terrorists with a global agenda prevailed , or in which such spectacular terrorist attacks became commonplace .
On the contrary , 9\/11 has not been replicated .
They can destroy but not create .
It is worth noting that the people who went into the streets of Cairo and Damascus calling for change were not shouting the slogans of Al Qaeda or supporting its agenda .
International cooperation has increased markedly , in part because governments that can not agree on many things can agree on the need to cooperate in this area .
But progress is not to be confused with victory .
Terrorists and terrorism can not be eliminated any more than we can rid the world of disease .
The establishment of a Palestinian state will not be enough for those terrorists who want to see the elimination of the Jewish state , any more than reaching a compromise over Kashmir will satisfy those Pakistan-based terrorists with bigger agendas vis-à-vis India .
Reducing unemployment is desirable , of course , but many terrorists do not come from poverty .
The United States has become preoccupied with the Middle East -- in certain ways , the wrong Orient -- and has not paid adequate attention to East Asia and the Pacific , where much of the twenty-first century 's history will be written .
This is not to argue that the Middle East is irrelevant or that the US should ignore it .
Nevertheless , there are grounds for the US doing less in the greater Middle East than it has in recent years : the weakening of al-Qaeda ; the poor prospects for peacemaking efforts ; and , above all , the mounting evidence that , by any measure , massive nation-building initiatives are not yielding returns commensurate with the investments .
Muslims can not blame the United States for their lack of democracy . Still , America does play a large role on the world stage ; and in many parts of the Muslim world , particularly in the Arab world , successive US administrations -- Republican and Democratic alike -- have not made democratization a priority .
Continuing this policy is not in America 's interest .
Iran , Romania , and Liberia illustrate that rigid authoritarian systems can not withstand the shocks of social , political , or economic change , especially at the pace that characterizes today 's world .
Any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in US foreign policy was removed by President Bush 's speech of last November , in which he made clear that the Muslim world 's democratic deficit is not tied to religion , but to `` failures of political and economic doctrines . ''
`` Sixty years of Western nations excusing and accommodating the lack of freedom in the Middle East did nothing to make us safe -- because , in the long run , stability can not be purchased at the expense of liberty .
As long as the Middle East remains a place where freedom does not flourish , it will remain a place of stagnation , resentment , and violence ready for export . ''
So the US now actively supports the extension of democracy throughout the Arab and Muslim worlds , not simply for humanitarian reasons , or for theoretical reasons , but from self-interest .
Many models of democracy exist ; and some models can not be exported .
But this conservatism should not be mistaken for violent radicalism , as America , unfortunately , has done .
While conservatism may claim a majority of the `` Arab street '' -LRB- and the Persian street -RRB- , this does not mean that violence and terrorism will inevitably rule the region .
As for attitudes toward non-Muslims -LRB- or non-practicing Muslims , for that matter -RRB- , conservatives believe that the coming of Islam abrogated all other religions , while reformists believe that Islam completes other religions , but does not invalidate or disprove them .
However , conservatives do not support the use of violence against non-Muslims .
The radicals totally repudiate the Other , and do not see a place for the non-Muslim either in heaven or on Earth .
This stance sanctions the use of violence against the Other , whether Christian , Jew , or even other Muslims who do not share their beliefs .
But this scenario is not limited to Muslims .
Franz Müntefering 's resignation as chairman of Germany 's Social Democrats in the face of a challenge from his party 's leftwing has , like the divisive French referendum on the European Constitution this past May , exposed deep ideological cleavages -- divisions not only about Europe , but about the very foundations of society and the economy .
Behind the critiques directed at the EU and national governments as `` not being social enough , '' lurks an image of the Union as a trap that is forcing its members to bend to the fateful disciplines of the market , thus depriving national leaders of their ability to realize important social goals .
This cleavage now seems set to shape not only Germany 's future coalition government , but the future of politics across Europe .
In France , this division is evident not only on the extremes of right and left , and in traditionally nationalist Gaullist circles , but also among most socialist voters , who decided to spurn the party leadership 's pro-European stance .
This fundamental debate is not about to abate .
But this can not be the whole explanation , because a similar radicalization is occurring within German 's left , where the alliance of the post-communist PDS -- still powerful in the Länder of what was East Germany -- and SPD dissidents led by Oskar Lafontaine promotes equally radical proposals .
But it is a fundamental characteristic of utopias that they can not be implemented .
For them , national identity should be abandoned in favor of a European identity , even if the feeling of belonging to Europe is not deeply held among the peoples of the EU .
But , contrary to the US , integration in France is not based on assimilation , but on a desire to promote homogeneity -- the nation unified as `` one and indivisible . ''
Today 's debate over national identity arises from this tension , so it 's not surprising that it has become a central issue of the presidential campaign .
But what is at stake in that debate are values that not only built France , but that also have built and will continue to build Europe .
It was not that long ago that experts were predicting that our skyrocketing human population would outstrip its food supply , leading directly to mass famine .
And it 's not just the US .
Food production has not only kept up with population growth but has managed somehow to outstrip it .
There are ups and downs from year to year because of the weather , and there are pockets of starvation around the world -LRB- due not to a global lack of food , but to a lack of ways to transport it where it 's needed -RRB- .
They understood that the problem was not a lack of food per se , but a lack of fertilizer -- then they figured out how to make endless amounts of fertilizer .
The Agricultural Bank will also require new capital , although the government is not yet preparing it for privatization .
Now , the largest banks are claiming significant increases in non-performing property loans , while the glut of new industrial capacity implies that some firms may not have adequate profits to service their debts .
In the future , China will have to rely more heavily on interest rates to manage monetary policy , using the price of capital , not political considerations , to influence how firms make investment decisions .
Chinese officials have said that the crisis that began in the United States will not slow down long-planned reforms in China 's financial markets .
China does not want its large current-account surplus to cause the currency to overshoot on the upside , and it may now want to slow the renminbi 's appreciation because of concern about the global economic slowdown .
Chinese officials have not yet echoed Steinbrück 's comments , but the US experience will naturally make them more suspicious of Western investment bankers and US-style regulation .
But it does not want to generate high levels of unemployment as this transition occurs .
Use may not increase immediately , but it will over time , because marijuana will become more freely available , much cheaper -LRB- in order to discourage the persistence of a black market -RRB- , and its use will be implicitly condoned .
Experience with alcohol suggests that these approaches may modestly reduce , but not eliminate , the harms associated with use , especially if sellers are allowed to promote their wares .
Although some complain that December 's compromise on financial regulation does not go far enough , there is a case to be made that the opposite is true .
We need to start with national supervisors -LRB- as Germany wisely does -RRB- , and then go to the European level if necessary , not the other way round .
A systemic solution must precede , not follow , the creation of new European institutions .
Last June , it was agreed at the EU level that European institutions ' decisions should not impinge on member states ' control of fiscal policy .
The three new agencies will not only enforce common technical standards , which may eventually become binding throughout the EU if endorsed by the European Commission , but will also be allowed to settle disputes between national supervisors .
In good times , we probably would not be able to tell the difference , but the grim reality is that such an arrangement would be unlikely to prevent another crisis .
More unification and harmonization does not necessarily lead to effective -- or even reasonable -- solutions to the EU 's troubles .
This levy , strongly backed by those countries whose financial sectors are in tatters after the crisis , is hard to swallow for EU states that did not intervene to bail out their banks .
Millions of customers have willingly relied on them for their debit and credit payments , and simply have not found reason to switch to the SEPA system , with its different codes , abbreviations , and symbols .
But European institutions are now not only trying to repair the Pact , but are looking for ways to broaden its scope , making it possible to punish EU countries for `` macroeconomic imbalances . ''
For example , if a poorer member country undergoes a period of real convergence and has a temporary current-account deficit -- as is usual in such cases -- it may be punished for not being sufficiently `` harmonized . ''
But not every aspect of financial regulation and macroeconomic performance necessarily belongs in this category .
We praise competition , not monopolies , in economic life .
Since 1998 , there has not been a single defection from the upper levels of the program , despite low pay and substandard living conditions -- deteriorating medical care , erratic electricity supplies , and a ban on travel .
Understanding the system that produces these weapons , and finding the means to disable this system , has not been on their agenda .
But Blix dismissed this as `` not a serious problem , '' and did not require Iraq to produce the poisons to be used to arm the warheads .
Unfortunately , the inspectors ' reports make one thing clear : they will not take the bold steps that the international community needs to expose Iraqi cheating .
The EU can not let Cyprus stew in its own juice , not least because as a member state the island is proving an uncomfortable bedfellow .
So it 's not all gloom and doom .
While the EU must be present , it can not be a neutral mediator , since Greece and Cyprus are both members .
Pakistan 's War with Itself LAHORE -- Pakistan is now a nation caught between its army and the Taliban , fighting a war not of its own making .
They were not evacuated . They were left to walk for miles and days to safety .
If the government of Pakistan and its friends do not accept that this human suffering was preventable , a chain of similar disasters will take place as army action heats up in Waziristan and other parts of the country .
This is not Pakistan .
There is not even any money being spent on equipping hospitals in Peshawar and the rest of Pakistan with adequate blood banks and trauma units , despite the regular inflow of bombing victims .
Our warnings and recommendations were not heeded .
Many experts believe that , two years later , the US has still not begun to take the urgent steps necessary to defend itself against further attacks .
This is probably because most of those inconvenienced by preliminary counter-terrorism measures in the US are Arab-Americans , while the broader American community has not been bothered .
They will not become any easier to answer over time .
Whether threatened by fascism , communism , terrorism , or any other form of fanaticism , freedom must defend itself in ways that do not become self-destructive .
Many Europeans share this belief , but , as the EU considers entering the fray of Middle East peace talks , it must respond to former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's jibe that in the region `` you are payers , not players . ''
Yet Europe 's potential contribution should not be underestimated .
It held that Europe 's peoples could not be divided in terms of human dignity .
Recognition of cultural rights and humanitarian norms underpinned the activities of brave individuals like Václav Havel who knew that a better future was not only possible but essential .
These sacrifices have convinced many Westerners that the Middle East is not beyond redemption , and that the region 's people should be given a chance to enjoy the same liberty that they do .
That , too , is not surprising , because the situation remains an amorphous mix of hope and destruction .
Governments across the region have been identified as the problem , and yet the state is being called upon to address a social and political agenda that has not yet been fully defined .
No matter how influential new media have been , they can not replace the need for a region-wide `` manifesto for change '' that all who seek freedom can embrace .
That is a source of hope , if not yet of the systematic and coherent ideas about how to remake their societies that the region needs .
Cyber-activism has its limits ; it can not , in the end , deliver either democracy or prosperity .
The battle being fought for the soul of the Middle East can not be won online , nor can it be subdued through the cynical manipulation of trust and fear .
Healthy politics requires that common men and women are not taken for granted .
It can not be good for America if liberalism -LRB- in the original sense of political and economic freedom -RRB- becomes as much a dirty word in Europe or in the Middle East as `` liberalism '' in the American sense is nowadays for the American right .
The spectacular social and political polarization that these three elections expose can be seen as a revival of class-struggle politics , and of communist-style aspirations , if not Leninist doctrine .
What is certain today is that the common European vision of a movement toward centrist politicians , like former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , and political theorists ' claims that the emergence of large middle classes leads to centrist , non-ideological politics , is not valid in times of crisis , when extremist traditions re-surface .
His exhumed body had not decayed .
This position also opened another front in the Church 's battle with Eastern European Orthodox Christianity , which lent theological support to vampire myths by teaching that non-decomposed bodies could not go to heaven and could be revivified by the devil .
At the same time , people 's irrational fears and secret desires could not be suppressed .
Belief in vampires in Eastern European societies served its own historical purposes : uniting communities and identifying outsiders , giving concrete form to death fears , explaining mysterious events , and , last but not least , providing a means of resistance to the encroachment of Western ideas and patterns of thought .
One problem is that we can not , without lapsing into tautology , simultaneously say that God is good , and that he gave us our sense of good and bad .
Indeed , atheists and agnostics do not behave less morally than religious believers , even if their virtuous acts rest on different principles .
There is not enough time to request organs from outside the hospital , but there is a healthy person in the hospital 's waiting room .
When asked to justify why some cases are permissible and others forbidden , subjects are either clueless or offer explanations that can not account for the relevant differences .
Our evolved intuitions do not necessarily give us the right or consistent answers to moral dilemmas .
What was good for our ancestors may not be good today .
But insights into the changing moral landscape , in which issues like animal rights , abortion , euthanasia , and international aid have come to the fore , have not come from religion , but from careful reflection on humanity and what we consider a life well lived .
We can do this without blasphemy , because it is our own nature , not God , that is the source of our morality .
When markets fear that a country might not repay its debts , they demand higher interest rates , which in turn make countries less willing or able to repay , justifying the initial fear .
I do not think , however , that the world 's main concern is to find ways to rob people of their identity and sovereignty .
These `` entertainments '' are not filmed and published by bureaucrats from Brussels or by representatives of international institutions , foreign states or large international corporations : they are marketed by citizens to fellow citizens .
Threats to identity nowadays are primarily not matters of dictates from outside .
True , the blind pursuit of profit is not the invention of any one people . True , that pursuit is a trait which is immensely contagious .
Unlike countries such as Mexico , Sweden or Austria , which are not members of NATO but have common borders with it , Russia -- which is much larger and more powerful than all of the Alliance 's other neighbors combined -- is consistently disquieted by NATO 's presence and is rather displeased to see it enlarge eastwards .
For example , I find it almost absurd that such a large and powerful country should be alarmed by the prospect of three small democratic republics on its border -- Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- joining a regional grouping which it does not control .
Is it not meaningless to insist on a cordon sanitaire at a time when hundreds of transcontinental missiles could destroy Moscow from Nevada , or New York from the Urals , in a matter of minutes ?
My thinking does not emanate from aversion to Russia , or any feeling of superiority -- or , on the other hand , from fear of how Russia might respond to NATO 's further enlargement .
It is my profound conviction that Russia does not deserve that we behave towards it as we would towards a leper , an invalid or a child who requires special treatment and whose whims , no matter how dangerous , must be understood and tolerated .
We are not in a position to reproach one another .
To be sure , it is now recognized that the West exported to the rest of the world not only many wonderful accomplishments but also less praiseworthy values , resulting in the forcible liquidation of other cultures , suppression of other religions , and fetishism of incessant economic expansion regardless of its qualitative effects .
While many other countries now also profess these values , they belong to other geographical areas and therefore -- if only for this purely external reason -- can not be considered part of the West .
There is nothing wrong in being part of the West , nor is there any reason not to profess this affiliation .
On the other hand , being a Westerner or a Western country does not mean being a priori superior .
Today we live in a democratic society , but many people - not only in the Czech Republic - still believe that they are not true masters of their destiny .
During the communist era , most people believed that individual efforts to effect change did not make sense .
Communist leaders insisted that the system was the result of history 's objective laws , which could not be challenged , and those who refused this logic were punished - just in case .
Unfortunately , the way of thinking that supported Communist dictatorships has not disappeared entirely .
As there is not much space in such thinking for individual moral action , social critics are often ridiculed as naive moralists or elitists .
However , we were not mistaken when we argued that Communism was not a mere dead end of Western rationalism .
If we do not want to be overrun by anonymous forces , the principles of freedom , equality and solidarity - the foundation of stability and prosperity in Western democracies - must start working globally .
Let 's not allow ourselves to be manipulated into believing that attempts to change the `` established '' order and `` objective '' laws do not make sense .
Let 's try to build a global civil society , and let 's insist that politics is not just a technology of power , but needs to have a moral dimension .
I can not recall any occasion at that time when the West or any of its organizations -LRB- NATO , the European Community , etc. -RRB- issued some public appeal , recommendation , or edict stating that some specific group of independently-minded people -- however defined -- were not to be invited to diplomatic parties , celebrations , or receptions .
After all , Europe is uniting in order to defend its freedom and values , not to sacrifice them to the ideal of harmonious coexistence with dictators and thus risk gradual infiltration of its soul by the anti-democratic mindset .
I firmly believe that the new members of the EU will not forget their experience of totalitarianism and non-violent opposition to evil , and that that experience will be reflected in how they behave in EU bodies .
Too often in politically connected cases , suspicions and charges of wrongdoing are not pursued to an unambiguous conclusion .
This is understandable : the communist justice system was manipulated to serve the regime , and thousands of judges can not be replaced overnight .
Although it is clear that a return to the old Soviet Union is not possible , some blame Russian influence for the disillusion in Ukraine .
Russia , I believe , should clearly say -- and the international community should clearly say to Russia -- that it has defined borders that will not be questioned , because disputed borders lie at the core of most conflicts and wars .
The EU opened a dialogue with the Cuban regime , sanctions were conditionally suspended , and it was even made clear to dissidents that they were not welcome at the embassies of several democratic countries .
We are also extremely familiar with the argument that European policies have not led to any mass arrests in Cuba .
Their cases often do not end in courts but in hospitals .
Political violence that creates the impression of mere street crime is never easy to prove , unlike jail terms of several years , and therefore it does not receive due attention from the world .
It is not the innocent victims of repression who are losing their dignity , but rather the international community , whose failure to act means watching helplessly as the victims are consigned to their fate .
Cuba is the only country in the Western Hemisphere that has not embraced democracy and continues to repress all forms of political dissent . Today , Cuba is closer to making genuine democratic changes due to sacrifices made by dissidents and activists inspired by how other parts of the world have been transformed since the end of the Cold War .
The actions taken or not taken by the Cuban government should be used as a benchmark when the European Council reviews the EU 's Common Position on Cuba in June . Lastly , the EU should continue actively supporting peaceful democratic movements and civil society organizations in Cuba by taking advantage of the intrinsic knowledge some of its member states have about making a transition to democracy .
But , according to Burma 's Constitutional Referendum Act , members of religious organizations , those subject to criminal prosecution , and members of ethnic groups that have not agreed to a ceasefire with the government were barred from voting .
We strongly support the Burmese opposition 's campaign calling on the country 's citizens to reject the constitution , which does not promote human rights , but only confirms the military 's political role .
Given the violent suppression of last September 's mass demonstrations -LRB- the `` Saffron Revolution '' -RRB- led by Burma 's Buddhist monks , and the constant repression in the country , it is not surprising that the military junta tries to shroud its despotic tendencies in pseudo-democratic measures such as the sham electoral process of the referendum .
Sadly , the international community did not respond to last autumn 's mass arrests of human rights defenders .
Moreover , the UN should not only condemn , but without further delay put a stop to today 's greatest atrocity : the regime 's obstruction of foreign assistance to victims of the cyclone .
The military-run referendum will not bring democracy to Burma , nor will it help the Burmese people , who now are suffering not only from the authoritarian regime and poverty , but also from a grave natural disaster and its totally inept handling by the cynical generals .
An interpretation of the Olympic Charter according to which human rights would be a political topic not to be discussed in the Olympic venues is alien to us .
To speak of the conditions of human rights therefore can not be in violation of the Olympic Charter .
To speak of human rights is not politics ; only authoritarian and totalitarian regimes try to make it so .
Therefore , we see a dignified celebration of the Olympic ideals not only in sporting performances , but also in the opportunity to express one 's civic attitudes .
Given that this risks renewed violence , it is critical that Israel 's regional partners and international actors understand that Palestinians will not be diverted from their strategic objective of achieving an independent state .
What is needed is a viable option for the opposing party to adopt in order for violence not to be deployed .
This diversion of the energy of war can take place at any stage of the cycle of escalation , but if preventive peace building is not launched at the first sign of trouble , and problems remain unaddressed as the conflict intensifies -LRB- especially if it turns violent -RRB- , some type of intervention will be needed .
In the end , reconstruction and reconciliation are the only viable means to bring stability , since it can not be imposed .
But it begs the question of why there has not been a more concerted and concentrated focus on transforming the situation in Gaza and Palestine .
What is now needed most of all is a clear message that dialogue , not violence , is the way forward in these very tense times .
The Palestinians of Gaza -- indeed , all those across the region who lead blighted lives without hope -- can not wait for new administrations or international institutions to act .
If the Fertile Crescent is not to become a futile crescent , we must wake up and find the moral courage and political vision for a quantum leap in Palestine .
What Europe 's devotion to humanism does mean , however , is a determination , no matter the circumstances , to stand firm and not abandon the fundamentals of European civilization and European unification .
Of course , the tourists who crowd Cuba 's beaches are not aware of this iron curtain .
The EU should not and must not repeat this error .
Should the Nobel Committee choose to recognize Liu 's courage and sacrifice in articulating these ideals , it would not only draw global attention to the injustice of Liu 's 11-year sentence . It would also help to amplify within China the universal and humanistic values for which Liu has spent so much of his life fighting .
Of course , democratization does not automatically guarantee better behavior on the world stage . But it does facilitate a full and rigorous public debate over key questions of a state 's foreign and domestic policies .
But the pattern of assassination directed against Russian `` troublemakers , '' which started several years ago when human rights expert Nikolai Girenko and journalist Anna Politkovskaya were murdered , has not been effectively addressed .
These charges need to be investigated if President Medvedev 's claims to want a society based on the rule of law are not to ring hollow .
The international community must judge Burma 's generals by their actions , not their words and promises .
The country 's media remains censored , freedom of expression denied , and the most popular political party in the country , the National League for Democracy , which won elections in 1990 , has been forced to disband because it decided not to register for the November elections .
But responsibility for assisting Burma does not lie solely at the door of the UN .
We do not need to wait until after the election to know this . So there is no excuse for continued inaction .
It is time for all of us , not just in our professional capacities , but also as individuals , to turn our thoughts and actions to those affected .
Given Ukraine 's strategic importance , the country 's fate has become an urgent matter of concern not only for Europe , but for the entire international community .
Efforts to combat corruption are at best half-hearted and are not bringing any apparent results .
A similar effort is needed for Ukraine today , and that effort should not be set aside for reasons of political expedience , or , for that matter , pursued for reasons of simple economic self-interest .
Earlier that day , the prince had the bomber flown in on his private jet from the Yemeni-Saudi border and reportedly ordered that he not be carefully searched .
However , the bomb was not encased in metal and the terrorist was the only person killed .
In effect , by not accepting Saudi largesse the militant will be keeping food off his own family 's table -- a powerful restraint in a culture and religion in which parents are highly regarded and respected .
Repentant jihadis are taught that violence undertaken by individuals -- not by the legitimate ruler -- is sinful and will be punished by God .
These lessons do not rule out all violence , focusing instead on Al-Qaeda 's justifications for its attacks and the forms that the violence takes .
In addition , ordinary Saudis see the chaos next door in Iraq and do not want the same turmoil at home .
The excitement of the moment , however , does not tell us what the future holds .
Scholars of the region , like myself , are also recognizing that our understanding of Arab politics did not anticipate this wave of successful protest .
Until the uprising in Tunisia , we thought that political change would be led either by Islamist forces or by a coup by a group of military officers -- not by disorganized , youth-led masses .
In a message dated February 16 , 2011 , entitled `` The People 's Revolution and the Fall of the Corrupt Arab System : A New Beginning and the Shattering of the Idol of ` Stability , ' '' a Libyan who goes by the name Atiyat Allah writes , `` It is true that this revolution is not the ideal that we had desired ... -LRB- W -RRB- e hope that this is the first step to better times yet . ''
Most clearly , political change will not occur in the same fashion across the diverse countries of the Arab world .
In addition , the excessive violence in Libya might send the message to other peoples in the region that the cost of change is too high to pay , and that the relatively peaceful transitions seen in Egypt and Tunisia might not be replicable .
King Abdullah pledged large numbers of new housing units , an important gesture in a country where young people , especially young married couples , can not easily access the housing market .
If civil war erupts , the Saudis will not be able to stop the waves of refugees .
Unrepaired single-strand breaks are not very toxic to cells .
However , unlike fully developed tumors , they are not likely to have acquired many genetic changes and are therefore unlikely to have gained resistance to PARP inhibitors .
It will also take longer to validate a PARP inhibitor for use as a prophylactic treatment , because the treatment can not be proven effective in a short time .
Needless to say , reaching a consensus among such a diverse group of people from around the world was not easy .
In other words , it exists as a separate right , and is not dependent on the violation of some other legal right , such as the right to education .
It follows , then , that the right to equality could be violated even where another legal right -- to , say , housing or employment -- does not exist .
Such a stratagem is possible only in connection with foreign policy matters , and , unlike in Britain , it is the exception , not the rule .
The Bundestag Barons the long serving MPs who rule the legislative committees and enjoy enormous clout within their parties can not shape politics against the governments will , but they can impede almost everything .
The problem is structural : members of the Bundestag depend on local or regional party organizations , not on their party leader , for their political survival and advancement within the Bundestags hierarchy .
Unlike the American President , who may seek votes to support his policies even from the opposing party in Congress , a German Chancellor promises not to govern by seeking the votes of opposition party members .
But the Moon Illusion is not only captivating to behold ; it also happens to be perhaps the oldest unsolved problem in science .
Official Chinese policy in recent years has been to make GDP growth greener . But not at the expense of growth itself -- and China plans to grow pretty fast .
Perhaps the only people not suddenly depressed are those immersed in the negotiations .
With more than a thousand points still to be agreed , all the policymakers I 've spoken to recently say that they can not see how a meaningful deal can be reached by December in Copenhagen .
Although cuts in CO2 emissions and agreement on funding and finance are necessary goals , the geopolitical reality is that climate change can not be decoupled from trade or discussions on exchange rates , the IMF , reform of the UN , and so on . There is a quid pro quo that no one explicitly talks about but which must be addressed : trade-offs between these negotiations , not just within them .
Meaningful action on climate change will not be seen until it is agreed within this broader framework .
This means taking the issue out of its current compartment and being realistic enough to understand that Brazil 's position on cutting down rainforests , for example , will be affected by whether or not it is given a seat on the UN Security Council .
Worryingly , `` Copenhagen 2 '' will not only have to navigate this complicated terrain , but it must do so in less than five years .
The climate bomb is ticking , and there is a palpable sense of urgency among policymakers . For , as the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has explicitly warned , if emissions do not fall before 2015 , and only fall from then onwards -LRB- and the overall trend is that they have been rising -RRB- , we will reach the point of no return .
The North Koreans lied in writing not only to the United States , which it has done repeatedly in the past , but also to China , Russia , Japan , and South Korea .
South Koreans increasingly are coming to believe that North Korea will not be in the family of nations for long -- that sooner or later -LRB- perhaps even in this decade -RRB- , the North will collapse and its malnourished people will become future citizens of a reunified Republic of Korea .
For this reason , the issues facing South Korean public opinion as it decides whether to help with food assistance are not easy ; indeed , they could be quite wrenching .
If so , and if denying food aid would result in a famine that the North Korean regime could not withstand , what could such a decision mean for eventual relations among Korean peoples living in the northern and southern parts of a unified country ?
As it picks its way through crisis after crisis in the Arab world , the Obama administration would do well to follow a few guidelines that do not change with every news cycle .
First , staying on the right side of history is one thing , but suggesting that the US is inspiring , if not directing , the Arab revolts is quite another .
It is thus wise for Obama not to be out directing traffic in the crise du jour .
But what is happening in the Arab world is not a series of transactions ; it is a tectonic cultural shift in terms of generational attitudes , gender relations , and urban-rural tensions .
Policies designed for one fault line are not necessarily appropriate for the latter .
Unfortunately , it does not always lead to more democracy .
Surely , that lesson should be applied as the US responds to the emergence of a new -- but not necessarily newly democratic -- Arab world .
There is a considerable gap between offers of advice one can not refuse and the responsibility to deal with the consequences when that advice proves wrong or extremely difficult to implement .
In many cases , the cohesiveness of opposition movements that come to power in the wake of a political upheaval may not be what the international media presume it to be .
Indeed , some components of these so-called `` democratic coalitions '' may not be democratic at all .
Others , such as Kazakhstan 's Nursultan Nazarbayev -LRB- popular with Western media when he first came on the scene -RRB- plainly has not .
But human rights should not be conflated with democracy .
While democracy is , no doubt , the form of governance that best preserves human rights , the two are not the same thing .
Human rights will not co-exist with dictatorship , or with any other non-democracy , for long .
But we should not confuse these values with the other essential elements of progress , such as establishing liberalized trade regimes , creating institutional structures with a separation of powers , and rooting out corruption .
Things are not turning out as planned .
He chose not to address either the issue of using those borders as a starting point for negotiations , or Obama 's idea of land swaps -LRB- a very common element of international peace negotiations -RRB- as the means to get from that starting point to the end game .
If these components were boxed and sold as a parlor game , those playing it would not find creating Middle East peace especially challenging .
Thus , an argument could be made that during this delicate time of transition , and in the complete absence of any indication of progress , the peace process might well benefit -- at least for the time being -- from stalemate , if not benign neglect .
We should not ignore how the absence of a peace process could ultimately erode the fragile -LRB- and by no means universal -RRB- gains in the rest of the Arab world .
If the peace process does not exist , the resulting vacuum might tempt some in the Arab world to deal with the problem of rising economic expectations -- and , alas , dashed political expectations -- through old-fashioned anti-Israel demagoguery .
In the skies of Serbia and Kosovo , NATO warplanes attacked target after target , not to support the liberation of territory or in furtherance of a strategic bombing campaign , but rather to change Milosevic 's mind .
Ground troops ultimately proved unnecessary , but failure was not an option .
The latter will not ensure the success of the former .
Complaints about the fecklessness of the rebels are not going to help .
Some countries with needed capabilities have not brought them to the fight , and others have not even provided political support .
Tony Blair 's Long Goodbye In early 1999 , Paddy Ashdown , then the leader of Britain 's Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- and since then , as Lord Ashdown , Europe 's envoy in Bosnia -RRB- , was found with a woman not his wife and forced to resign his post .
Britain 's most adept and skillful politician has evidently known for years exactly what not to do about arranging his departure , and yet he has chosen to ignore his own advice .
When I called on him in January this year , his press officer advised me not to bring up the obvious question . -LRB- I readily agreed , since an unanswerable question is a waste of time . -RRB-
But Blair inexplicably chose to compound the mistake he had made with Brown , by announcing publicly , after having defeated the Tories for the third straight time , that he would not stand again .
In deploying soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq , he was convinced that he was both morally correct and politically right to stand by Britain 's main historic ally , the United States . -LRB- It is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted Brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so . -RRB-
But hearing voices is not necessarily a sign of mental illness , so understanding the mechanics of auditory hallucinations is crucial to understanding schizophrenia and related disorders .
In a certain ideological mind-set , Israel is perceived not as a political entity , susceptible to prevailing standards of judgment , but as an almost allegorical force , the symbolic center and source of the globe 's evils and ailments .
Democratic societies depend not only on the foundational principle of free speech , but on the character of political thought and conversation among various constituencies .
It is worth noting that hydrogen 's supporters do not oppose battery powered cars , and they embrace biofuels as another renewable source of hydrogen .
This will be expensive , but probably not more so than maintaining the current fossil fuel structure , and will most likely start as station clusters or corridors in metropolitan areas that gradually spread outward .
Hydrogen is not the only weapon in the fight against global heating , but it is an essential element -- in the truest sense of the word .
-LRB- Milosevic was not to be indicted until 1999 . -RRB-
I did not shake hands , although both Karadzic and Mladic tried to .
Some of our team did ; others did not .
Mladic , not Karadzic , was the dominant figure that evening .
I reminded Milosevic that he had promised that such harangues would not occur .
During that period , Karadzic spread a completely false rumor that Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and I had made a deal that , with Karadzic 's disappearance from public view , NATO would not seek his arrest .
Since the US can not get directly at amorphous terrorist networks themselves , it should exert pressure against governments that tolerate terrorists on their territory as well as those that directly sponsor it .
A refugee camp is not merely a humanitarian disaster ; it is also a generator of militant rage , and thus a security threat to the West .
In Afghanistan , terrorists are `` harbored '' not by a state but by the impossibly rocky and mountainous terrain .
To destroy their sanctuaries , it will not suffice to eliminate the Taliban .
Feared and loathed by its neighbors , Saddam 's regime not only tolerates , but also actively sponsors , terrorism and is working furiously to produce weapons of mass destruction that can be used against Israel and the West .
· First , American troops should be relocated from the vicinity of Mecca and Medina , not bowing to pressure but to occupy Iraq , thereby removing a source of anti-American rage , while allowing the United States to continue stabilizing the region militarily .
The value of improvisation in the face of novel threats does not imply that existing rules should be peremptorily discarded .
An administration that has consistently boasted of its willingness to bend -LRB- and sometimes break -RRB- the law to meet an unprecedented threat has become notorious not for its flexibility , but for its rigidity .
Might there be a causal relation between the Bush administration 's cavalier , if not hostile , attitude toward law and its dazzling inability to acknowledge mistakes and manage midstream readjustments ?
Could it be that a willingness to flout the law and circumvent the Constitution tends to produce not nimbleness , but obduracy and intransigence ?
Requiring the government to test the factual basis of its decision to use force is not a shackle to be thrown off , but an incentive for forethought and a psychologically stabilizing support .
The administration arguably devoted most of its counterterrorism efforts not to law enforcement operations , but into `` war '' in Muslim lands because it failed to keep a cool head in the immediate aftermath of the attacks on New York and Washington .
These people are not `` refugees , '' because they have not crossed an international border , but their experiences are often equally devastating .
States that are not involved in the conflict are also required to uphold the rights of the displaced , including the right to return to their homes wherever possible , and this must be addressed in peace agreements and enforced in peacekeeping mandates .
What matters in this worldview is not the nature of any country 's political system , but the extent to which it improves its people 's wellbeing .
At the diplomatic level , this implies that national interests , not universal norms , should drive cooperation .
Nowadays , the West does not have the leverage to enforce these conditions .
America has the flexibility , capacity , and leadership to adapt to the new rules for pursuing diplomacy , but Europe simply does not .
Putting an Australian mining executive behind bars for ten years , squeezing out Google , keeping the European Union at bay for an important dialogue , and letting a mid-level official wag his finger at US President Barack Obama at the Copenhagen Climate summit is not , after all , the best way to convince partners of your constructive intentions .
But the point in reciting this litany is not so much to highlight China 's wayward behavior as it is to demonstrate the dilemma in which the country finds itself : if it behaves like a `` normal '' power , the world will forget the many hundreds of millions of people that it still needs to pull out of poverty .
The Chinese leadership seems to be aware of this dilemma and is not , in fact , eager to be dragged into fierce competition with the West or its neighbors .
During the recent National People 's Congress , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao stressed that China should not punch above its weight , and that the People 's Republic still needs stability if it is to become a society that offers a decent life to all of its citizens .
But charm will not make up for lack of progress at the official level .
China needs a mature strategic dialogue , particularly with the EU . This will not rescue the partnership , but at least it could help define common interests , identify policy options , and create the conditions to achieve results .
One can have the most visible business summits possible , but if Western companies do not gain greater access to the Chinese market , or if they feel threatened by heavily subsidized state-owned enterprises , relations will continue to sour .
We can stage round-table after round-table to discuss the importance of our relations with China , but if issues like Iran , Africa , or other trouble spots are not managed better , the West will inevitably consider China a security threat .
The rise of the MMA is sure to make a fundamental change upon not only Pakistani foreign policy but also upon the country 's society and culture .
America is telling us not to .
America 's plan to liberate Iraq with cruise missiles betrays not only crude ignorance , but also a lack of will to try and deal with the causes of terrorism .
-LRB- Even though Dr. Khan earned his Ph. D in metallurgy , not nuclear physics or nuclear engineering , yet journalistspress reports usually refer to him as a `` nuclear scientist '' -RRB- .
The CEO 's of many , if not most corporations , public and private , are retired military officers -- many fairly young .
Even the armed bandits who waylay relief supplies -- making necessary a guard of soldiers with automatic weapons , standing every few hundred yards -- can not destroy this moment .
It is still not too late to open this door and let Pakistanis , Indians and Kashmiris help each other .
There are not enough tents , blankets , and warm clothes to go around . Hundreds of tent clusters have come up , but thousands of families remain out under the skies , facing rain and hail , and with dread in their hearts .
Worst of all , aid is not reaching those most affected .
Tents will not do .
But ten thousand or more families will need homes in the Mansehra-Balakot-Kaghan area alone , not to speak of adjoining Kashmir .
Indeed , the wily general-president does not merely survive crisis after crisis , but has thrived in power .
However , the pot is not to be emptied all at once . For example , when US Vice-President Dick Cheney arrived in Islamabad in early March , threatening an aid cut and direct US action against Islamic militants , his message was not lost .
Musharraf can not permit the mullahs to become too strong .
But men who live by the gun are willing to die by the gun , and Musharraf is not taking chances .
We are not afraid of death ... ''
They will have to hide themselves in hijab , otherwise they will be punished according to Islam ... Our female students have not issued the threat of throwing acid on the uncovered faces of women .
Indeed , we should not forget the infinite spiritual and recreational benefits that the natural world provides to people and cultures everywhere .
This is a component of human well-being that can not be measured in GDP alone .
In a world with many challenges and not enough money , we have to make hard choices , and we ca n't do it all .
Such conditions indicated that something was wrong with the individual , not with his environment .
Whether a condition was diagnosed as disordered depended not just on the symptoms , which might be similar in normal sadness , and not just on the condition 's severity , for normal sadness can be severe and disordered sadness moderate , but on the degree to which the symptoms were an understandable response to circumstances .
Symptoms otherwise meeting the DSM criteria are not considered disorders if they arise after the death of an intimate , do not last more than two months , and do not include certain particularly severe symptoms .
Yet , comparable symptoms that arise after , say , dissolution of a romantic relationship , loss of a job , or diagnosis of a life-threatening illness are not excluded from diagnosis of disorders .
It would not be hard for psychiatry to develop a more adequate definition of depressive disorder that de-medicalizes natural emotions of sadness .
The diagnostic criteria could simply extend the current bereavement exclusion to cover conditions that develop after other losses and that are not especially severe or enduring .
Such a change would acknowledge what humans have always recognized : intense sadness after loss is a painful and perhaps inevitable aspect of the human condition , but it is not necessarily a mental disorder .
The world 's top scientists could not have spoken more strongly .
More recently , they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic -LRB- man-made -RRB- climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great , that we can `` wait and see , '' and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial .
The scientific evidence does not support such arguments .
If we are to have a good chance of achieving that target , the concentration of CO2 must not be allowed to exceed 450 parts per million -LRB- it is now nearly 390 ppm -RRB- .
Rejecting the idea of a holy alliance between the two countries , al-Khatib said , `` This relationship was not a strategic alliance between the two countries , but a relationship of mutual interests and benefits . ''
While Jordan 's access to discounted Iraqi oil was clear for all to see , the benefits to Iraq have not been as visible .
Others note the presence of numerous Iraqi businesses in Jordan , conducting activities whose purposes have not always been clear .
This question still echoes through the decades , and the many answers have dwelled not only on military failings , but on broader questions concerning Arab political , economic , cultural , and technological development .
The remnants of Saddam 's army were not pursued within Iraq , allowing him to crush the popular insurrection staged in the south , and remain in power .
For nearly 60 years , the Atlantic partnership has been a force for good , not only for Europe and North America , but for the world .
Although some of this sentiment was misrepresented , Germany clearly would not support military action in Iraq .
Many Germans remain torn not only about Iraq , but about war in general .
A closer look at the problem suggests that the division over Iraq is not merely an isolated incident , but reflects a range of deep-seated difficulties .
Because Europe is militarily insignificant , they argue , it is not surprising that Europeans emphasize diplomacy , rather than military might , to resolve disputes .
Indeed , it is somewhat surprising that the partnership did not show more strains sooner after the Cold War ended .
These strains are not helped by negativism on both sides of the Atlantic .
Of course , this can not always be decisive .
But a single market does not require a single social or industrial policy , far less a common taxation policy .
I believe that every member state should administer those policies that do not directly and significantly affect other member states .
They do n't need to drag Britain and others kicking and screaming in their wake because the others are not compelled to join them .
I am not talking about a two-speed Europe . That implies that we all agree on the destination and differ only about the speed of the journey .
There are some who say that this would mean a loss of influence on the part of those countries which choose not to integrate more closely .
But influence is not an end in itself - it is a means to an end .
Britain does not need a seat at the table when decisions on the Euro are taken .
Our economy has not been adversely affected by staying out .
Keeping the pound does not mean that we oppose the Euro , or hope for its failure .
There is a world of difference between an association of nation states bound together by treaty , and a single entity , whether you call it a state or not , with its own legal personality , deriving its authority from its own constitution .
The supremacy of EU law would derive not from Acts of national Parliaments but from a supra-national constitution .
That is a radical change , not the mere tidying-up exercise some suggest .
I do not believe it is right to make a change of such magnitude without specifically consulting the people on whose behalf we govern .
Elected parliaments do not own our liberties .
They safeguard them , and should not diminish those liberties without an explicit mandate .
The sheer scale of the OSCE 's operations in Albania is not what troubles me .
Is it the OSCE 's presence , and not Albania 's government , that is now keeping the country what it has long been , a hermit kingdom ?
I do not attribute any malign or sinister purposes to the OSCE presence in Albania , unless one considers inertia malign .
For example , the Western emphasis on reform and democracy in recent years has been used more often than not as a threat , a typical message being : `` Help us in Iraq or we will press for democracy and human rights in your own country . ''
The democratic process has lost its aura and its thrust , not least because democratization seems to lead to the rise of political movements the West finds unacceptable .
The US is not the only guilty party .
Add together all the trade-offs between the West and the Arab regimes , along with the Israeli and Islamist factor , and the conclusion at which one arrives is as inescapable as it is alarming : the West can not afford democracy in the region .
Al Jazeera is not a tool of the CIA , Israel , or Al Qaeda .
Simply put , the Al Jazeera success story would not have been possible without Qatar 's backing .
News broadcasts covered his continued insistence that he did not forge his ticket , along with the lottery center 's claims that their rejection of the ticket was legitimate .
The outcry after the first BMW case was not really about the light sentence given to a rich woman , but about the lack of confidence ordinary people have in China 's judicial system .
The apathetic response of the dead peasant woman 's husband to the $ 10,000 in compensation he received was telling . `` I do n't care about the verdict and whether it is justice or not , '' he said .
If an entire society believes that you can not depend on legal rights for protection - that one must instead rely on a web of relationships with those who have power and influence - questions about whether such a society is livable or desirable will remain .
When a stubborn teenager went up against the mighty lottery authority with its army of auditors and inspectors and initial alibis , this individual , not the system , was the clear winner of the public 's admiration .
Even so , such marginal forces do not yet constitute a system for redressing grievances .
In fact , on CCTV 's widely viewed 7 p.m. national newscast , not a word on Liu was mentioned on the day he received the prize .
Changes in the micro-political system do not necessarily lead to an adjustment in the macro structure , particularly in hyper-controlled political systems like China 's .
Passionate people did not understand why the public seemed unconcerned about their efforts .
Poppy production is soaring , experiments with alternative crops are lagging , and there are not enough forces to provide security for farmers willing to try growing something different .
No amount of `` transformation '' or `` partnerships '' or anything else will matter much if NATO fails for the first time in its history -- even if that failure is not of its own making .
But allied leaders must also act on the knowledge that NATO does not have the skills , resources , or experience to take full charge of meeting Afghanistan 's requirements for external civilian help .
That task must belong to the European Union , the one institution with the collective means , skills , resources , and -- potentially -- the leadership to relieve NATO and ISAF of burdens for which they are not suited .
Only rarely do scenes of massive displacement of the civilian population make it onto our television screens , because , unlike bombs and suicide attacks , displacement does not generate the blood , fire , or screams that constitutes compelling footage .
This exodus is not new , but since the increased violence that followed the bombing of the Shiite Golden mosque in Samarra in February 2006 , the pace of the displacement has accelerated .
Because they are urban refugees -- not housed in tents , but rather blending in with the local population in the host countries -- they are easily ignored .
Most Iraqis can not opt for local integration , either .
True , Jordan and Syria let most Iraqis in , but they do not offer a possibility of durable local absorption .
Iraqis can not become permanent residents , and they do not have work permits or access to public health services .
In Jordan , Iraqi children can not go to public schools .
It is not a matter of ill will on the part of these countries ; they simply can not afford to extend these services .
Helping them to cope with the influx of refugees is necessary , but it is not a durable solution .
Should the US not take the lead , the only hope is that other countries will be more generous .
The Iraqi refugees are a crisis that can not be ignored : the international community must alleviate the burden on the countries in the region , while offering resettlement opportunities to many more of the most vulnerable Iraqis .
A plane with the UN envoy for human rights was denied landing rights in Baidoa -LRB- seat of the Somali parliament -RRB- not long ago , and pilots sometimes refuse to fly foreigners to Mogadishu , because it is too dangerous .
The dilemma that the accident presented is not easy for a foreigner to understand .
Congo 's Infinite War HARARE -- Some time ago , the head of the United Nations refugee agency , Antonio Guterres , said of the Democratic Republic of Congo : `` Nobody in the outside world feels threatened , and so the international community is not really paying attention . ''
Like the eight-year civil war -LRB- in what was then known as Zaire -RRB- that nominally ended in 2002 , the current fighting involves many different local groups : not only the Congolese government forces , which oppose the insurgents loyal to the Tutsi General Laurent Nkunda , but also the Rwandan Hutu rebels who were responsible for the genocide in Rwanda in the 1990 's and a jungle force known as the `` Mai-Mai '' militias .
It may sound strange , but from the point of view of a humanitarian relief agency , it is not important on whose territory civilians in need are , as long as there is access to them .
So when aid workers are stopped at gunpoint and can not talk their way through , humanitarian agencies naturally turn to MONUC to guarantee access .
Humanitarian workers are not military strategists , so they can not judge what kind and what size of deployment of peacekeepers is adequate .
This moment must be seized not only to beef up MONUC , but , more importantly , to use all existing leverage with the combatants and the governments that back them to get all the parties to return to the negotiating table .
Whether or not he was solely to blame , a true opportunity for historical compromise was missed at Camp David in August 2000 , and he himself acknowledged it a year later .
Ironically however , as he was dying , world leaders and the media were rediscovering the importance of Arafat 's leadership if not his persona .
It is as if in death , Arafat has given his people a chance to achieve what he could not achieve in life -- the dream of an independent democratic Palestinian state .
Members of the Saudi royal family are not entering the race , as they already enjoy ultimate political power .
Such a massive foreign influx into so hermetic a country could not but have a significant domestic impact .
While democracy is not part of his agenda , his messages , as well as his followers ' periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime 's legitimacy .
But it was the terrorist attacks on the US in September 2001 that brought a sea change in the thinking , if not yet the practice , of at least part of the Saudi regime .
Thus , for example , Saudi women , but not convicts , are barred from participating in the forthcoming municipal elections .
The Islamists ' popularity is not difficult to understand .
Knowing this , the Americans have tried over the first six weeks of the war to hold them back , bombing Taliban positions just enough so that they break apart , but not so hard that the Northern Alliance breaks through .
In both cases , the principal agent , not the proxy , would take most of the blame .
Controlling a proxy war from the air is not easy .
The legitimacy of the principal agent also depends on not looking like an imperialist .
But depending on proxies puts the principal agent 's fate in the hands of people who may not define victory as the principal agent does : an Afghanistan rebuilt on solid political foundations and free of terror .
A durable peace , however , can not be built by remote control .
But this alone will not suffice .
But I fear that the steps needed to emulate Estonia 's achievements may not be very welcome elsewhere in the EU .
But this alone will not be sustainable unless Estonia begins to produce its own innovations .
Transparency and accountability are powerful ideas with near-universal support , which means that new leaders should not give up when the fight becomes difficult .
I know from personal experience that we did not always have the luxury of getting the best outcomes .
Reforms will take time , and the old bureaucracies may not be able to implement them .
But economic success without accountability and social inclusion is not sustainable , and new governments often must face tough choices in order to protect the poor and vulnerable .
We could not afford to raise salaries or provide subsidies for everybody .
So , while we helped the neediest , we excluded others who were not poor enough to benefit .
Finally , countries in transition need support -- not only money , but also technical know-how to implement highly complex reforms .
But when we had to modernize our tax system , we could not find the required expertise anywhere in our country .
If we Indonesians had not been in charge of our own transition , it could easily have failed .
Moreover , all the teams should agree not to select and report only the data that seem most impressive .
But we should not panic .
Science is a noble pursuit , but genuine progress in scientific research is not easy to achieve .
Although medical professionals increasingly recognize the health benefits of policies to address climate change , they are not widely appreciated by policymakers themselves .
As negotiators and policymakers debate the costs of mitigating climate change , they can not afford to overlook these benefits ' immense value .
Although the precise nature of the disease 's transmission remains uncertain , a key event in these disorders is the conversion of the prion protein 's normal cells to an abnormal form that appears to be the major -LRB- if not the sole -RRB- component of the infection .
One clue lies in the results of studies of the transmission of BSE and variant CJD in mice , which in many cases does not result in death from clinical disease , but instead can produce an asymptomatic `` carrier state , '' in which the disease has not yet manifested itself .
Further uncertainty regarding the future of variant CJD arises from the observation that the average age of the patients in the UK has not increased significantly over the past 10 years .
What is new , however , is that the firms themselves might not gain from trade defense .
But this is not true in today 's globalized world .
For less expensive shoes , with lower sums invested in the intangible parts of the production process , this figure was not as high , but still more than 50 % .
Sectors with a higher human capital content -- electronic consumer goods , for example -- have much higher R&D costs than the shoe sector , so manufacturing these goods on an assembly line in a low-cost country is probably not very costly in comparison to R&D and other intangible costs .
Many say that these problems are the price to be paid for ensuring that companies do not engage in anti-competitive behavior , or receive trade-distorting subsidies .
But , even if the measures worked as supposed , the majority of trade defense measures are probably not directed against anti-competitive business practices .
Some companies have easier access to capital , whereas their competitors can not get access to finance at reasonable interest rates .
I am not convinced by these arguments .
Customary inflation forecasts and economic analysis alone are not a sufficient basis for monetary policy decisions .
While such decisions must not ignore longer-term developments , the time horizon for inflation forecasts is usually only one to two years , beyond it gets highly uncertain .
In this highly uncertain environment , monetary policy decisions which did not rely on a solid framework could have been misguided . This posed a risk of substantial policy errors , which would have constituted a deadly blow on reputation , the most important capital of any central bank .
Many studies have also shown that there is hardly any major asset price inflation episode which was not accompanied if not preceded by strong growth of money and\/or credit .
The question is not whether or not to include monetary analysis in the monetary policy strategy , but how to reconcile the results from the monetary and the economic analyses to achieve a comprehensive and consistent assessment of the risks to price stability .
It is not surprising that in a world of low inflation central banks as well as academics have lost interest in `` money '' .
One can only hope that the world does not have to go through the same process of pathological learning via high inflation which followed the neglect of money during the fifties and sixties of the last century .
After all , is it not premature -- if not plainly arrogant - to claim that all this evidence collected over many centuries and across numerous countries has lost any meaning for the present and the future ?
In the wake of the euro 's performance during this year 's global financial crisis , even its strongest critics can not deny that the euro is an astounding success .
It is not difficult to imagine what would have happened during the recent financial-market crisis if the euro-area countries still had all their national currencies : immense speculation against some currencies , heavy interventions by central banks , and finally a collapse of the parity system .
True , the euro did not prevent risky investment decisions by European financial institutions or the consequences for financial markets of these decisions .
Instead , the euro achieved what it was meant to achieve : the crisis was contained , because it could not inflict damage on foreign-exchange markets within the euro area .
Today , however , it is hard to find anybody who does not consider the euro a great success , and the ECB has been so sure-footed that people now take that success for granted .
But this was not a matter of good luck .
The fundamentals of the euro 's success are hard work , dedicated commitment to the common currency 's unique historical mission , and , not least , a well chosen monetary policy strategy .
For many people , the introduction of the euro meant not only that currency risk -- i.e. , the risk of devaluation -- had disappeared , but also that all euro-zone members now belonged to an economic area of monetary stability and , thanks to the discipline of the Stability and Growth Pact , of fiscal stability .
Accordingly , they sought out those who were under-represented in the Assembly , but whose sense of participation in and ownership of the process was essential , not merely to the constitutional exercise , but to binding the nation 's wounds .
This was an important signal that those elected to the National Assembly understood that democracy does not mean merely the will of the majority .
Instead , all Iraqis were allowed to participate in the process , and , though consensus was not ultimately reached , that , too , was a part of the democratization process .
Those who chose not to participate in last January 's elections will most certainly do so now , both in the referendum and in the upcoming elections to a new Assembly in December .
Yet that did not happen .
Such temptations are understandable , and need not be animated by improper motives .
It goes without saying that it will be essential to establish that governance in Iraq is institutional , not personal .
Iraq 's salvation from the nightmare that it endured over the previous 35 years lies not in any one man ; indeed , reliance on `` one man '' was the central ingredient in Saddamist rule .
The Iraqi Governing Council was not dominated by any single member , and Iraq 's subsequent governments have also operated collegially .
That has been the missing ingredient , not only in Iraq , but also in other countries ruled by despots .
In America 's presidential campaign -- and , sadly , within Iraq itself nowadays -- the Iraq War may not be surrounded by a bodyguard of lies , but it has certainly picked up a vast entourage of partisan half-truths , cynical indifference , and uninformed stubbornness .
Still , even assuming that the American public would tolerate such a presence , the Iraqi public would not .
While most Iraqis understand the need for US forces to be in their country for the short term , they will not abide a permanent deployment .
Iraqi politicians have not been exempt from posturing for political gain .
Iraq 's government is demanding a withdrawal timetable from the US , not because it believes that Iraqi forces will be ready to take over soon , but to burnish its nationalist credentials ahead of next year 's parliamentary elections .
Iraq 's militias will not go quietly , yet their dissolution is essential for long-term stability , itself a sine qua non for stability in the region .
When these missions are accomplished -- but not sooner -- US forces should withdraw from Iraq .
Many scholars believe that it is the second general election , not the first , which is the most important test of any new democracy .
True , they might not be able to topple the new regime , but they will be able to de-stabilize Iraq over the long term , in the hope of forcing a negotiated settlement of their grievances .
The new Shia elites who control Iraq have emulated their allies in Iran , creating a system that effectively chooses which of their rivals may constitute a `` legitimate '' opposition and which may not participate in the political process .
Politics aside , the long-term damage to Iraq 's legal institutions caused by these maneuverings should not be underestimated .
After the de-Baathification order was issued -LRB- by a commission that does not actually have any sitting members -RRB- a panel of the Iraqi Court of Appeal essentially invalidated it . The prime minister then met with Iraq 's chief justice , following which the court 's decision was reversed .
Doing so might well mean a retreat from the pre-election banning of candidates , and would demonstrate a maturity among the Shia political elites that they have not yet shown .
That includes not only those who have been banned from running for office , but others as well .
The US-Iranian dispute is not limited to the nuclear issue .
They can not forget that Maliki was in charge during the ethnic cleansing of Baghdad 's Sunni Muslims .
When he did lose , he demanded a recount , not as a candidate , but in his capacity as Commander-in-Chief .
In this , Obama is following the example of President George W. Bush , who let the US electoral agenda , rather than American -- not to mention Iraqi -- national interests , dictate Iraq policy .
The Bush administration insisted that Iraq achieve various `` milestones '' -- elections for which the country was not ready and completing a constitution in six weeks , to name two -- simply to create the appearance of substantive achievements ahead of the 2004 presidential election or the 2006 mid-term elections .
Similarly , the Obama administration is trying to force what it perceives as the easiest path to a new government in Iraq -- even if it is pro-Iranian -- not because it is in the US national interest , but to enable it to head for the exits more quickly in advance of the president 's re-election campaign .
Asian economists who promote regional integration in Asia have observed the debate with amazement , in that the fault line is not based on economic philosophy like `` Keynesians vs. Neoclassicals '' or `` Liberals vs. Conservatives , '' but on a geographical , transatlantic divide .
Even if the eurozone might not satisfy the necessary economic preconditions at the outset , economic variables would converge later on .
But announcing an IMF program -LRB- with regional bilateral assistance -RRB- was not what calmed markets in South Korea and Indonesia in 1997 .
In the end , South Korea was saved by coordinated forced rollovers of foreign banks ' lending -LRB- why not try that in Greece ? -RRB- , and Indonesia experienced financial meltdown , because the country could not fulfill much of the IMF 's conditionality .
Indeed , given that depreciation is a key tool for engineering a fast economic recovery , why not invite Greece to leave the eurozone ?
Moreover , all of Greece 's structural problems -- a thin tax base , large numbers of government employees who receive bonus payments , and generous pension benefits -- can not be sustained within the eurozone .
But solving any of them will be extremely hard , and if these problems are not resolved in Greece and other troubled eurozone members , these other countries will follow the same path .
Even the European Monetary Fund may not be enough to save the day then , because those now on the side of the rescuers would become those in need of rescue .
Europeans now have a regional monetary fund , which Asians wanted but could not have .
That dispute ended only when Japan 's economy entered its `` lost decades , '' which has made the Chinese determined not to repeat the experience .
They are also frustrated that the US Treasury has not `` named and shamed '' China by designating it a currency manipulator .
Currency appreciation , Japan argued then and China argues now , is unlikely to result in a significant current-account adjustment , which requires addressing not only China 's high savings rate , but also low savings in the US .
But there is a crucial distinction to be made between the two cases : Japan needs the US to ensure its security , while China does not .
The ensuing bubble in Japanese housing and equity prices inflated and burst not because Japan succumbed to US pressure to allow the yen to appreciate , but because Japan , in the end , resisted that pressure .
So Uribe could not defend the new military agreement .
Nor did it seem to help that even most local military analysts say that the agreement does not represent any major change in the US military position on the continent .
The simple fact is that the timing of the announcement of the pact was terrible , and gave a platform for Bolivarian rants that will not be without consequences .
So the spread and strengthening of Chávez 's so-called Bolivarian Revolution was not in Brazil 's interests , even though some of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's officials appear to be fans of Chávez and his administration .
If Obama wants to encourage moderate and democratic politics in South America , and to bolster Brazil 's efforts to foster stability and economic progress against the region 's radical and undemocratic forces , it must take greater care in not appearing to undermine those the US claims to support .
RIO DE JANEIRO -- Brazil has been making international headlines of late , but not for traditional stories about urban violence , natural catastrophes , political corruption , or deforestation in the Amazon .
And , as if this good news were not enough , Brazil 's giant state oil company , Petrobrás , is already at work developing two huge deep-water oil fields discovered in the sea off the coast of Rio de Janeiro .
Brazil 's current success is rooted not only in Lula 's two terms , which must end in 2010 .
This is not meant to take anything away from Lula .
Lula survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed him to do so .
This vast transformation has not only generated a virtuous circle that strengthened institutional stability and social capital . It has also differentiated Brazil from other countries in Latin America , putting the country in the forefront in the region in terms of dealing with traditional social and economic injustices in a democratic way .
Among the young , almost 37 % of 18-24-year-olds do not finish high school .
But we were not equal .
This is not easy .
But if you succeed , this will change not only your life but also the lives of many of your people . ''
Most of the children I grew up with received an inferior education that did not train them for university or skilled jobs .
This is not a unique situation . Far from it .
But the Court ruled that , absent a showing of actual racial bias in the minds of testers and administrators -- virtually impossible to prove -- the pervasive reality of racial disadvantage was not unlawful .
Its decision reverberates across the Continent -- not just for the Roma , but for all who have a stake in promoting the values of tolerance and equality in a democratic Europe .
It is not safe for me to go home .
In the fall of 2001 , when fighting broke out between the Taliban and the Northern Alliance , I could not travel and was stranded at a roadside teahouse for several weeks .
It is not hard to imagine what those ways are .
I am not alone .
I am one of several dozen of the Guantánamo who can not return to our native countries because we would likely be tortured and abused .
Darwin , however , did not invent the idea of descent with modification .
Epigenetic inheritance occurs not only within individuals during their development ; it also occurs between generations : individual yeast cells or bacterial cells can transmit epigenetic variations from one generation to the next , and multi-cellular organisms can transmit them through their sperm and eggs .
Certainly , it should not be reduced to `` selfish genes . ''
At last year 's United Nations-sponsored climate-change conference in Cancún , Mexico , German Federal Environment Minister Norbert Röttgen noted that , `` In Germany , there has been a shift in thinking over the past years : in industry , politics , and society , we now see climate policy as an opportunity and challenge , not as a threat . ''
It was not the invention of the steam engine alone that deserves the credit .
Obviously , the fossil-fuel sector would shrink by 2020 as the energy system decarbonizes , with coal being partly displaced by lower-carbon fuels , mainly gas and renewables -LRB- carbon capture and storage and nuclear power can not make much of a difference by 2020 -RRB- .
Unlike Liu , Zhao had not called for change in China 's political system .
Zhao did not set out to become an activist .
After all , the same Chinese leaders who reject Liu 's calls for political reform argue that what Chinese citizens really want are not `` Western-style '' rights , but basic necessities -- clean water , economic opportunities , safe food -- that allow their families to prosper , and which China 's own homegrown political system can adequately protect .
But Zhao 's conviction , like the mistreatment of other Chinese whistleblowers , sends the message that when faced with a perceived threat to social stability , China 's legal institutions are not up to the task of providing basic protections to its citizens .
Zhao 's allies are not out to `` humiliate China . '' Rather , like those around the world who believe China deserves credit for its impressive achievements -- indeed , like Liu Xiaobo himself -- they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature .
If China is to honor its commitments on a wide range of international issues -- trade , product safety , and environmental protection , to name just a few -- and command genuine trust and respect at home and abroad , it will need to embrace people like Zhao , not silence them .
But mutual respect does not preclude telling people the truth .
A cursory glance at most of the conflict-ridden countries in Africa shows that monopolization of political power over extended periods of time has not only helped institutionalize corruption , as leaders surround themselves with trusted relatives and cronies , but has also been a major cause of coups and conflict .
Debates and protests about globalization have been muted since last September 's terrorist attacks . But that silence does not mean that they are over .
`` There is , '' he wrote in an echo of today 's globalization debates , `` a certain situation of capitalistically disorganized economies , in which the higher culture is not victorious but rather loses in the existential fight with lower cultures . ''
Advocates of this position see EU voters as terrified by the consequences of the May 2004 enlargement of the EU , when eight formerly communist states joined , and angry that they were not consulted about it .
Finally , the enlargements of the 1980 's , when Greece and then Spain and Portugal joined the then European Community , were not very disruptive .
By themselves , the labor-market implications of poor countries ' accession to the EU simply are not very dislocating .
What makes the debate so passionate in 2005 is a new fear that did not exist in the 1980 's : that the new members have a different social model , in which workers ' rights and the welfare state will be eroded .
It is not so much the Polish plumber as it is the Slovak 19 % flat tax that is the challenge to the older West European social model and welfare state .
These include not only the rapidly growing formerly communist countries to the east , Poland and the Czech Republic , but also Denmark , the Netherlands , Austria , and Switzerland , upon which Germans traditionally looked down .
These two scenarios of the origins of economic nationalism , one irrational and the other not , are not real alternatives , but describe responses that intertwine : the more rational the fear , the more that fear can be used as an instrument of politics .
Since then , Putin has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
It was not really the first personal computer , but it turned out to be `` The Personal Computer , '' and it revolutionized not just business life , but also the way people thought about the world .
The 1981 PC was a break with IBM 's previous business model , according to which it did not sell computers , but leased them .
It is not surprising that the triumph of the PC seemed to be accompanied by a revival of the nineteenth-century vision of classical liberalism and individualism .
But this initial triumph of the PC -LRB- and very substantial sales in the 1980 's -RRB- did not immediately fulfill all the initial hopes for individual empowerment and social transformation .
It did not seem to produce many efficiency gains , despite enormous investments in information technology .
In particular , it argues that liberal democracy is a Western invention that does not fit well with the Japanese or Asian character .
But Fujiwara 's book has also revived an old debate about capitalism and the values that are needed to sustain it . That debate stems from the fact that capitalism , or the market economy , can not simply go on forever , driven by an internal momentum or dynamic .
As a result , elaborate systems of laws are needed to ensure that competition is open and fair , that monopolies and trusts do not destroy competition itself .
But even this may not be enough , because each legal reform is answered by entrepreneurial ingenuity on the part of those who want to circumvent the new restraints .
Some thinkers , most notably Max Weber , floated the idea that capitalism must be sustained by a value system that could not initially be created from within .
But there are two crucial aspects of the debate on religious values that should not be overlooked .
Suddenly , as today , even big banks did not trust each other .
So 1907 became a comforting mantra in times of financial stress : a crisis can not happen as long as the central bank understands the problem of liquidity .
Governments not only needed to help by providing a combination of public assistance and new legislation guaranteeing deposits , but also were called on to shield their constituencies from destabilizing international influences .
Germans do not see why they should be vulnerable because of poor quality mortgage lending in American inner cities .
We are not living in 1907 , when the gold standard limited the ability of central banks to supply additional liquidity .
This time , however , it is Google 's Chrome that promises to transform the economics underlying the entire software industry , and not only because of its technical innovation in linking very different kinds of software to an Internet browser .
The major advantage of Explorer was not so much a technical one , but rather that Microsoft 's Windows provided the operating software for the overwhelming majority of personal computers .
Computer software was originally not a commodity to be bought , but a service .
It did not sell anything , computers or software .
By contrast , on the face of it , there can not be anything wrong with offering services or products for free , and then simply using the resulting advertising possibilities .
Industrial Revolution-era cotton makers in England did not make a great deal of money , even though their products revolutionized personal life and hygiene , and even extended life expectancy .
Google has taken the logic of loss-making technology to its ultimate culmination of not charging at all for its product .
Hank Paulson , who came to America 's Treasury from the strongest US investment bank , Goldman Sachs , made the purgation gamble in allowing Lehman Brothers to go under . He argued that the US could not tolerate a bailout culture .
But in a climate of profound uncertainty , self-help is not enough . Governments or central banks are needed , because only they are both big and quick enough .
Some lines of thought are more emotional : might not 2008 be a payback for the American bungling of the 1997-1998 East Asia crisis ?
From their viewpoint , collecting art was not simply a matter of benevolence or public spiritedness .
Financial judgment , by contrast , is not by its nature open to inspection .
As with their investments , the habitués of contemporary art markets relied not purely on their own judgment , but on teams of sophisticated advisers and dealers who could give opinions on what trends best caught the spirit of the age .
But was not the same incomprehension on the part of the broad public characteristic of the increasingly sophisticated financial products that were being traded ?
Indeed , the nature of the risks involved was not clear , it seems , even to regulators or the senior management of the firms that were building the business .
In each economic transition , older businesses did not stop .
Likewise , a personal banker is not longer a necessity , and has become nothing more than a status symbol .
German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrück recently said that Marx 's answers `` may not be irrelevant '' to today 's problems .
But we do not see a new rush for the works of such figures as John Stuart Mill or Paul Leroy-Beaulieu .
Even the recapitalization of banks through state assistance has not been enough to revive economic activity .
Everyone thinks of the horse that can be led to water , but can not be made to drink .
Even pro-market commentators have taken up the cry that the market will not provide the needed credit .
State-compelled lending has been adopted in the past , and not just in the central planning systems of communist economies .
That does not necessarily mean that the idiot 's solution makes sense .
When economic activity starts up again after a deep recession , it will not be as a consequence of people having been compelled to channel financial resources into the projects selected as politically desirable , but as a result of new ideas .
There is a further reason why deflation is such a threat , and why policymakers setting out to eliminate it have a much tougher task than inflation fighters : all prices do not move down ; in particular debts do not adjust because they are fixed in nominal terms .
Indeed , as governments scramble to respond to the current crisis , we should remember that deflation tends to produce not only radical anti-capitalism , but also a profound hostility to any kind of economic or political organization .
The aftermath of the banking crisis requires thinking about not only the most appropriate form of banking legislation , but also the appropriate size of the state .
As a result , most nineteenth-century US banks did not have branches , and were limited to one state .
The participants at the 2009 summit may not visit the Geological Museum , but they will have to deal with the specter of conferences past , for the failure in 1933 offers important lessons for our current leaders .
They agreed that protectionism was obviously a vice , but thought that it was a necessary one that could not be addressed without monetary stability .
In adverse economic circumstances , governments felt vulnerable and unsure , and they could not afford to alienate public support .
The German delegation was led by Alfred Hugenberg , who was not a Nazi but wanted to show that he was an even more implacable nationalist than Hitler himself .
Roosevelt did not know what line to take at the conference , and his stream of advisers offered inconsistent counsel .
Many European countries can not afford a stimulus package , owing to overstretched public finances , and instead want to make progress on the international regulation of banking .
But we are not sure quite who and what should be unmasked .
Why were the banks not more closely controlled and better regulated ?
It is not that politicians were `` bought '' in a simple sense ; rather , they convinced themselves that financial innovation opened the gate to greater general prosperity , increased home ownership , and , of course , popular support in elections .
Today the attacks are not limited to the political and financial establishment .
It treated tradition and history not as a constraint , but as a source of ironic reference .
When incomprehension no longer produces new heights of prosperity , but rather economic collapse and failure , it is not surprising that it turns to anger .
But more red ink is likely , owing to the current administration 's irresponsible commitment to tax reduction , and , unlike Clinton , or , indeed , the first President Bush , George W. Bush does not intend to break his campaign promises .
The second , more radical approach , tries to improve not the economy but the way people themselves go about their lives .
Bailout operations invariably bring bitter controversy because they help some but not others .
But the costs must be borne by everyone , including firms that are not rescued -- probably because they operate more efficiently -- and are put at a competitive disadvantage as a result .
Small businesses will always complain that they do not have the organizational clout to extract public funds from governments .
But , in the real world , not everyone is underneath the helicopter when it makes the drop .
But when businesses and consumers try to borrow , they find that it is very costly , if not impossible .
The interwar Depression led to the disintegration of liberal economic and political values . In Germany in 2009 not only was there was no swing to political extremism of the right : there was no sign of any support for a radical right . In the elections for regional parliaments , the small radical right parties -LRB- which have never been a feature of national politics -RRB- simply disappeared .
If the election is clearly not a victory for political and economic radicalism , it would be equally misleading to interpret it as the triumph of the free market . Throughout the campaign , there was an eerie degree of consensus about the desirability of central features of a distinctly European and more specifically German system of values .
In 1987 , at the Louvre conference , there was not even any agreement about what had been concluded .
If it is clear who will vote for which measure , there will be increased demand for a public debate about who should be chosen : why not elect the MPC , since it is effectively a monetary government ?
Our current crisis is not simply a blowback effect of financial globalization .
In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush advised Americans that they should not allow the trauma of the attacks to interfere with their ordinary shopping , and implied that buying had become a patriotic duty and virtue .
The post-2007 crisis was not simply a financial affair .
This service economy may generate higher levels of overall well-being if it emphasizes that humans do not exist as separate islands , but existentially depend on their relations with others .
The explanation of why the obvious lessons of the crisis are being not drawn lies in the curious character of financial activity .
Banking is inherently competitive ; but at the same time , it is not an industry where competition ever worked very well .
The bank reforms generally did punish the bankers , but they were not successful in promoting new bank lending .
Proprietary trading was justified not because it created large profits for banks -LRB- it did -RRB- , but because it was supposed to create markets and provide liquidity for rarely traded instruments .
Such large banks are needed because small players alone can not make a market .
The euro precisely measures international tensions in that it is a bold experiment : a currency that is not linked to a state , but rather follows from international rules and treaties .
When things did not work out globally , a regional solution might be possible .
To Europeans , the International Monetary Fund , which supervised exchange-rate arrangements in the post-Bretton Woods world , looked like a perfectly American committee , and France did not like that .
The answers to a global problem of this kind can not be found on a European level .
Europe tried this combination , and found that even in a regional setting it could not be fully realized .
Talking about the charms of market opening or about fairness did not help .
On August 15 , 1971 , Nixon imposed a temporary surcharge of 10 % on imports `` to ensure that American products will not be at a disadvantage because of unfair exchange rates . ''
But this was due not to bilateral corrections in these countries ' trade relationships with the US , but mostly to their energy dependence and the decade 's energy price shocks .
This did not , however , imply a return to the 1930 's , in large part because energy dependence forced industrial countries to maintain an open trade regime so that they could earn the money to pay for oil and gasoline .
China today is not isolated in the way that Japan was in 1971 .
What Snow asked of China is an odd demand : we do not normally go into stores and ask the shopkeeper to raise his prices .
The US government under President Richard Nixon pressed the Germans and Japanese to revalue their currencies . The Germans did but the Japanese did not , infuriating the US Treasury Secretary , who tried his best to bully Japan .
John Connally complained that Japan had a `` controlled economy '' and did not play by the rules .
But the end of the fixed exchange-rate regime for industrial countries did not end activist management of currencies .
This approach is both unhealthy and immature , yet not necessarily very damaging .
But the opposition Labor Party was not convincing either , and had little in the way of an intellectual alternative .
And , because the party programs of the Labor government and the Conservative opposition are not clearly distinguishable , they find it hard to differentiate themselves from the Liberal Democrats .
Any major changes came not from deliberate decisions by central banks to reallocate reserves , but rather from the simple arithmetic of changing exchange rates : a stronger dollar raised the dollar 's share in total global reserves , while a weaker dollar reduced it .
It was an extraordinary demonstration not only of how difficult European leaders found coordinating their response to the crisis to be , but also of the strategic importance of a second reserve currency for the largest reserve currency .
More over , Japan in particular was not especially wealthy in an international comparison , and neither country had deep or well-developed capital markets .
Unlike the dollar and the pound , the yen and the Deutschemark did not depend on attracting foreign inflows .
It would be attractive not simply because the People 's Bank of China and other major Chinese institutions have massive overseas assets , but because China produces goods that the world 's consumers continue to want .
But , as a big country , China would not have the vulnerabilities of smaller strong currencies -LRB- the Norwegian krone or the Swiss franc , for example -RRB- .
And , as a provider of a reserve currency , China would not need to continue its own quest for reserves , which has been a major contributing factor to global financial instability .
We do not want to see another heart attack -- or another financial crisis .
But that is not necessarily reassuring news for the rest of the economy .
The aftermath of the crisis is thus likely to include not only enhanced bank regulation and heavier taxation of many banking activities , but also institutional devices to apply pressure on banks to lend more .
FLORENCE -- The news that China has overtaken Japan as the world 's second largest economy did not come as a surprise .
First , the good news : the economic side of the case . China 's response of to the world economic crisis is the central reason why the financial turbulence that emanated from the US sub-prime debacle did not completely destroy the world economy and lead to a repeat of the 1930 's Great Depression .
The surprising strength of the German economy , with more vigorous growth than at any time in the past 15 years , is due to the dynamism of emerging-market -- particularly Chinese -- demand , not only for investment goods , engineering products , and machine tools , but also for luxury consumer products .
It was not just Europe that benefited from China 's willingness to take on the mantle of `` lender of last resort . ''
It is not surprising that the greatest and strongest ideological opponent of the American way of life was not in distant Europe or Asia , but in Cuba , just 90 miles off the Florida coast .
The real challenge for China 's leaders will be to develop a coherent view of the world that does not scare the people just across the border .
But the report gave no guidance about how to judge whether exchange rates were appropriate or not .
There was apparent agreement on a new wave of coordinated interventions , but the agreed exchange rates did not hold .
The Louvre agreement was not just ineffective .
The recommendation , which contains a long section trying to show that Japan 's 1987 and 1988 experience was not damaging , will be read in China simply as a statement that the US wants China to follow Japan in committing what amounts to economic hara-kiri .
That is not a helpful message , given the current state of the world economy .
But the problem is that the world 's central banks do not sing from the same hymnbook .
US President Herbert Hoover 's administration did not initially respond to the depression by emphasizing the need for fiscal austerity .
At the moment , there has not been widespread revulsion against all government debt , and some countries today clearly have better access than others to capital markets , enabling them to finance their deficits externally .
When that bubble collapses , it will hit not just the weaker countries -- the equivalent of sub-prime mortgages -- but also stronger creditors .
Today 's crisis started in rich industrial countries -- not only with sub-prime mortgages in the United States , but also with mismanagement of banks and public debt in Europe .
Banks had reassured themselves with the belief that countries could not become insolvent .
By 2011 , anti-globalization rhetoric had largely faded , and globalization is thought of as not something to be neither fought nor cheered , but as a fundamental characteristic of the human story , in which disparate geographies and diverse themes are inextricably intertwined .
Would it not be desirable just to hide losses until uncertainty passed and confidence returned ?
But government dishonesty is not that different .
But misrepresentation is not just at the heart of financial and economic crises ; it is also the stuff that drives revolutions .
Choking off the flow of information leads to distortion , not confidence .
At that time , it was often argued that price spikes for petroleum or other commodities were somehow `` extraneous '' to the system , and not a reflection of the real basis of monetary policy in the industrial countries .
Given that food and energy prices respond to monetary developments , and thus are not exogenous , the concept of `` core inflation '' obviously becomes problematic , to say the least .
It is easy to suspect that this is not just a concession to changing social mores , but that it also reflects a desire to include as many declining prices as possible .
A better approach is to think of the longer-term story as being one of changes in relative prices , which are not well handled by a consumer price index .
PRINCETON -- There are historical precedents for sovereign-debt defaults by the countries of Europe 's southern periphery , but they are not instantly attractive ones .
The initial approach was to link policy improvements in the borrowing countries not only with help from international institutions , but also with additional lending from the banks -- which seemed to defy the most elementary canons of sensible bank behavior .
It was not very imaginative : Banks and multilateral development institutions should all lend more , and the debtors should continue their efforts to improve their macroeconomic policies .
Why not avoid seven years of misery , and begin some similar rescue operation now that could lead to a return to economic vigor and dynamism ?
The most obvious answer is that at an earlier stage in the Latin American saga , the banks simply could not have afforded to take such losses on their capital .
The initiative for the Brady Plan did not come from the official sector at all .
In Germany , the Dresdner Bank and the Landesbanken could not afford to take such a hit .
Calling for a European Brady plan today does not guarantee the necessary conditions for such a plan to succeed .
On all fronts , there has not been much progress .
Recapitalization has not yet reached the point where there are enough strong banks .
The convention that the IMF 's managing director needs to be a West European is not written down anywhere , least of all in the Fund 's Articles of Agreement .
Appointing an Asian political icon would merely change the names of the players ; it would not reinvent the game .
The issue of food is , however , intimately tied to a host of much broader economic issues , which the international community is not properly addressing .
By contrast , branded products , into which producers have sunk major investments in securing the market , have prices that are much stickier and do not reflect the effects of monetary policy as rapidly .
Food prices are usually not limited in their effects to one country alone .
It was not just that he was Australian ; he also brought new ideas .
The Arab Spring has been in large part a movement against corrupt family capitalism , embodied not only in ruling families like the Ben Alis , the Mubaraks , and the Assads , but also in the large family business empires that depended on and supported them .
They are vulnerable to an Arab Spring -LRB- and a British summer -RRB- -- and maybe to a US autumn that will focus not just on the Murdochs ' business , but also on its interplay with politics .
Can Europe 's common currency survive ? No less a figure than former United States Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has now declared that it can not .
Then they awaken to the reality that not much has really changed , and that in a few weeks or months the problems will reappear in a seemingly even more intractable form .
The turbulence reinforces the lesson -- fundamental to the rationale of establishing the euro -- that ordinary people and businesses should not be exposed to exchange-rate risk .
Most glaringly , the question of how to allocate the costs of some member countries ' unsustainable debt overhang has not been adequately addressed .
It is easy to conclude that no one is in charge : not the national governments , and certainly not the ineffective European Commission in Brussels , with which the large member countries seem to be practically at war .
European governments are not in a position to instruct the ECB to purchase government bonds .
And this time , the financial mechanisms involved are not highly complex structured financial products , but one of the oldest financial instruments in the world : government bonds .
In 2007-2008 , it was homeowners who could not keep up with payments ; now it is governments .
The economists ' commonplace that a monetary union demands a fiscal union is only part of a much deeper truth about debt and obligation : debt is rarely sustainable if there is not some sense of communal or collective responsibility .
One consequence is that international markets are not as dynamic as they might be , and prosperity not as widespread .
They were then punished for a few years by not having access to international capital markets .
In some cases , as in the Ottoman Empire or Egypt , creditors restructured finances by force or the threat of it . But gunboat diplomacy was not necessarily a part of the resolution of debt problems .
Such a system worked as long as events in one country did not have a negative impact on other borrowers and there was no systemic risk or systemic contagion .
The defaults of that time were not confined to one country , but swept across the globe in a contagious panic that destroyed financial systems in lending as well as borrowing countries .
Since there were no substantial capital flows for a long time , this did not matter at first .
After that , the IMF began to encourage some countries to renegotiate debt rather than seek new money , at least if they were relatively small scale borrowers such as Ukraine or Pakistan and thus could not endanger the whole system .
Argentina 's other threat , not to repay the IMF , challenged the old system just as profoundly and seemed for some to be a justified response to years of bad policy advice from the IMF and the G-7 countries .
This approach has an important advantage : it would not require the redenomination of bank assets or liabilities .
This is not a novel thought .
One of the possibilities raised in the discussions on monetary union in the early 1990 's was that a common currency might not mean a single currency .
That possibility is not just a theoretical construct in fringe debates two decades ago ; it is a real historical alternative .
The family firm has a vastly different logic , and often does not want to become too big .
Its problems should not be seen as a test of family capitalism , but rather of the dangers that come from the temptation to break out of the old order .
In the 1920 's , the world economy was reconstructed around a fixed exchange rate regime in which many countries held their reserves not in gold -LRB- as was the practice before the First World War -RRB- but in foreign exchange , especially in British pounds sterling .
But this does not apply to China , Japan , or India , whose exports are diversified .
Today 's big surplus countries do not need large reserves .
Europeans may be more cheerful , believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world , but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class .
Such rapid industrial rises are rare , but not unprecedented .
It did not matter that the catch-up countries ' economic `` miracles '' were produced in part by illiberal policies guided by government bureaucracies . The outcome was an endorsement of the lessons of economic liberalism .
The Economic Benefits of Disease Control SAN FRANSISCO -- Large parts of the world have not enjoyed the remarkable global progress in health conditions that have taken place over the past century .
The key difference between now and then is not income but technical knowledge about the causes of disease , and interventions to prevent disease , or at least the most pernicious symptoms .
Heart disease might not seem like a pressing issue for poor nations , but it represents more than a quarter of their death toll .
A `` Vienna Declaration , '' endorsing harm reduction -- and emphasizing drug policy based on science , not ideology -- was launched at the meeting , and gathered more than 10,000 signatories .
Sometimes this crust is strong enough to carry a person and sometimes not , much like the hard ice crust that develops on snow in colder climates .
The extent of destruction of Iraqi tanks during this war is not yet public information , but the same ground pollution can be expected .
Whether they explode or not , these compounds are hardly benign environmentally , posing risks for both ecosystems and human health .
Unfortunately , Africa 's wars -- in Congo , Rwanda and Burundi , Liberia , Sierre Leone , and the Ivory Coast -- have not yet received the attention they require .
A high-tech armed conflict has different -- and not necessarily more benign -- effects than one fought with machetes .
But not only people were horrifically abused . Iraq 's environment was tormented as well .
The risk was that the seed might grow moldy during the long , humid ocean transport to Iraq if it was not dressed with some fungicide .
Farmers were left with a pink grain that they were told not to eat , only to plant .
Thus , goes the argument , the second law of thermodynamics is not contrary to the existence of life ; rather , it is the cause of life .
So life , at long last , has a higher meaning in the eyes of science - even if serving the second law of thermodynamics is not exactly what the religiously faithful had in mind .
But man was not alone in feeling the impact .
The situation on Sumatra is similarly grim , and it is perhaps even worse in the Maldives , Laccadives , Andamans , and Nikobar islands , where not only fishermen and boats were lost , but harbors were ruined .
In most parts of the world , customs agencies are not especially focused on CFC 's , and the compounds are not easy to distinguish from HFC 's without sophisticated analytical equipment .
If the latter , that is bad enough , but the answer is not self-evident , and the whole question of organized crime and the illegal trade with CFC 's demands attention .
Most people engaged in these activities would respond with answers like , `` because I like to '' or , `` because it fulfills me , '' if not , `` I feel obliged not to waste my talent . ''
But to squeeze cultural excellence into the group of characteristics defining `` the fittest '' is not so easy and requires some leap of faith .
As Darwin did not believe that pure aesthetics would guide female peacocks and lions in their choice of mating partners , he had to find a rational reason for females ' preference for males with hindering characteristics .
If someone can do difficult things , not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lion mane , but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival , and yet stay alive , that individual must have especially good genes .
It does not help much to sing pop songs or opera arias in the bathroom .
Likewise , the amateur painter does not increase her or his attractiveness much compared to a van Gogh or a Picasso .
A vanity press autobiography does not bring you to the top .
Reaching the top requires not only talent and luck , but also a lot of practices -- that is , time wasted from the point of view of survival .
Naturally , self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required . The mechanism works all the same .
The number of people killed as a result of Israel 's offensive in Lebanon at the time of this writing is reported to be roughly 800 Lebanese and 120 Israelis -- not an atypical ratio for Arab-Israeli conflicts .
Moreover , bombs and grenades not only ignite buildings , but also grass , bushes , and trees .
There have also been reports , more often on the Internet than in the press , about despairing Lebanese doctors , who , not recognizing the wounds patients have sustained after Israeli air strikes , have described what they see and asked colleagues around the world for help .
One such type of wound reportedly resembles second-degree burns over large parts of bodies , but with the hairs intact -- not a typical reaction to fire and heat .
The last word probably has not been heard .
Lebanon can not afford to pay anything close to such a sum .
Blowouts were not infrequent , but most occurred on land or in shallow water , and most could be stopped relatively easily .
Standard aerial or satellite imaging techniques to measure the quantity of oil spilled do not work well .
Pemex tried to put a device called a `` sombrero '' over the Ixtoc leak to collect the oil at the ocean floor , but the plan failed because the structure could not be kept in place .
Formation of methane hydrate was noted , but was not decisive .
Whether or not to `` disperse '' oil has been a key strategic question since combating spills began in earnest in the 1960 's .
But the death tolls of the past need not become the world 's future .
Money not spent on tobacco would be spent on other goods and services .
Indeed , even sharply reduced demand for tobacco would not mean unemployment in most countries .
Another common argument against tobacco control -- that if people are not harming others , governments should not interfere with their individual decisions -- is at odds with both common sense and the evidence .
Recently , no less than William F Buckley has argued that nicotine addiction can not be dismissed as free choice .
Moreover , recent economic research finds that higher taxes are justified on welfare grounds , because the costs to smokers are huge -LRB- even though the external costs to others might be small -RRB- , and that higher cigarette taxes do not hurt the poor -LRB- since the self-control value of higher taxes helps the poor more -RRB- .
Nobel laureate Amartya Sen wisely reminds us that `` it is important that the practical case for tobacco control is not dismissed on the basis of an incomplete libertarian argument . ''
Developing countries must not be fooled by the empty economic arguments that paralyzed control efforts in the West for so long .
Dictatorship is not only safe in China , but , at least for now , it is on the offensive .
But not forever .
That is only fitting : an award for moral courage ought not to be compromised by those offering it .
Human rights and freedom can be made to disappear not only from Web sites , but also from reality .
Japan is not only one of China 's largest trade and investment partners , it is also the most powerful neighbor with which China wants to be on good terms , partly to showcase that China 's rise is not a threat to Asia and the rest of the world .
Japan , whose economic recovery is attributable largely to its deepening ties with China in recent years , is also eager to demonstrate that it regards China not as a threat but as an opportunity , as least in economic terms .
Even after many rounds of talks , no resolution is in sight , and Hu 's visit is not expected to produce any breakthroughs .
While Fukuda has made it clear that he will not visit the Yasukuni Shrine , 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month , an indication that conservative forces in Japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting Yasukuni .
Fast approaching is not only the March anniversary of last year 's disturbances in Tibet , but also the 50th anniversary of the Tibetan unrest in 1959 that led to the exile of the Dalai Lama and his supporters .
The world should not misjudge the effect of such troubles on China .
But , in 2009 , it would not hurt if China 's leadership also took note of the need to continue assuring the world of its commitment to a `` peaceful rise , '' and to do so by boldly addressing some of the unresolved issues that this year 's anniversaries will highlight .
It is heavily in debt , but can not stop spending and borrowing .
China 's critics argue that its claims to a peaceful rise are not credible , given the country 's non-democratic , one-party system .
Increased interdependence has not led to better understandings on even some of the most basic issues .
Are we preparing for a war against each other ? '' Biden , while reaffirming that the US does not view China as an enemy , implied that Fu 's worries are not fanciful , saying that the worst scenario is a misunderstanding that leads to an unintended conflict .
So the key issue for China , its neighbors , the US , and rest of the world is not how many aircraft carriers , missiles , submarines , and next-generation fighters China may produce and deploy in the coming years and decades .
Rather , it is how China intends to use its newly acquired economic and military strength in pursuing its domestic and foreign-policy goals -- and how the world 's leading powers can ensure that they do not end up harming each other by accident or misunderstanding .
A Cold War-style confrontation and containment policy from the West will be met with strong resistance from the Chinese , whose global leverage , particularly in finance , can not be ignored .
This is in line with the Party 's recently announced policy that the next generation of leaders should have an average age of around 55 years , with up to four top positions filled by leaders not yet in their fifties .
In retrospect , the breakthrough legislation -- not just for the US , but also internationally -- was the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 .
But ever-bigger business also had a profound social impact , and here the ledger entries were not all in the positive column .
The Sherman Act itself did not change this situation overnight , but , once President Theodore Roosevelt decided to take up the cause , it became a powerful tool that could be used to break up industrial and transportation monopolies .
Why are these antitrust tools not used against today 's megabanks , which have become so powerful that they can sway legislation and regulation massively in their favor , while also receiving generous taxpayer-financed bailouts as needed ?
The banks do not have monopoly pricing power in the traditional sense , and their market share -- at the national level -- is lower than what would trigger an antitrust investigation in the non-financial sectors .
This is not a theoretical possibility -- such risks manifested themselves quite clearly in late 2008 and into early 2009 .
And Kanjorski probably is right that not much would be required . `` If just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers -LRB- to break up too-big-to-fail banks -RRB- just once , '' he says , `` it will send a powerful message , '' one that would `` significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more . ''
The problem with this approach is that Medicare is not particularly generous to begin with .
Another obvious step to consider is to phase out the tax exclusion for employer-sponsored health plans , which would not only increase revenue , but also end the distorting effects of employer subsidization of health care .
Irish and EU politicians should take the lead in making these tough decisions , but the current leadership will not .
But , because the Chinese financial system remains tightly controlled and the options for investors are very limited , the usual inflationary consequences have not followed .
Its handling of the Asian financial crisis in 1997-1998 severely antagonized leading middle-income emerging-market countries -- and they still believe that the Fund does not have their interests at heart .
That was not a good idea , as it led to a massive -LRB- for the time -RRB- debt crisis in 1982 .
The benefits of default are the savings on future payments by the government -- especially payments to non-residents , who can not vote .
Likewise , an IMF program for Ireland -- which seems increasingly likely -- will not bring down domestic bond yields and reopen credit markets to any kind of Irish borrower .
Given the vulnerability of so many eurozone countries , it appears that Merkel does not understand the immediate implications of her plan .
Drastic action is needed to prevent European bond markets from drying up . Trichet has said repeatedly that current ECB interventions do not target interest rates .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Democratic and Republican leaders in Washington are suddenly falling over themselves to agree on the need for major tax cuts -- affecting not just middle-class Americans , but also very rich people -LRB- both living and when they die -RRB- .
There 's nothing wrong with worrying about the disincentive effect of higher taxes , but the extreme version put forward by Reagan did not really apply to the United States .
But there is a broader Reagan-type reasoning at work here : unemployment is high , the economy is not growing fast enough , and we `` need a fiscal stimulus . '' For those who generally like lower taxes , of course , this , too , is wishful thinking .
It is worth stimulating the economy with discretionary fiscal policy only occasionally -- specifically , when not doing so would be calamitous .
But that is not the real danger here .
In December , the Republican minority on the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission -LRB- FCIC -RRB- , weighed in with a preemptive dissenting narrative . According to this group , misguided government policies , aimed at increasing homeownership among relatively poor people , pushed too many into taking out subprime mortgages that they could not afford .
And , to be blunt , it was some of Wall Street 's biggest players , not overleveraged homeowners , who received generous government bailouts in the aftermath of the crisis .
In other words , the big winners from `` financial innovation '' of all kinds over the past three decades have not been the poor -LRB- or even the middle class -RRB- , but the rich -- people already highly paid .
But this was not a case of over-regulating and over-reaching .
These people did not cause the crisis . But they are paying for it .
The dollar has depreciated in a way that helps global adjustment and fortunately does not disrupt the US government securities market ; long-term rates are in fact down from July , so adjustment has been `` orderly . ''
But expanding demand and allowing real effective exchange rate appreciation in China will not be enough if other countries do not do their part .
The politics is not so simple , but we need cooperation between countries to reduce these risks , and we need it now .
Ordinarily , you might expect House Republicans to blink at this stage of the negotiations , but there is a hardline minority that actually appears to think that defaulting on government debt would not be a bad thing .
Depending on your assessment of `` Tea Party '' strength on Capitol Hill , at least a partial debt default does not seem as implausible as it did in the past -- and recent warnings from ratings agencies reflect this heightened risk .
There would be a massive run into cash , on an order not seen since the Great Depression , with long lines of people at ATMs and teller windows withdrawing as much as possible .
America 's ability to export would also be undermined , because foreign markets would likely be affected , and because , in any case , if export firms can not get credit , they most likely can not produce .
Issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary , but the Fed might conclude otherwise , because the US has never been in this situation before , credit is now imploding , and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared .
The House and Senate Republicans who do not want to raise the debt ceiling are playing with fire .
They are advocating a policy that would have dire effects , and that would accomplish the opposite of what they claim to want , because a default would immediately make the government more , not less , important .
The only law that Congress can not repeal is the law of unintended consequences .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Traditionally , `` you should go to the IMF '' was not something you would say to friendly neighbors and close allies .
But , with Greece and other troubled euro-zone economies -LRB- known to their detractors as the PIIGS : Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- having surrendered monetary policy to the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- in Frankfurt , their currencies can not fall in this fashion .
The idea is not to prevent necessary adjustments -- for example , in the form of budget-deficit reduction -- but to spread them out over time , to restore confidence , and to serve as an external seal of approval on a government 's credibility .
This is partly because German Chancellor Angela Merkel , currently maneuvering to ensure that a German is the next head of the ECB , does not want the Fund to become more involved in euro-zone policies .
We can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from EU sources for excluding the IMF : `` the Fund is too American , '' `` Europe must resolve its own problems , '' and `` the IMF is not appropriate to our circumstances . ''
This is not good news for Greece -- or for anyone who cares about global financial stability .
Greece simply can not afford to repay its debt at interest rates that reflect the inherent risk .
This problem is widely acknowledged , not just by officials but by bankers themselves .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration 's proposed approach to ending `` too big to fail '' -- now taken up by the US Congress -- will not work .
Applying this process to large banks and to financial institutions that are not formally banks -- and that do not have insured retail deposits -- sounds fine on paper .
You have Senator Dodd 's Resolution Authority and you enter the decisive meeting determined not to save the troubled bank -- or , at worst , to save it with a substantial `` haircut '' -LRB- i.e. , losses -RRB- for unsecured creditors .
The existence of a US resolution authority does not help contain the damage or limit the panic arising from a big global bank in trouble .
Senator Dodd 's bill , as currently drafted , will not end `` too big to fail . ''
We do not yet know what combination of black-box computer programs and electronic trading algorithms , interacting across more than 50 market centers , caused this catastrophe .
Yet it still does not routinely collect the data that it needs -- trades by time and customer -- to understand the actions and impact of large traders .
We can not merely rely on regulators to do the right thing .
Unfortunately , despite his newfound prominence on the national stage , Kaufman will be out of office at the end of this year -- he was appointed to fill Vice President Joe Biden 's seat at the end of 2008 and committed at that time not to run for re-election .
Of course , it is not politically correct to call them bailouts -- the preferred language of policymakers is `` liquidity support '' or `` systemic protection . ''
Similarly , if the eurozone had not stepped in -- with the help of the International Monetary Fund -- to protect Greece and its creditors in recent months , we would have faced further financial distress in Europe and perhaps more broadly .
As a result , all financial institutions gain a powerful incentive to bulk up -LRB- and borrow more -RRB- in hope of also becoming bigger and therefore `` safer '' -LRB- from creditors ' point of view , not from a social perspective . -RRB-
Top US policymakers acknowledge that this structure of incentives is a problem -- interestingly , many of their European counterparts are not yet willing even to discuss these issues openly .
Unfortunately , this is simply not the case .
Whether the world economy grows now at 4 % or 5 % matters , but it does not much affect our medium-term prospects .
The US financial sector received an unconditional bailout -- and is not now facing any kind of meaningful re-regulation .
The Next Industrial Revolution NEW YORK -- A new global deal to tackle climate change will not only be good for business , it is crucial to achieve sustainable growth for the global economy .
This argument is based on the idea that business does not like change , and in particular does not like change brought about by government policy or regulation .
The effort requires significant investment , not least in infrastructure development in both the developed and developing world .
Unfortunately , this intuitively simple expectation does not fit with what actually happens in most industrialized countries .
But reform should not be confined to public retirement systems .
But reform of early retirement rules should not completely cut off access to social insurance programs before , say , age 60 .
The hard work of building facilities for enriching uranium is precisely what the Iranians are now already doing , if not yet in sufficient quantity to make a bomb , which might take them five or ten more years to acquire .
Of course , this does not mean that once Iran has adequate enrichment facilities , it will make a bomb .
But it is capacity , not intention , that counts .
President Bush now argues that all along it has been the above-board enrichment of uranium , not some other , secret program , that carries Iran ever closer to having nuclear weapons .
I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to . Soon after I began to recount my observations , he took me to a map of Vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction .
What he did not know was that the article was book-length . It took three days to dictate it into the general 's Dictaphone .
I had not known , he thought , that `` The population is totally hostile ... '' Indeed , in the eyes of the Viet Cong , `` the Viet Cong are the people . ''
Thus , the main reason for not fighting the war in the first place , namely the perfectly obvious hatred of the majority of the population for the American invasion and occupation , became a justification for the war .
When I next spoke at length with McNamara , in 1998 , it was not about Vietnam but about nuclear arms , on which we agreed as much as we had disagreed about Vietnam .
Many of McNamara 's critics assert -- rightly , I think -- that he stopped short of full understanding , that he sought to hold fast to claims of noble intentions that the record could not sustain .
Is there anyone on earth who does not know that a guerilla war can not be won without winning the `` hearts and minds '' of the people ?
Most of those lessons were in fact known -- though not publicly admitted -- before the US escalated the war in Vietnam .
Urged by Senator Mike Mansfield to withdraw from Vietnam , he replied that he did not want another `` China in Vietnam . ''
There is unmistakable continuity between Joseph McCarthy 's attacks on President Harry Truman 's administration for `` losing '' China , and for supposed `` appeasement '' and even `` treason '' and Dick Cheney 's and Karl Rove 's refrains assailing Obama for opposing the Iraq war , not to mention Sarah Palin 's charge during the election campaign that Obama had been `` palling around with terrorists . ''
Wilson is fingered as the originator of `` progressivism , '' which in turn , is -- believe it or not -- also identified as the point of origin of Nazism and Bolshevism .
Since roughly 1994 , when Newt Gingrich engineered the Republican takeover of the US House of Representatives , Republicans have taken to calling themselves `` revolutionaries '' -- not a word often found on the lips of conservatives .
When the ransom could not be raised , one was beheaded .
Peace in the region , and within Pakistan , depends on the answer to this question , which only Pakistani civil society -- not the US , NATO , or any `` surge '' -- can provide .
Likewise , dreams of cultural links with Central Asia by themselves do not make Pakistan a boundary between it and the teeming masses of India .
Indeed , the question in this region is not whether the war on terror can be wound down , but whether Pakistan , which in many ways has become Islamic terrorism 's nexus , is doing all that it can to fight it .
The US would certainly like Pakistan to eliminate the leadership of the Taliban , both Afghan and Pakistani , but will not lean too heavily on Pakistan 's rulers to accomplish this goal .
Without an all-out effort to do so , the terrorized population will not lend us support . ''
But the US , let alone the Pakistani government , may not have the will to act with such determination .
Today , the world seems to be entering a period when , if not a hundred , at least a dozen varieties of Weltpolitik are being pursued by great and emerging powers alike .
The International Atomic Energy Agency has not ruled against the agreement , and I am informed that the Brazilian\/Turkish brokered deal does not violate the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , to which Iran , as a signatory , is obliged to adhere .
And Iran simply wants to show once again that it will not kowtow to the `` Great Satan . ''
Ancient rivalries and atavistic feuds may or may not be part of this ; only future crisis will tell .
With the entire world affected by turmoil in the Persian Gulf and greater Middle East , perhaps that is all to the good . Surely , the national interests of the US and the West are not the only ones that matter .
If it is not used now , it will dissipate .
Simply copying American , British , or other Western policies and institutions will not work .
Moreover , India is not China ; it can not be -- indeed , it must not be .
That is why it should not hanker after any ersatz export-led or state-directed growth .
But this does not mean that agriculture should be neglected ; on the contrary , it remains a way of life for many millions of Indians , who need capital and new technology .
It is not the amount of money allocated by government that matters .
India does not need more laws .
It does not need more regulations , but rather a vastly larger canvas for individual freedom and opportunity .
Yet , despite the relative youth of this research , a clear consensus has emerged : climate change -- for which human activity is significantly , though not exclusively , responsible -- now threatens our way of life , so we must develop the means to combat it .
These are essential human rights , and they can be realized only through economic growth , not stagnation .
But it is important not to stop there .
If not , we must bear in mind the warning of the Stern Report that failure to act now would make taking action in the future much more costly .
The sad truth , though , is that the solution of mixing quotas and taxes will not deliver results quickly enough to bring about a genuine and immediate move to low-carbon or even carbon-free economies .
But malfunctioning formal institutions do not mean that there are no functioning structures at all .
For all of their success , South Africa 's mini-taxis could not escape high accident rates , violent incidents over un-commissioned routes and fare levels , and tax evasion , which imposed high costs on society , prompting the government to regulate the service .
Given the complexity of institutional reform , striving for what appears to be optimal might not always be the best approach .
But this is still not enough : it is generally acknowledged that average growth rates of around 6-8 % are required if Africa is to make real headway in curtailing poverty .
What the North African situation has taught us is that we must humbly accept that we may not always have had the right responses in the past .
The lesson from the North African uprisings is clear : this was a revolution not about ideology , but about freedom , social inclusion , political voice , and government accountability .
Indeed , scientists have not only identified some of the brain pathways that shape our ethical decisions , but also chemical substances that modulate this neural activity .
I suspect that many will agree with this view . They will agree that our ability to distinguish right from wrong is something precious that we should safeguard , not a broken clock that scientists should fix .
But this does not mean that we are morally good , or good enough .
We could all be morally better , but it is clear that this traditional approach can not take us much further .
It is not as if people would suddenly begin to behave better if we just gave them more facts and statistics , or better arguments .
Governments must not be given the power to control its citizens ' moral code -- we know that if they had such power , they would misuse it .
Moreover , prosecutors ' efforts to uncover the truth are not a campaign to discredit the Turkish army , as some allege ; nor has the exposure of `` Sledgehammer '' led to an emerging showdown between `` secularists '' and `` Islamists . ''
Indeed , the EU 's progress reports on Turkey have consistently raised the issue of the military 's disproportionate power in Turkish politics , and the fact that some officers do not seem to accept that they are subject to civilian control .
Some critics dismiss this planning as just `` war games , '' not to be taken seriously .
The legal investigations now underway do not mark a showdown between Islamists and secularists , nor are they a campaign to discredit Turkey 's generals .
But the rise of India and China means that the time-tested posture of Western democracies toward emerging states to `` do as we say , not as we do '' will become less tenable .
If the EU and the US want democratic India to act according to its stated moral values and not its vital national interests when these appear to conflict , they had better be prepared to do the same .
But the credibility of all democratic regimes , not just India 's , is at stake in what unfolds in Myanmar .
Subsistence farming of traditional food grains , fruits , and vegetables is giving way to cash crops and monocultures dependent on high-priced inputs that small farmers can not afford and water that they ca n't provide .
While well intentioned , the new budget 's lavish loan forgiveness scheme will not help those farmers who most need relief : 80 % of India 's farmers have no access to formal credit , and it is bank loans that are to be forgiven .
A policy of expanding legitimate micro-lending schemes and prosecuting illegal loan sharks , not to mention the promotion of sustainable agricultural practices that require fewer expensive -LRB- and environmentally dangerous -RRB- inputs , would do far more to help India 's poorest farmers than this expensive and misguided measure .
The lesson of the 2004 election , when poorer voters , fed up with the previous BJP-led government 's `` India Shining '' policies and slogans , threw it out of office , has not been forgotten .
Poor voters may not associate the largesse with the Congress-led government in New Dehli , but rather with the state governments that actually hand out the goods .
Indeed , an astounding 87 % of Indians polled said that they did not think the election mattered to them .
India , presumably , will not be one of them .
President Obama must shift the fundamental basis of the US-India relationship away from a strategic partnership based on a militarized notion of security toward a holistic vision of human security in which military force plays an appropriate but not a defining role .
The essential challenge before him and his country is not transitioning from a more to a less state-directed economic system , as many of those cheering Congress 's electoral victory believe .
When asked what he thought about Western civilization , Gandhi famously replied , `` It would be a good idea . '' He also said that `` Earth provides enough to satisfy every man 's need , but not every man 's greed . ''
Rahul Gandhi bears the name , if not the lineage , of the Mahatma -LRB- to whom he is not related -RRB- .
Dissidents picked up by the police but not formally arrested sometimes wind up in re-education camps or in psychiatric hospitals run by the public security bureau .
Those sentenced to two - or three-year terms of `` re-education through labor '' are not included in the statistics on endangering state security released by Procurator General Han .
The very idea still incites howls of protest in Asia - not least in Japan , where popular attachment to the country 's postwar `` peace '' constitution remains powerful .
Of course , the obligation of the Self-Defense Forces not to engage in offensive combat operations remains unchanged .
Those with bitter memories of Japanese behavior half a century ago should be reassured ; this debate is about how to defend peace , not about how to promote or wage war .
A rich and powerful Japan in a region as dangerous as East Asia can not go on playing military bit parts forever .
That Prime Minister Abe and Chinese President Hu Jintao agreed that a North Korean nuclear test `` can not be tolerated '' suggests that this new activism may help to stabilize Asian security .
If Abe is to create the `` beautiful country '' that he promised in his policy speech , he must not lose momentum in exercising strong leadership .
However , efforts to promote this kind of cooperation should not be confined to these mid-level powers .
This trinity is not something new for Japan , but has deep historical roots .
Even if dangerous situations arise , the Self-Defense Forces , and Japan itself , must not flinch .
Japanese textbooks , indeed , hardly touch upon the enormous economic aid that Japan has given to China - which , not surprisingly , is ignored completely in China 's history curriculum .
The Asian Football Cup highlighted not only China 's growing nationalism , but also the parlous state of relations with Japan .
For example , while the likelihood of an invasion threat is judged to be low , the Defense White Paper of 2004 argues that the SDF 's `` most fundamental function '' is to prepare for the worst , because sufficient defensive power can not be developed overnight .
Of course , defense capability can not be judged solely according to force levels .
The importance of ASW capability in the Western Pacific has not waned .
What lay behind the declaration was the regime 's recognition that a second-term Bush administration would not soften its demand for a complete repudiation of its nuclear program , but would instead continue to pursue policies aimed at isolating and stifling North Korea .
Thus , whereas North Korea 's announcement of its nuclear capability strongly condemned Japan and the US , it did not mention China , Russia , and South Korea , which had been more conciliatory during the six-party talks .
Indeed , in withdrawing from the six-party talks , North Korea did not completely abandon the possibility of resolving the nuclear standoff through dialogue .
The decision , coming at the cabinet 's regular meeting on February 15th , was not intended to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's 63rd birthday the following day . But it did show that Japan 's government , having long suspected that North Korea already possessed nuclear weapons , would not be intimidated into a fundamental policy change by confirmation of the threat .
If North Korea is , indeed , continuing to develop not only its nuclear arsenal , but also various types of ballistic missiles , in defiance of international commitments , it is truly a rogue state .
But dialogue with the Kim regime can not be an end in itself .
Across Japan , there is a growing view that some of these policies can not wait for constitutional amendment .
China seeks not only to secure its energy supplies , but to achieve broader security goals .
In the past , such a combination of countries was almost unthinkable , and these exercises can not be explained away as simple `` one-off '' affairs with little resonance .
The SCO provides China not only with a platform to confront the existing US-led alliance in the Asia-Pacific region , but is increasingly being used to prevent the formation of a US-led network to restrain China 's advance .
The question is not whether China rises to great-power status peacefully , but whether it intends to remain peaceful when it gets there .
In reality , Japan is not ready for this , because it still strongly adheres to `` self-imposed restraints '' against `` influence over other countries in security and defense , '' including weapons exports .
This is not the first time he has been arrested in Bulgaria .
Although I am a physicist , I began to study demography about15 years ago , in the belief that the key global problem was not so much the threat of nuclear annihilation as the dynamics of population growth .
Many observers argue that Russians are not having enough children because life is so harsh .
But the problem is not so simple .
Urlanis 's argument -- that men , not women , are the more delicate creatures -- is even more relevant now , with family life decaying , half of marriages ending in divorce , and the number of fatherless children rising to record levels .
`` If not , down with the law . ''
These values -- reflected in the way people dress , how they behave in public , and the language they speak -- are not the values of human life .
Where the intelligentsia is not directly complicit , its members have , simply by remaining silent , refused to accept the responsibility that accompanies freedom .
But I think the crisis is deeper , reflecting a lack of awareness of the paths and goals of human development -- an ignorance that can not be reduced to Western-style democracy or liberal ideas .
This year , however , the palpable relief and celebration will be tempered by the widely shared sense that all is not well in America .
The economic data are almost uniformly bleak and will not improve soon , and , while national security issues appear less pressing because of the financial crisis , they have hardly disappeared , given the tenuous situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the unresolved problems in Iraq , Iran , and North Korea .
While many had noted the extraordinary wealth transfer to oil-producing states and China , the implications of this were not fully appreciated .
It is not just that the US has become a debtor nation ; it is that large pools of capital and liquidity now reside in places like the Gulf region and China , with no sign of that trend reversing .
But , unlike then , the countries that are accumulating the capital today are not spending it on consumption -- remember the endless pictures of Saudi princes buying up real estate on the French Riviera -- but on investment , infrastructure , and education .
But China , which is Asia 's anchor , is not , and in a world where everyone else is falling down , the one left standing is that much taller .
President-elect Obama has shown pragmatism and realism , and seems to understand that accepting limitations is not weakness ; refusal to acknowledge reality is .
Indeed , even the growing split between Europe and America has not stemmed Russia 's loss of standing .
This is not entirely Russia 's fault ; but now the dialogue will have to be restarted , practically from scratch .
So far , this is not disastrous , though it is difficult to read what the Western media have to say about Russia and its leadership .
Russians should not lose heart ; but unless we understand the reasons for these failures , and make drastic corrections to our foreign policy , we are doomed to continue suffering defeats and losing status and influence , if not worse .
This is not due solely to our foreign policy , or even to dubious economic policies .
Western Geopolitics : An Infantile Disorder Recent statements from some American leaders and NATO representatives give the impression that not only Islamic and other radicals , but also quite civilized figures , are losing their grasp of reality and have begun acting irrationally .
Indeed , anti-American coalitions have appeared not only in the Middle East but also in Latin America , while some Western politicians have apparently sought to aggravate relationships with Russia and China in order to restore transatlantic solidarity and further weaken Europe .
For example , there is talk of installing anti-missile defense systems in Poland in proximity to the Russian border , supposedly to prevent terrorist missile strikes , which by definition can not reach Poland .
Every hill will become strategic , and every gully will become historic . They will be fought for , and bloodshed is not hard to imagine .
Some may , but it seems that the majority simply do not recall or consider the lessons of recent history .
Of course , Russia is not Serbia .
Many Russian officials will lose patience with Russia 's remaining a status-quo power , and one hopes that they will not seek confrontation .
Immeasurably larger damage will be done to Ukraine : it will lose a vital partner , one that perhaps has not always been ideal , but that nonetheless has never inflicted any damage and has never allied with other countries against it .
When the Soviet Union withdrew from Central and Eastern Europe , we Russians believed that NATO would not be extended to the countries and territories from which we had withdrawn .
Our hopes were not starry-eyed self-deception .
After all , the leaders of the United States and Germany had promised Mikhail Gorbachev that NATO would not expand eastward .
NATO , moreover , not only enlarged its membership , but also transformed itself from an anti-Communist defensive alliance into an offensive grouping -LRB- with operations in Yugoslavia , Iraq and Afghanistan -RRB- .
Moreover , NATO enlargement has meant that Europe itself has still not emerged from the Cold War .
My hope is that , when historians look back at Georgia 's attack on South Ossetia of last summer , the Ossetians , Russians , and Georgians killed in that war will be seen as having not died in vain .
Russian troops crushed Georgia 's army on the ground , but they also delivered a strong blow against the logic of further NATO expansion , which , if not stopped , would have inevitably incited a major war in the heart of Europe .
The US failed to unleash some new form of Cold War after the South Ossetian episode , not least because of the global financial and economic crisis .
Greater Europe , in which I include not only Russia , but also the US , needs a new peace treaty , or rather system of accords , that draw a line under Europe 's horrible twentieth century and thus prevent a historical relapse .
Countries not included in any of the current security systems would be able to join in the treaty and receive multilateral guarantees .
Emphasis should also be placed on establishing a new system for governing the global economy and finance , whose creation will be even more difficult if the confrontations of the Cold War are not resolved .
Europe is overcoming state nationalism , while Russia is building a nation state . Broken by history and not wishing to be ravaged by war again , Europeans have embraced compromise and renounced the direct use of force in international relations .
This emerging values gap is not an insurmountable obstacle to geostrategic rapprochement .
Yet NATO has not given up on further enlargement .
F aced with the impossibility of advantageous accession to Euro-Atlantic institutions , Russia is drifting fast towards alignment with China -- a `` younger brother , '' though a respected one . Russia 's `` Asian choice '' of today is not the same as the Slavophile\/Eurasian choice of the past .
Europe does not benefit from this estrangement either .
This is not only in Russian political and civilizational interest , but it also reflects our duty to the entire community of Euro-Atlantic nations , which is being weakened by the `` unfinished Cold War . ''
The few accords reached at the summit , although welcome , are not as significant as the impression that the summit created that world leaders are ready to work together to confront nuclear proliferation .
I do not .
Nuclear deterrence -- a threat to kill hundreds of thousands or millions of people -- is a concept that does not fit into traditional morals .
In a nearly perfect world , Russia and the US would not need large nuclear stockpiles .
We might then eventually recognize that eliminating nuclear weapons is not just a myth , but a harmful myth , and that nuclear weapons are a useful asset that has saved , and may continue to save , humanity from itself .
But tactical weapons are not a serious threat to anybody .
Moreover , Russia is not interested in reducing this part of its nuclear arsenal significantly .
Of course , each side considered itself peaceful , and would not admit that it , too , had to be deterred .
America is no less militarily powerful nowadays than previously , but it does not look so strong to the wider world .
But , unfortunately , we are not such people , and nuclear weapons have played -- and continue to play -- a civilizing role in international relations : their use would be so horrible that we tailor our behavior accordingly .
After all , the mere possession of nuclear weapons , even if aimed at each other , does not turn countries into enemies .
But this does not spoil their remarkable bilateral relations ; on the contrary , it improves them .
But what is really needed is effective cooperation where it counts the most : containing the increasing instability in the Greater Middle East , ensuring that Afghanistan does not turn into yet another regional cancer , and preventing a chain reaction of nuclear proliferation in the region .
Similarly , Russia and the US need cooperation , not farcical rivalry , in developing new sea routes and possible energy deposits in the Arctic , and in interacting with China and other Asia-Pacific countries in joint development of the resource potential of Siberia and Russia 's Far East .
Russia will not be able to develop the region on its own . And developing it with China alone could prove to be a dangerous strategy .
As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized way , we can -- indeed , we must -- ensure that we do not become barbaric .
There is , of course , no Asian alternative to Russia 's cultural and political orientation towards Europe . But a partial economic reorientation towards Asia does not pose any real risk of disengagement from Europe ; on the contrary , over the past two years , Russia has officially made a decisive turn in favor of closer integration with the European Union .
There is no immediate geopolitical threat in this situation . Territorial expansion is not a Chinese historical trait , and the two countries have excellent political relations .
A modern Asian strategy for Russia -- call it `` Project Siberia '' -- should combine Russian political sovereignty with foreign capital and technologies . Investment should come not only from China , but also from the United States , Japan , South Korea , the ASEAN countries , and the EU , all of which are keen to prevent China 's exclusive dominance east of the Urals .
While the US will probably not achieve all of its goals in Iraq , the war has clearly confirmed and strengthened its global supremacy .
In light of even greater differences resulting from the enlargement , they are not likely to succeed in the near future .
It was not as bad as during Soviet times , when we used to side with the Third World against both America and Europe , but it was still not in Russia 's long-term interest .
Germany 's chancellor was not motivated by European goals , either , but took an anti-war stand on Iraq to deal with his own domestic problems : the weakness of his government and pacifist sentiments among the majority of Germans .
But close relations with the US do not mean that Russia must neglect its own interests , both political and economic .
In the context of Iraq , for example , Russia should constructively support the rebuilding effort , even if , as of now , its participation has not been sought .
But while supporting the new Iraqi government , Russia should not break off contacts , if they still exist , with moderate members of the Baath party , many of whom may come back to power .
Wise use of oil resources will not only provide a long-term foundation for Russia 's modernization , but will also enhance Russia 's geopolitical influence .
That crisis will not go away unless its sources are understood and the organization reformed .
The world might not support the US in its unilateral attempts to become the world 's policeman , especially because they may well bring more instability .
If Russia and the other countries that opposed America 's Iraq policy in the Security Council really wanted to convince the US not to attack Iraq and to defend international law , it was a naive policy doomed to failure .
The UN can not be preserved and reformed without cooperation from the US , however distressful this may be to some .
But the UN is not likely to reform itself from within .
What is it that we have not done right that makes us -- and the rest of the world -- less secure ?
After the liberation in 2001 , the international community concentrated on Afghanistan alone as the place to fight extremism and terrorism , while we Afghans argued that our country is not the right place to fight .
The war on terrorism can not be fought in Afghan villages .
But we were not heard . Regardless of whether that was the result of a lack of knowledge or a lack of will , events have proven us right .
Unless we collectively address the roots of the problem by ending that support , as well as financial support for radicalism in all forms , we will not defeat terrorism .
This has not been properly understood in the West , which has been fighting the symptoms of terrorism , but has failed to attack its underlying causes .
But that environment will not change if political will is lacking , and if there is no action by the US and the governments of the region to get our economies to create jobs that offer hope .
We have started to bring hope by educating young Afghans , but we have not yet succeeded in bringing them a secure life , free from the danger of bombs and aerial bombardment .
And if the two other conditions are fulfilled -- removal of political backing for radicalism and help for the desperate -- we will have a safer life not only in Afghanistan , but in Pakistan , India , and the rest of the world .
ASEAN can not afford to stand by idly . Neither can the international community .
At a time when rich countries like the United States are running deficits of 12 % of GDP because of the global financial meltdown , the IMF has been telling countries like Latvia and Ukraine , which did not start the crisis but have turned to the Fund to help combat it , that they must balance their budgets if they want aid .
We freely admit to not knowing everything about how a helicopter flies or a printing press prints , but we are not nearly modest enough about our ignorance .
People are often surprised and dismayed at their ignorance , but we are not generally bad at estimating how much we know .
We can be appropriately modest about our knowledge of other things , but not so about our ability to explain the workings of the world .
One can understand how a computer `` works '' in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved , or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen .
Others remember Rwanda , where President Bill Clinton later expressed regret for not acting to save innocent lives .
The situation in Libya today is not identical .
We can not wait for that to happen .
Qaddafi can not be allowed to think that he can massacre his people with impunity .
And he can not be free to make those attacks more lethal by using his airpower .
If the UN can not approve a resolution for implementing a no-fly zone , then the US and its allies in NATO and the Arab world must be prepared to prevent a massacre like the one that occurred in Srebrenica in 1995 , when more than 8,000 Bosnian men and boys were slaughtered .
Of course , imposing a no-fly zone would not be a panacea .
It probably would not tip the balance if the situation in Libya deteriorates into a full-scale civil war .
It is a tool that we should be ready to use if the situation warrants it , and it would signal to the opposition that it is not alone .
We must not allow them to be starved into submission .
The one option that should not be on the table is US ground troops ; no one wants to see US forces bogged down in another war , especially in another Muslim country .
And , as President Barack Obama has said , the Libyan people must not be deprived of full ownership of their struggle for freedom , and Qaddafi must not be given a useful foil and scapegoat .
If it does not , we should make clear that we will lead the free world to avoid the senseless slaughter of any more Libyan citizens by a madman bent on maintaining power .
An Old Problem on China 's New Frontier WARSAW -- Had the August 1991 putsch against Mikhail Gorbachev not failed , the riots and death recently seen in Xinjiang could have been taking place in Russia .
This is not a novel phenomenon .
When Herzen was writing his words , Moscow was not only busy successfully putting down the Poles , reasserting its rule there for another half-century , but also , together with China , carving up Central Asia , known then as Turkestan .
In the short and medium term , China 's rule in Xinjiang and Tibet seems secure : the international community will not challenge a Security Council member state .
Only its own citizens could do that , but Herzen 's package deal seems to prevent that : just like the Tibetans , the Uighurs elicit not Han solidarity , but a braying for their blood -- somewhat understandable , given that ordinary Han in Lhasa and Urumqi were made to pay with their own for China 's misdeeds .
It is therefore safe to assume that not only obscure academics and correspondents , but officials in Beijing as well , are now busy studying the history of the Ghulja uprising and of Osman Batur 's guerillas .
While some argue that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election is a foregone conclusion , the outcome is , in fact , not at all clear .
Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has repeatedly said in public settings that he will not declare his preference among the candidates .
But I have one vote , and I would not determine a certain candidate because the people themselves should choose their candidates based on their own knowledge . ''
Age , not social class , will determine the outcome of June 's election .
The populist policies of the past four years have not brought economic improvement .
His decision not to run disappointed many of them .
Standing in the wings is one possible candidate who might take up where Khatami left off and address the economic and cultural concerns of young Iranians . Though he has not announced his candidacy , Mohammad Baquer Qalibaf , now Mayor of Tehran and formerly the country 's chief of police , has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done .
But Qalibaf still has not taken the plunge .
It was not until the Iranian revolution that the seminary establishment came to be considered a source of political legitimacy .
Iran 's current supreme ruler , Seyyed Ali Khamenei , whose religious degree was a focus of suspicion in the seminary and among the clerical elite , was not considered a jurist by merit .
Iraq 's leading Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali Sistani , has not been able to act independently and has avoided opposing Iranian policies toward Iraq in order to protect his fragile network of institutions .
While Ahmedinejad continues his verbal attacks on the US , he does not control the policy-making apparatus that will decide about Iran 's nuclear program and its relations with the international community .
The threat of sanctions remains potent , and the Iranian business community -- not to mention the public -- has felt the sting of isolation .
Considering the tangled involvement of Iran 's leaders in the economy , the effect of sanctions should not be underestimated .
Ahmedinejad may be making increasingly challenging statements , but he does not have the authority to act on them .
But months later , it is clear that the danger is not past , because Iran has not renounced the production of nuclear weapons , which its enriched uranium could eventually be used to fuel .
Both failed , because Iran 's presidents do not run the country .
But the election results will not matter : parliament , too , has little influence over Iran 's foreign policy .
The West should learn from the example of Russian President Vladimir Putin , who did not travel to Iran until he was allowed a direct meeting with Khamenei , during which Putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off .
His clear priority is the Islamic Republic 's survival , not the fate of particular Iranian politicians .
While Ahmedinejad 's apocalyptic vision makes it difficult for westerners to deal with him , Khamenei does not want to stumble into a military confrontation with the West , which would destabilize Iran and possibly lead to the regime 's downfall .
To resolve outstanding issues with Iran , the West should be dealing with the only person powerful enough to make deals and deliver concessions . That person is Khamenei , not Ahmedinejad .
Iran 's Muddled Presidential Politics WASHINGTON , DC -- The decision of former Iranian president Mohammad Khatami not to seek the presidency again has revealed how muddled Iranian presidential politics now is . In trying to sort out this muddle , the most important thing to keep in mind is not so much who will be elected , but what that choice will reveal about the intentions of the country 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Who will actually win the vote is unpredictable , but not because Iran is democratic .
But Ahmadinejad 's unpopularity does not necessarily weaken his chances of being re-elected .
In order to manage the economic crisis successfully , any president must not only shift economic policy , but also amass enough political power to be able to thwart the intervention of the Revolutionary Guards and other organizations in economic policy-making .
Yet a Khatami victory would not have guaranteed change .
Khatami 's organizational savvy had not improved much since then .
Reformist critics believe that in order to mobilize people it will not be enough just to campaign against Ahmadinejad .
But reformists ask : if the Supreme Leader does not even permit the Khatami faction to have a newspaper , would he really have allowed Khatami to become president ?
Speculation about the outcome of the election is an interesting parlor game . But it should not distract us from the fundamentals of Iranian politics .
But , on the big issues of foreign policy , relations with the West , and the nuclear program , the identity of the president is not important .
These issues will be decided by a man who is not running for office in June , but whose power is secure : Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's Supreme Leader .
This view was not invented by Khamenei , but rather is drawn from the Koran and the Shiite tradition .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard have uniforms bearing a Koranic verse that reads , `` Make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can , to terrify thereby the enemy of God and your enemy , and others besides them that you know not ; God knows them . ''
It does not believe that sanctions can bring about its collapse .
Thus , external forces do not appear to pose much of a threat .
If not , these forces will work to undermine the state .
In this sense , the Iranian people can be regarded as a strategic ally of the West , not only because they want democracy at home and peace in the region , but because their continued protests offer the West the most effective leverage against the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program .
In either case , however , the democratic movement would not die .
Support of human rights and democracy in Iran is not only a matter of morality . It should be a strategic priority for the West .
Though Ahmadinejad received the Supreme Leader 's support in the face of large-scale protests against his re-election last year , Khamenei does not appear hesitant about limiting the president 's power .
But Ahmadinejad 's radical Islamist views and his support among religious , lower middle-class Iranians have not protected him from Khamenei .
But public diplomacy is not diplomacy itself .
It is clear that no one in Ahmadinejad 's inner circle -- certainly not the president himself -- has gained the Supreme Leader 's confidence .
It emerges from a president 's confidence that , as a popularly elected leader , he should not be constrained by the Supreme Leader 's oversight .
Ahmadinejad is not an exception to this rule .
He has given official propagandists the green light to attack Ahmadinejad and his cronies explicitly , portraying them as people who do not believe in the principle of the guardianship of the Shia jurist , the key concept bequeathed by the Islamic Republic 's founder , Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
But , since Khamenei can not accept a single , united political faction , it is extremely unlikely that he will let the Larijani camp -LRB- which includes Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf and former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati -RRB- become powerful enough to win the next presidential election .
WASHINGTON , DC -- Though Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir is alive and well in Washington , the plot to assassinate him may have succeeded -- if its aim was not to kill al-Jubeir , but rather Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's foreign policy .
If so , the plot 's target likely was not al-Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US -- namely , Ahmadinejad and his circle .
Only after five days did Ahmadinejad issue a statement denying the accusations -- and not as strongly as did Khamenei .
As a result , Ahmadinejad , in a further ironic twist , is seeking to glorify Iran 's pre-Islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that Khamenei does not want : greater openness to the West , particularly to the US .
If the judges are not reinstated , how can there be free and fair elections ?
So the dividing line in Pakistan is not between liberals and extremists , but between those who support the status quo and those who oppose it .
Parties that call themselves democratic are not only going along with Musharraf in this fraudulent election , but are also helping to restore the status quo .
The solution to dysfunctional democracy is not military dictatorship , but more democracy .
The problem has been that because we have lacked an independent judiciary , we have not had an independent election commission .
Fourteen countries attended to discuss food price inflation , energy needs , etc. . Alas , India 's voice was drowned out , not by China 's attempts to provide medicine and education to Africa , but by the sheer magnitude of Chinese state-owned enterprises ' investments in physical infrastructure .
But loud voices need not be the most effective .
But it would not have worked without the crucial role played by competition .
Fortunately , the government did not attempt the impossible task of trying to separate winners from losers .
The government did not bail out the underperformers , allowing market forces to restructure the industry during the post-subsidy phase .
Fortunately , the government was not persuaded .
As a result , commercial providers of debt or equity can not get the high returns and quick exits that they seek .
Credit histories can not be shared , because a credit bureau is just getting started .
The lesson is that markets simply can not work without accompanying public goods and high-quality government supervision .
Everyone , to some degree , has nostalgia for the past , some bleary idea of how the past can -LRB- rather than can not -RRB- work in the future .
In Russia , however , a couple of thousand shining LukOil stations are not threats but are , instead , harbingers .
I sat at the end of the table , not paying attention to their conversation .
After all , we -- not the Americans -- had opened the world 's first nuclear power plant .
Given America 's preponderant power today , most of the world sees this goal as extreme arrogance when they are not like China in seeing it as outright dangerous .
Saddam Hussein possessed missiles and deadly biological agents yet did not use them because he was deterred by the implicit threat , made by former US Secretary of State James Baker , that the US would retaliate with all necessary means , including nuclear weapons .
Georgia 's latest crisis appears to mark the end of the Gorbachev generation of reform communists , which included not only the former Soviet leader , but also Shevardnadze and the former Russian president Boris Yeltsin .
It did not , but his pose as protector of democracy earned him Georgia 's presidency when that newly independent country descended into civil war .
This time , however , his threats of resignation are not working .
Even Putin 's Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB colleague and a man often considered to be Putin 's closest advisor within his government , does not fully agree with him on the terms of collaboration with America .
Democracy , every Westerner will tell you , is not founded on what the élite think ; it 's what the people think that matters - or at least what a contending rabble of rival interests think .
But he knows something that they do n't seem to recognize : Russia 's people endorse his policies and do not want them overturned .
But it is respect for Russia 's culture that matters most to them , and such does not come at the barrel of a gun .
The bell of a coup will not toll for him .
A realist in his bones , Putin recognizes Russia 's changed status . But this recognition is not a confession of weakness ; instead , it reflects his clear-sighted analysis of Russia 's current predicament , and of the country 's need to create , recreate , and sustain friendly relations among all of its neighbors if lost influence is to be regained .
In the summer of 2002 , the North Korean leader visited Russia to learn about `` non-intrusive '' -- that is , not entirely Western -- capitalism , while riding in an armored train on the Trans-Siberian railway .
As a diplomatic practitioner , Putin has learned history 's lessons and is determined not to see his country ringed by enmity .
Otherwise , communist patriarchs -- and their often scarcely more democratic postcommunist successors -- have not seen fit to pitch their bloodlines against the sprawling institutional bureaucracy left behind by Leninism .
In the brave new world of postrevolutionary Russia , Anatoli Lunacharski looked forward to freedom from the mutual relations of husbands , wives , fathers , children , so you could not tell who was related to whom and how closely .
The problem is that the public 's loss is usually far greater than the family 's gain . This is not necessarily because ruling families appropriate so much that they impoverish everybody else .
However , the true danger to all would-be 21st Century dynasts lies not in their stars , but in themselves .
Autocracy , not dictatorship .
The army does not appear to be reliably under civilian control , and the brutal war in Chechnya festers .
Putin has also not turned the clock back on economic reform .
The question is not just whether he and his ex-KGB cronies muzzle the media and jail their opponents .
No , the real flaw in Putin 's rule is that his power is personal , not based on the support of a political party .
The central issue in Russian politics is not the battle for votes . More significant by far is the competition for power that takes place in the bowels of the presidency .
But whether Putin is master of this system or its prisoner - a tsar or a doge - is something even he may not know .
Because Putin can not stomach opposition , he stifles the growth of parties .
This does not imply that a government must rule by fear , as past Russian governments did : in this respect , Putin 's government is as good as any Russia has ever had .
Historically , attempts at modernization in Russia , even when they look real , as with Stalin 's industrialization or Yeltsin 's market reforms , ultimately result in a Potemkin village-like state of affairs , because Russian society can not change fast enough or with the patience necessary to see the changes through .
Seven years ago , at their first meeting in Ljubljana , Slovenia , Bush looked into Putin 's eyes and somehow spotted the soul of a Christian gentleman , not that of a secret policeman .
While his father lined up world support , and troops from over a dozen countries , for the first Gulf War , the son thought that allies were more hindrance than help ; except for Tony Blair , he did not care to have them .
Buoyed by high oil prices , he now seeks to bestride the world as if the social calamities that bedevil Russia -- a collapsing population , a spiraling AIDS and tuberculosis crisis , corruption mushrooming to levels unimagined by Yeltsin -- do not matter .
But his recent attempts to use Russia 's energy resources for political coercion in Georgia , Ukraine , Belarus and elsewhere have exposed Russia as an unreliable partner , unnerving even the Chinese , who do not wish to see a reconstituted Russian empire on their border .
Yet the true test of a ruler is not to pander to his people 's expectations , but to peer into the future and match the country 's aspirations with its needs and capacities .
Unlike America , however , Russia 's people have not yet understood the price of arrogant power run amuck .
Using various mixtures of charisma , statecraft , and terror , Peter the Great , Catherine the Great , Alexander II , Peter Stolypin -LRB- the last tsar 's prime minister -RRB- , Lenin , and Stalin all sought to make Russia not only a great military power , but also an economic and cultural equal of the West .
Sensing the bitter frustration of Moscow 's middle class-in-waiting , Yeltsin quickly gained a reputation as a harsh , if not always coherent , critic of the party 's old guard .
By not permitting Russia to disintegrate into anarchy or leading it back to authoritarianism , Yeltsin kept the way open for such a leader to one day emerge .
Unfortunately , that man is not his handpicked successor , Vladimir Putin , who has only perpetuated the vicious cycles of Russian history .
The technicality the commission cited would be absurdly funny if its potential results were not so incendiary : the CEC objected to the fact that the Tymoshenko bloc candidates listed only their home towns on the party list , not their precise street address .
In Ukraine that means not only violent unrest , but economic decline and renewed repression .
Weak neighbors are states that the Kremlin can control , so why not expand Russian power by letting Ukraine slide into protest and anarchy if by doing so it brings that country back under Putin 's thumb ?
Tymoshenko , who has survived three assassination attempts , is not the type of woman to surrender her campaign on a technicality .
As the end of his rule approached , Boris Yeltsin went through at least a half-dozen prime ministers , looking for the one who would ensure the security not only of Russia 's new democracy and market economy , but also of his `` family '' and the wealth that it had accumulated during his rule .
Putin 's own game of prime ministerial `` musical chairs '' does not reflect a desire to secure for himself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules , for he knows all too well that the path from the Kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave .
Putin , of course , did not accost the retired Yeltsin , but he did n't have to .
If this scenario comes true , it will be a sad day for Russia , but not because Putin will be retaining power -- something everyone in Russia knew that he would .
So , if Putin is concerned about Russia , he should abandon his czarist notions of power and leave high office , if not politics altogether .
This bizarre transfer of office but not power -- perhaps a slight improvement on state governors in the American south who used to hand their offices to their wives when their term-limits expired -- is Putin 's scenario .
But what if it is not Medvedev 's ?
His non-KGB , non-military background suggests that his conception of the rule of law may not be entirely shaped by a cynical love of power .
But Medvedev 's track record is not encouraging .
As Russia 's deputy prime minister since 2005 , he has not gone beyond consoling rhetoric .
But , in this case , when the son borrows essential elements of his father 's architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is he not willingly reflecting those sins ?
A gold medal signified the sporting abilities and dedication of individual athletes , not the supposed merits of the political system that produced them .
The old Soviet iconography has broken down completely ; despite heroic efforts , not even Putin could restore Lenin , Stalin , and the old Soviet pantheon .
It is a sad testament to Russia 's current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti-modernist crank who is being remembered , not Solzhenitsyn the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity .
Perhaps -LRB- in his disgrace -RRB- he did not know . ''
Capital began to flee the country , which may not have mattered had the world economy not tanked in September .
Indeed , the Georgian war antagonized not only the west , but also China , which has a vital strategic interest in maintaining the post-Cold War geo-strategic settlement . China , after all , has no desire to see a `` Soviet Reunion '' on its border .
Soon , the gulag was virtually emptied ; a political thaw began , spurring whispers of freedom that could not be contained . In Poland and Hungary , in particular , an underground tide burst forth demanding change .
Certainly , Király would not have hesitated to meet the man who ordered the invasion .
We frequently met at conferences , where it was always a delight to hear him speak Russian -- a Russian that had the accent and elegance of Tolstoi and Pushkin , not the degraded Russian bark of Vladimir Putin .
Khrushchev did not really know anything other than Communism .
Király will be remembered not merely as a warrior , but as a humanist , the conciliator who called for no reprisals after 1989 , and a liberal model for many Hungarians .
Former spies now sit atop the commanding heights of Russia 's energy-centric economy , but their role is not all that different from what it was in Soviet days . Back then , the USSR promoted its interests through satellite states and military power .
When not overseeing Rosneft , Sechin just happens to be Vladimir Putin 's first deputy prime minister .
After all , the Soviet Union collapsed not because of Ronald Reagan 's military build-up in the 1980 's , with which communism was unable to compete , but because the Soviet command economy had already become obsolete in the 1970 's .
Vladimir Putin 's Potemkin Nation MOSCOW -- `` Image is everything '' might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy .
But , since Putin put Medvedev in his job and can remove him anytime he pleases , Russia 's president is not opposed to the ways of the Putin regime .
He does not need to modernize Russia so that it can actually compete with the world 's mightiest powers ; he just needs to bluster enough that people -- particularly his own -- believe that Russia is once again among the first rank of nations .
Journalists and human rights activists and lawyers -- Anna Politkovskaya , Stanislav Markelov , Anastasia Baburova , Natalia Estemirova , and dozens of others -- are murdered , and no one in the Kremlin seems to mind , because they are not really a part of the New Russia that Putin is building .
The world 's changing before them and they 're clinging to something in the past that 's not sustainable . '' So long as the façade holds , Russians will continue to cling to Putin 's illusion of power .
They are wrong , not only about what the election will mean for Ukraine 's people , who have stoically endured so much , but also about what it will mean for security and stability across Eurasia .
For , if the Orange Revolution demonstrated one thing , it is that Ukraine 's politics are not those of the pendulum , swinging predictably between opposing forces that agree on the fundamental rules of democracy .
Indeed , it is patently clear from his own words that Yanukovich does not accept the legitimacy of the Orange Revolution , which means that he does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you can not cheat your way to power .
For keeping Ukraine afloat over the past 15 months , Tymoshenko deserves the West 's thanks , not the cynicism that we are currently seeing .
What if the plane was not a 20-year-old , Russian-made Tupolev-154 , but a newer and safer model ?
After 70 years of denial , Russia 's leadership -LRB- if not yet ordinary Russians -RRB- were ready to admit that Joseph Stalin 's NKVD -LRB- precursor to the KGB -RRB- slaughtered more than 20,000 Polish officers , intellectuals , and clergy in the nearby Katyn forest in 1940 .
When the pilot of the presidential plane -LRB- ironically , again , Soviet made -RRB- was advised not to land in the thick fog , either he , or perhaps even the president himself , may have mistrusted the Russians ' willingness to give honest advice .
Although the Nazi-Soviet Pact did not last long -- Germany invaded Russia in 1941 -- for Poland there was no way out .
Indeed , throughout the twentieth century , animosity between Poland and Russia remained at fever pitch , manifested not only in politics but also culturally .
Perhaps so , but as the Polish essayist Stanislaw Jerzy Lec said : `` You can close your eyes to reality , but not to memories . ''
Indeed , he suggests that Russians `` are not citizens , but rather some sort of tribe , '' and that the archaic character of Russian society is not likely to change before 2050 .
But what matters here is a common perception that Russians are not ready to assume the responsibilities of citizenship .
Putin , on the other hand , has not been publically critical of Luzhkov .
Since Putin did not formally take sides over what would happen to Luzhkov , had Medvedev 's campaign against Moscow 's former mayor failed , the president would have found himself without a job in 2012 .
To be sure , such initiatives have not become substantial , and the political opposition is constantly trying to appropriate them to make their own case more credible .
MOSCOW -- In a recent interview , Russia 's President Dmitri Medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election , but that he would not run against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who put him in power in the first place .
But it is not NATO 's military power that Putin 's Kremlin finds alarming ; the real threat is the alliance 's potential to `` swallow '' Moldova or Ukraine at some point .
Yet this is not in the group interests of Putin 's backers , the people who run , and own , Russia : its security , military , and industrial complex .
So , despite the current regime 's tough , often anti-Western rhetoric , they are not at all interested in closing Russia off from the West .
But , to sustain the charade of a strong and prosperous Russia , standing against the predations and hypocrisy of the West , the regime can not be as authoritarian as Putin himself might wish .
In June , speaking at the St. Petersburg Economic Forum , Medvedev mesmerized his audience by simultaneously sounding avant-garde and hackneyed : he attacked corruption , vowed that Russia is not `` building state capitalism , '' and promised legal and federal reforms .
Decisions , he said , should be left to business or made locally , not in the Kremlin .
For many Russians , if not most , the authority figure embodies the powers that control everything that matters in life ; they support him , regardless of the policies that he implements , because there is no possibility of doing otherwise .
The question today is not about the outcome of next year 's presidential election ; that has already been determined .
Putin , they argued , is not your typical security tough guy ; he is an enlightened technocrat .
So manipulation of presidential powers might not prove as simple as before .
This brand of diplomacy is not quick or easy .
It is a symphony -- often not a very harmonious one -- of small steps that you hope will lead to something greater .
Maybe it works , maybe not .
We are the only continent where regional integration and common markets have not taken hold .
But the main reason is that we have not tried .
Asia does not do itself justice .
This is not just my hope , it is also Asia 's obligation .
Slowly , people who had not mingled for 44 years began to renew their ties and rediscover one another .
Women such as Leonora Pocaterrazas , 21 , who died in childbirth not long ago in the mountain village of Columpapa Grande , Bolivia , leaving her husband to raise three other children on his own .
And , indeed , these young people laughed and danced not only in harmony but with a joie de vivre that lit up their faces and filled us all with happiness .
Listening , it was hard to imagine that they could easily be dead -- and would be , if not for this clinic .
Botswana , among others , has invested heavily to offer universal treatment , and now is well on its way to ensuring that no baby is born with HIV -- a reality in developed countries , but not so in Africa , where 400,000 children are born with the disease each year .
As many as seven million Africans who should be getting treatment for HIV are not . Worldwide , the number is about 10 million .
How do you choose to treat a young girl but not her little brother ?
As chair of this year 's replenishment of the Global Fund , I urge all donors to see to it that countries such as Uganda get the support they need , so that Dr. Mugyenyi and other front-line soldiers in the fight against AIDS need not make those difficult choices .
NEW YORK -- Fortune has not been kind to Haiti .
Because many people do not have easy access to hospitals and clinics , these figures are rough estimates at best .
Admirable as these collective efforts may be , they are simply not sufficient .
This will not be a short-term crisis , so we can not think only in the short term in formulating our response .
On the one hand , pundits criticize it for not solving all the world 's ills .
It is not hard to see why .
The world looks to the UN as never before , yet the conventional wisdom is that we are not up to the job .
In December 2009 in Copenhagen , world leaders talked far into the night , and emerged , according to the conventional wisdom , with virtually nothing . In fact , though we did not get a comprehensive , legally binding treaty that would usher in an era of sustainable , low-carbon prosperity , as we had hoped , there were significant achievements in Copenhagen .
The lesson is that we should not dream of overnight breakthroughs , or allow ourselves to fall into despair in the absence of immediate progress .
But the G-20 , by itself , is not the answer .
The G-20 and the UN are finding new ways to work constructively together -- not as rivals , but as increasingly close partners .
Yet today , all is not well at the CD .
We simply must not let one lost decade turn into a second .
Just one or two countries should not be able to block the organization 's work indefinitely .
Prior agreement on the scope or outcome should not be a precondition for talks -- or an excuse to avoid them -- but rather a subject of the negotiations themselves .
It has not done so .
Last but not least is the imperative of working with and for women and young people .
In this new world , the challenges are increasingly those of collaboration , not confrontation .
Pledges have not been honored .
The global food crisis will not go away by itself . It may now have faded from the headlines .
The international community has not matched words with deeds .
If not matched by resources , mandates are empty .
Despite the real political difficulties , we can not let crimes against humanity go unpunished .
Resolutions mandating peace operations can not continue to be passed without the necessary troops , money , and materiel .
We can not send brave UN staff -- 25 of whom died this year -- around the world without assuring their security .
We can not reform this organization without the required resources .
Touring the Mwandama Village , I saw the potential of modern technologies -- smart phones and mobile broadband , improved seed varieties , the latest in drip irrigation , modern diagnostic tests for malaria , and low-cost solar-energy grids -- to advance human well-being in ways that simply were not feasible even a few years ago .
In a community that once could not feed itself , a giant warehouse was almost bursting with tons of surplus grain .
The better question is : how can we afford not to ?
Put aside the familiar arguments -- that the science is clear , that climate change represents an indisputable existential threat to the planet , and that every day we do not act the problem grows worse .
As world leaders , we are morally bound to ensure that solutions to the global financial crisis protect their interests , not just the citizens of wealthier nations .
The Road to Nuclear Disarmament NEW YORK -- Weapons of mass destruction and disarmament form one of the gravest challenges facing the world . One of my priorities as United Nations Secretary-General is to promote global public goods and remedies to challenges that do not respect borders .
But , of course , such threats are not unique to Asia .
They could unambiguously assure non-nuclear-weapon states that they will not be subject to the use or the threat of use of nuclear weapons .
These proposals offer a fresh start not only on disarmament , but also on strengthening our system of international peace and security .
Connecting the Solutions WASHINGTON , DC -- The world does not need to be reminded of the urgency of this historical moment .
Second , these financial rescue and assistance packages can not stop at the borders of the richest countries .
While the G-20 nations whose leaders met in Washington account for nearly 80 % of world production , trade and investment , more than 170 other countries , representing one-third of the world 's people , were not there .
Some argued that , amid our current difficulties , we can not afford to tackle climate change .
I say we can not afford not to . The future of the planet is at stake .
They must be sustainable , so that we are not merely throwing money at problems but , instead , are using those funds to lay the foundations of a more stable and prosperous future .
Climate change and global finance are not our only crises .
If not handled correctly , today 's financial crisis will become tomorrow 's human crisis .
At the very least , that means not using the financial crisis as an excuse to reduce international aid and development assistance .
Today the world is at another turning point . The assumption that nuclear weapons are indispensable to keeping the peace is crumbling . Disarmament is back on the global agenda -- and not a moment too soon .
When a new disease sweeps the world , access to vaccines and anti-viral medicines can not be limited to those who can pay for them .
Wealthy nations can not hope to remain healthy if poorer nations do not .
Today , large parts of Africa , Latin America , and Asia have still not recovered from mistakes made during previous economic downturns .
Elsewhere , supply constraints are not the problem .
Making reproductive services available to women who can not afford to pay their way can help prevent these deaths .
But such services must not shy away from promoting and providing modern contraceptive methods to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
Nearly 20 % of women in developing countries report that they would like to stop having more children but are not using any form of contraception or family planning , possibly because reproductive services are not available .
Greater female representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on `` female '' policy priorities , but in India , village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water , better immunization coverage and roads , and less bribery .
Being a woman need not and should not be among the greatest challenges of life .
But , although new talks are underway , the international community is , not surprisingly , tired of dealing with the issue . After all , the Cyprus conflict has dragged on since 1974 , wearing out United Nations Secretary-Generals and special representatives of all sorts , as well as bringing down governments in both Greece and Cyprus .
No one -- not the US , the EU , Turkey , Greece , or the two Cypriot communities -- can afford to waste it .
The isolation of the Turkish Cypriots , who opted in favor of an internationally acceptable solution , can not be sustained any longer .
Contrary to many previous rounds of Cyprus negotiations , the issue this time is not confined to the island alone but embraces the wider region .
As someone who was present when Davuto?lu made his presentation to the parliamentary faction of Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party -LRB- AKP -RRB- , I can attest to the fact that he did not use such terminology .
Our neighborhood policy needs support , not criticism .
Turkey 's neighborhood policy is very realistic , based on genuine interests , not some romantic neo-Ottoman nostagia , as more than a few international commentators have suggested .
However , trying to paint our carefully constructed foreign-policy initiatives with imperialist overtones is not only a stark mispresentation , but also does gross injustice to our well-intentioned efforts to stabilize our region .
Contrary to recent charges , Turkey 's foreign policymakers are not seeking to revive the Ottoman Empire .
Yet Turkey 's `` distinctiveness '' in the Middle East is not necessarily detrimental to the West .
But this does not mean that Turkey 's potential influence in the Middle East is automatically of benefit to the West .
But Turkish democracy itself is not yet consolidated , and this is a precondition for Turkish foreign policy to become an asset for the EU and the US .
EU-driven reforms have changed the political landscape in Turkey dramatically , but the transformation toward liberal democracy is far from complete , as the country 's current bout of political instability and its prime minister 's not infrequent populist outbursts suggest .
But this change can not be taken for granted and requires support from the EU and the US .
I am convinced that this is a misguided strategy -- not only because of the uncertainty about the dangers that global warming might pose , but also because of the certainty of the damage that these proposed policies aimed at mitigation will impose .
My advice to them was to not get caught up in the hysteria .
Ironically , emissions have not decreased as a result of these policies , but are doing so now as the world economy moves into recession .
This is not a surprise to someone like me , having been actively involved in my country 's transition from communism to a free society and market economy .
The old , outmoded heavy industries that were the pride of our Communist regime were shut down -- practically overnight -- because they could not survive the opening of the economy .
This does not auger well either for growth or for working our way out of today 's crisis .
Out of the Asylum Serbia &#45; &#45; long castigated as the land whose late president , Slobodan Milo¨evi? , launched a genocide in Yugoslavia &#45; &#45; is not accustomed to finding itself lauded for safeguarding human rights .
Funding for these reforms comes from the privatization of state assets &#45; &#45; not from aid from abroad .
That is to say , experience , viewed as the flow of words , movements , and emotions between us , is not only local , but also inherently moral , because living our lives is about animating and enacting values .
For patients and families faced with health catastrophes and serious chronic medical conditions , the experience of suffering is not just a personal one , but is strongly influenced by cultural and historical changes in the processes that contribute to moral life being distinctive in different eras and societies .
There is , moreover , still an important region where drug use has not contributed significantly to HIV infection rates : Africa .
For example , Gdansk -- the birthplace of the Solidarity movement -- does not have a single methadone treatment center .
This approach is not only inhumane , but also economically untenable : leaders in these countries should be encouraged to redirect scarce law enforcement , court , and prison resources towards more pressing causes .
As America 's former chief human rights official , I can testify that these are not minor diplomatic irritants .
These judicial protections are designed to protect the mentally insane , not the mentally retarded .
President Bush can not sit on the fence .
That does not amount to a coherent government program , and Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's administration quickly revealed the DPJ 's fundamental hollowness .
But the biggest problem with Hatoyama 's government is that the DPJ took power without a coherent national security policy . This should not have surprised anyone .
To be sure , finding an alternative location for the US base is extremely difficult , as Japanese are as prone to NIMBY -LRB- not in my backyard -RRB- reactions as anyone else .
This is not a favorable situation for Japan , the US , or , indeed , the entire world .
Diplomatic realism was not restored after Hatoyama 's fall from power earlier this year .
The `` rare-earth threat '' is not confined to Japan , as China accounts for over 90 % of the world 's production , roughly 120,000 tons .
Other countries might worry about the health risk to workers in rare-earth processing , but that does not appear to be true of China .
In recent years , however , Vietnam 's strategic significance has increased dramatically , owing to huge -- and not always widely recognized -- transformations in its economic performance and foreign-policy orientation .
Vietnam 's emergence as a central player in Asian affairs should not be surprising , for the country was the catalyst of perhaps the key turning point in modern Asian history .
With Vietnam 's emergence as a pivotal player in Asia , we are able to view the Vietnam War in the context of the US strategy of global containment , which led it to defend not only South Vietnam , but also South Korea and Taiwan -- `` the three fronts , '' as Mao Zedong put it .
Others view the attack as simply another in a long line of provocations , and thus not to be taken all that seriously .
Hunger remains widespread , if not as dire as two years ago .
As with the Church or the divine right of kings , the system can not be challenged without undermining the infallibility of its perfect leaders .
Because North Korea does not repay loans , it can not borrow money ; because it reneges on deals , it drives away potential partners ; and , because it aims for autarky , it can not specialize or exploit its comparative advantages .
President Lee 's allies have rallied , rightly , to his cause , but even we recognize that his restraint can not be unending .
But China , which fears a collapse of the North Korean regime above all , does not want to antagonize Kim .
That global effort will almost certainly not succeed without a credible Chinese threat to sever Kim 's economic umbilical cord .
First in the Chinese civil war , and then in Korea , Indonesia , Malaysia , and Indochina -- particularly Vietnam -- the Cold War raged not as an ideological\/propaganda battle between rival superpowers , but in dogged , often fratricidal combat that cost millions of lives and retarded economic development and political democratization .
Containment , it should be recalled , was organized against a Soviet totalitarian regime that was not only ideologically aggressive and in the process of consolidating its colonization of Eastern Europe -LRB- as well as Japan 's Northern Territories -RRB- , but also deliberately sealed off from the wider world economy .
Sun Tzu , the great Chinese theorist of warfare , focused on the weakening of an adversary psychologically , not in battle .
During the Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 , Chinese officials did not engage in competitive devaluation of the renminbi .
But , even according to the highest estimates , China 's military budget is only now about equal to that of Japan and , of course , much less than the combined military budgets of Japan , India , and Russia , all of which border China -- not to mention Indonesia , South Korea , and a militarily modernizing Taiwan .
So the challenge that China poses today remains predominantly political and economic , not military .
Before 2010 , most Asian countries would have preferred not to choose between China and the US .
For what Kim is now offering is not peace , but a `` peace offensive '' -- a tactic used by the North repeatedly since the armistice of 1953 in order to sow division whenever the regime 's adversaries have demonstrated unity and resolve .
Indeed , there is considerable talk among Western security services that the recently disclosed centrifuges were not actually assembled in the Nyeongbyeon facility , implying that Kim 's regime is hiding another facility .
Of course , the inner workings of Kim 's regime are shrouded in mystery , not only to the outside world , but also to most of North Korea 's government .
Vague expressions of concern , such as those offered by President Hu Jintao during his Washington summit , will not do the job .
For Kan , the real priority was his government 's effort to maintain its grip on power , not reassuring Japan 's neighbors of the actions it was taking to contain a potential threat to their citizens .
This confluence of political need has created an opportunity for all three countries to cooperate more closely in the management of civilian nuclear power , and this opportunity should not be missed .
And , while they did bring nuclear safety to the fore and agreed to cooperate and share information with each other , efforts to meet this region-wide challenge can not succeed without bringing Taiwan into the discussions .
Today 's Asian nervousness exists not only because isolationism appears to be gaining ground once more in America , but also because Afghanistan 's stability remains in doubt , while China 's power is rising in the absence of any pan-Asian consensus or institutional structure .
So it is not surprising that many Asian leaders are asking themselves what commitments the US will maintain once its troops leave Afghanistan .
Fortunately , US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has reassured America 's Asian friends and allies that regional disengagement is not being contemplated .
Gates , however , is due to step down from his post shortly , which is unfortunate , because the Obama administration 's apparent lack of any explicit Asia strategy means that Gates 's reassurances might not reassure for very long .
Securing a structure of peace in Asia , however , is not solely America 's responsibility .
America 's withdrawal from Afghanistan must not be allowed to call this stability into question .
If such a consensus can be forged , however , it will provide a foundation for further collaboration in building a pan-Asian order based on consent , not military might .
Today , however , Japanese driving schools suffer from a fall-off in students , which can not be explained solely by declining population .
Suzuki 's success is a powerful precedent not only for other Japanese companies that are looking at the Indian market , but also for further deepening cooperation between the two countries .
Osamu Suzuki may not be willing to share all of the secrets of his success with his competitors , but they and Japanese diplomats should be studying the Suzuki method .
The risk stems not from the conduct of the South Koreans or the Taiwanese , but from the democratic choices that they make , which may offend two of Asia 's last dictatorships .
That outcome would stoke Chinese ire , not because of Tsai 's gender , but owing to her politics .
The government not only freed Suu Kyi after two decades of house arrest , but has even begun a dialogue with her -- talks for which the meticulous opposition leader has expressed real hope .
The US is reciprocating by pledging not to cut Asia-related defense spending , despite the big reduction in overall US defense spending that lies ahead .
At the G-7 meeting in Canada in February , the focus was on the Greek financial crisis and its international implications . Kan jokingly told journalists that he was glad the meeting was not addressing Japan 's public debt , which has now reached almost ¥ 900 trillion .
Japan , however , can not afford to waste time building a new apparatus to prevent party-financing scandals .
The country simply can not keep on piling debt upon debt .
But other North Koreans in Iran do not take their marching orders from the embassy , and they are of three types .
China 's willingness to demonstrate its new might is not confined to land ; on the contrary , China 's maritime ambitions have no end in sight .
The Japanese and Chinese militaries , however , do not have sufficient ties to create confidence that caution will prevail .
The inhabitants of Yonaguni strongly oppose the law , not because they are exclusionary , but because they believe that they are protecting a sensitive border .
And it is not just the waters near Japan that should concern Hatoyama , for the Chinese Navy is not only eyeing the Pacific , but also steering toward South Asia , the Indian Ocean , the Middle East , and Africa .
Indeed , the growing contest between India and China is not only military in nature , but also concerns the acquisition of natural resources .
But until China acts with greater sincerity and transparency in eliminating the international community 's concerns , it runs the risk that its neighbors will not only suspect its efforts in the international arena , but take active countermeasures to defend their security .
The Hatoyama government 's floundering was not confined to the issue of the US base on Okinawa .
With Ozawa gone , not only does the DPJ now have an opportunity to renew itself , but so does the LDP .
Japan should be seeking to make a difference in securing stability in Asia , not playing sterile political games .
The rest of Asia might be content to sit back and watch the spectacle of Japan 's myopic politics if Japan 's inability to work to help stabilize the region did not matter so much .
Although Ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise his will on the DPJ , this must not be allowed to happen .
Ozawa 's fall can -- but may not -- return Japanese politics to where it belongs : in the hands of its elected leaders .
A general fear has arisen in Asia that China is seeking to use its growing maritime might to dominate not only development of the hydrocarbon-rich waters of the South China Sea , but also its shipping lanes , which are some of the world 's most heavily trafficked .
Perhaps more importantly , they also confirmed that the US military is not too distracted by its Iraqi and Afghan engagements to defend America 's vital national interests in Asia .
And China not only proclaimed Clinton 's intervention over the South China Sea islands an `` attack , '' but also held unscheduled naval maneuvers in the Yellow Sea in advance of the US-South Korean exercise .
Clinton 's visit was important not only for its reaffirmation of America 's bedrock commitment to security in Asia and the eastern Pacific , but also because it exposed to all of Asia a fundamental contradiction at the heart of Chinese foreign policy .
Strident rhetoric and a hegemon 's disdain for the interests of smaller neighbors create only enmity , not harmony .
Indeed , it is the quality of China 's ties with its Asian neighbors , particularly India , Indonesia , Japan , Russia , and South Korea , that will be central to forging its international image , signaling not just to the region , but to the wider world , the type of great power that China intends to be .
Unless China demonstrates that it can reach peaceful accommodations in its sovereignty disputes with its neighbors , its claims to a `` peaceful rise '' will appear unconvincing not only in Washington , but in capitals across Asia .
The doctor , who was a surgeon , not an obstetrician , questioned the wisdom of summoning him to treat excessive bleeding from a premature delivery .
Kim Jong-il , who is known to have had a powerful attachment to his birth mother , can not help but have been psychologically affected by witnessing his mother 's killing .
Whether true or not , such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence .
But , even if the `` Young General '' or his aunt turn out not to be unhinged megalomaniacs , the looming changeover opens a new era of uncertainty , particularly given North Korea 's economic woes .
The EU can not alter the international coalition 's strategy alone .
Despite the deteriorating situation in Afghanistan , all is not lost .
The US , even under a new president , can not succeed in the region without a united front with Europe .
And Europe can not hope to achieve its aims with technical programs alone .
But European leaders must not take their eyes off real-world problems and drafting a new Euro-Atlantic policy on Afghanistan and Pakistan is as real as it gets .
But American and Soviet influence was not confined to the battlefield , as both countries made their presence felt high up the military chain of command .
Since the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , US forces have withdrawn from Saudi Arabia and discovered that their conventional military potency does not necessarily translate into impact on the ground .
The West will not find the resulting strategic terrain easy to navigate .
Argentina requires a comprehensive program to demonstrate that , in addition to the ability to generate wealth that it has shown over the past eight years , it can sustain economic growth and not revert to the volatility of the past .
Because the dollar is the dominant world reserve currency , and America 's Fed controls the supply of US dollars , as long as China sticks to a fixed exchange rate , it can not control its own money supply .
So China can not stabilize its economy by relying on US monetary policy .
This was not true of other countries .
The Fed is not prepared to raise interest rates or tighten reserve requirements to restrain economic overheating in Shanghai .
But , at larger distances , comparable to the proton radius , the force becomes really strong , and a very large number of gluons is involved , forming complicated structures that are not well known today .
Therefore , for some time , it was not expected that the properties of the strong force could be directly derived from the properties of gluons .
The appearance of such clear gluonic structures was unexpected ; the experiments at HERA were not designed to study them .
`` We have lived like pigs for half-a-century , so why not keep living like that for another fifty years ? ''
It certainly did not prevent an accelerated arms race .
Indeed , the first strategic nuclear arms reductions were not agreed upon until two decades later with the START-2 Treaty of 1993 , a time when relations between Moscow and Washington had become more reasonable and realistic .
Unfortunately , this did not happen ; it took Moscow 8 years to ratify START-2 .
Today , it is not only the superpowers who are capable of blackmailing the world with `` super-murder . ''
The inferiority complex of Russia 's derzhavniki -LRB- advocates of a powerful , effective state -RRB- reflects only weakness , not strength . It is similar to the fanatic feelings of a mouse who thinks that there is nothing more fearful than a cat .
But if we want to be partners in the development of modern defensive systems , we must negotiate in good faith , not bargain hard just to walk away in a pre-planned way at the end .
Indeed , it is important not to overplay our hand .
The door to partnership is open ; Russia need not break it down .
They understand that the issue is not just black and white .
It should not be confined to the political , diplomatic , and military aspects but should take in business concerns as well .
Pragmatism - not old-fashioned and outlived stereotypes - should form the heart of Russian\/American diplomacy .
But breaking with the policies of the 1990 's also presents grave risks , because the EU is not , and can not be , a traditional great power , and because the West 's weakness may end up rewarding -- and encouraging -- Russian revanchism .
While NATO enlargement did not imply any real security threats for Russia , it changed the military balance between Russia and the West , fueling the Kremlin 's revisionism .
Unlike the late Soviet elites , who were bureaucratic , risk-adverse , and competent when it came to international relations and security policies , the new Russian elite consists of the winners of the zero-sum games of the post-communist transition . They are highly self-confident , risk prone , and immensely wealthy , and Europe 's political elites , who made their careers in practicing compromise and avoiding conflicts do not know how to deal with them .
The EU can not act as guardian of the post-Cold War status quo without risking a collapse of Europe 's current institutional infrastructure .
True , Putin 's Russia does not dream of joining the EU , but Russia 's stability depends on preserving the European nature of its regime .
Putin promises Russians not only restoration of the country 's Great Power status , but also European living standards .
Russia is ready and willing to confront Europe and the West , but it can not afford and does not want to turn its back on Europe .
It is as if the crisis in the EU 's center had not reached its Balkan periphery .
Serbia has lost Kosovo , but it still has not found itself , while Croats are split over joining the EU , with a majority planning to vote against it .
The EU has lost its magic , but it has not yet lost its importance .
People from the region still believe in the EU , but they are not sure that the EU believes in itself .
Indeed , no one promises that Belgium will not collapse in the next 10 or 20 years .
Focused on their own problems , Europeans do not have time to think about how the crisis in the EU impacts the countries on Europe 's periphery .
Voting No on the EU Constitution would not constitute a French No to Europe , as some believe ; it would merely be a vote of no confidence in Chirac 's presidency .
Even those with close historical ties to France , like Romania , are standing up to France , because Chirac and his colleagues do not offer them the type of `` European reflex '' they want and need .
The Netherlands -- a traditionally pro-European country -- also may vote No on the Constitution in its own referendum -LRB- which takes place after the French one -RRB- -- not only as a protest against the conservative and moralistic policies of the Balkenende government , but as a rejection of a corporatist Europe dominated by French and German interests .
The corporate state simply has not delivered the goods in continental Europe , and polls are showing voters may take it out on the proposed Constitution .
But a `` No '' will not mean the French electorate has turned its back on Europe .
What 's at stake is not enlargement , but whether enlargement takes a more corporatist or market-based form .
`` Without the prospect of eventual political union on the basis of some constitutional treaty , '' writes Munchau , `` a single currency was always difficult to justify and it might turn out more difficult to sustain ... Without the politics , the euro is not nearly as attractive . ''
But French rejection of the Constitution does not imply political fragmentation of the EU .
If the Constitution is not ratified , the Treaty of Nice becomes the Union 's operative document .
There is no reason whatsoever why the EU should fall into chaos -- and the euro wilt -- now under the Treaty of Nice when it did not do so before .
The truth is that not only will the euro survive a No vote ; it will prosper .
Finally , not only will a French No serve to marginalize Chirac in Europe , but it will also help undermine the Franco-German alliance that has served France , Germany and Europe so badly in recent years .
The French referendum will determine the political fate of French President Jacques Chirac -- not France 's commitment to Europe , which is fixed and immutable .
According to Chirac , France 's exports are lagging not because France is losing its international competitiveness -- although it is , especially to Germany -- but because of the strong euro .
Likewise , France 's economic growth is waning not because France has failed to undertake necessary structural reforms , but because European interest rates are too high .
The European Central Bank , of course , for allowing the euro to appreciate too much and for not cutting interest rates enough .
But Berlin would not like a No vote .
The prospect of a re-energized Franco-German axis is why the Dutch -- who are traditionally pro-European but do not want a Europe that marginalizes small countries -- might vote No in their referendum -LRB- which follows shortly upon France 's -RRB- if the French vote Yes .
France is not the only EU country with an unpopular leader .
A French No would sit well with the Union 's newer members from Eastern Europe , who know Chirac is not their friend , and who are more attracted by promises of rapid economic growth than social protection and corporate state mischief .
The German public -- hungry for economic recovery and tired of excuses -- has not been fooled by the euro and ECB bashing of its present government , and handed German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder a decisive defeat in the recent North Rhine-Westphalia elections .
Unlike the French , however , the Dutch have not been euro bashers even though , as a medium sized country , the Netherlands do have some legitimate grievances against the EU -- namely , how the so-called `` Stability Pact '' to control fiscal deficits is being enforced .
Smart money is buying the euro -- not bashing it .
But higher energy prices , by themselves , will not cause the ECB to pull the interest-rate trigger .
As Europeans watched President Bush stumble over the death , destruction , and chaos wrought by Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans , some could not help patting themselves on the back and saying , `` Thank God for our social solidarity . ''
True , no European country worth its salt would ever allow its citizens to fall into such dire poverty that they literally could not escape from their homes in the face of a natural disaster .
And all Europeans -- not only those on the left -- were truly shocked and appalled by Katrina 's vivid demonstration that there apparently is no bottom for America 's poor .
Surprisingly , the treatment of elites in Europe may not be all that different from America .
Second , while the shame of New Orleans could never happen in Europe , European social solidarity nonetheless is failing lower-income groups by not sufficiently delivering to them the benefits of economic growth .
This means that the unemployed ca n't find jobs -LRB- even though there is useful work for them to do -RRB- , and that workers who have jobs will not move to potentially better ones .
But as the `` revolution of rising entitlements '' took hold in the 1960 's and 1970 's , trade unions have adopted the position that labor is entitled not only to a job , but to a job in the region and firm of its choice .
If one takes the EU as one 's term of reference , social solidarity between member states would appear to be not that different from social solidarity between American states .
This is not the first time communications has been a problem for the ECB .
Now , to his credit , Trichet has done something about this long-standing problem , although not without ruffling some feathers in the process .
This is what the ECB does -- and what the Fed 's Alan Greenspan does not do .
Jean-Claude Trichet , the current ECB president , may be in the same job but not the same environment as his predecessor Wim Duisenberg , who famously remarked , `` I hear the politicians , but I do n't listen . ''
The consensus alleged at the December press conference simply did not exist .
With political pressures encroaching on the bank 's policy decisions and a faux consensus , it is not surprising that there is now nostalgia in Frankfurt for earlier times and for Wim Duisenberg , even among his former critics .
Wim Duisenberg died last year , but his values , philosophy , and wisdom must not be allowed to die with him .
Or does it simply reflect the fact that the ECB now intends to enforce its old policy of not commenting on exchange rates whatever the circumstance ?
Of course , not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro .
Unless the ECB picks up the pace of interest-rate increases now , the goal of interest-rate neutrality may not be politically feasible , jeopardizing achievement of the bank 's price stability goals .
The ECB should act with greater alacrity not because there are increased prospects for future growth , but for the opposite reason : the fear that European growth will slow , thus limiting the possibility for future rate hikes .
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet indicated at his July press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on August 3 , not August 31 , as expected . This implies an interval of two months between interest-rate moves instead of the three-month interval that has become standard ECB practice in the current interest-rate cycle .
Prospective French presidential candidate Nicolas Sarkozy wants the ECB to promote economic growth , not just price stability .
In June , the ECB jettisoned its long-standing practice of not changing rates outside of Frankfurt , increasing them by 25 basis points in Madrid .
The ECB could convincingly argue that Merkel 's reforms and the US , not its interest-rate hikes , are responsible for the European slowdown , should one occur .
Approval of fundamental changes in the currency union must be agreed by all members , and so will not be forthcoming .
Some in France -- and not just the left -- want to change this .
One idea making the rounds is for the European Parliament to define the ECB 's objectives , on the basis that it is democratically elected -- as if the Maastricht Treaty did not result from a democratic process .
But this angst and hand-wringing simply is not convincing .
Even more impressive , the lack of full political union in Europe has not stalemated the EU 's adoption of the euro and the common monetary policy .
But defense independence vis-à-vis US implies a vast re-allocation of resources from social welfare programs to the military , which so far has not interested the Europeans .
Congratulations , not hand-wringing , should be the order of the day .
Moreover , Europeans do not narrowly equate national security with military spending .
Indeed , an energy tax would not only effectively counter the argument that Europeans are `` free riders '' when it comes to defense ; it would be tantamount to defense leadership .
Critics who worry about the cost of the energy tax have not thought about tax substitutions .
They also do not seem to realize that an energy tax is a much cheaper way for Europe to protect itself from Iran and Russia than alternative means , such as a defense buildup .
Solemn promises made over the years would have to be broken -LRB- people would not get the social services that they paid for with a lifetime of high taxes -RRB- , lives would be shortened -LRB- less money for hospitals and nursing homes -RRB- , and overall hardship increased .
Even economic growth will not prevent a tradeoff between defense and welfare spending for Europeans .
In short , Europeans will not allow Bush 's Iraq war to become a war on their welfare state .
Sub-Prime Economic Theory The insistence that those responsible for today 's financial crisis pay a price lest they repeat their mistakes -- the so called moral hazard argument -- recalls the great American orator William Jennings Bryan 's immortal `` cross of gold '' speech : `` You shall not press down upon the brow of labor a crown of thorns .
One would have expected the modern-day William Jennings Bryan to be warning central bankers not to crucify mankind on a `` cross of moral hazard and no-bailouts . ''
The conventional explanation -- a reduced appetite for risk -- is not convincing .
The key to understanding financial markets , especially when they are as unsettled as they have been in recent weeks , is not a change in preferences , but inherent imperfection of knowledge and altered expectations concerning the future course of macroeconomic fundamentals .
The most important one for central bankers is that they should cut interest rates -- and cut them fast -- to re-assure market participants that turmoil in financial markets will not be allowed to affect the real economy .
The fundamental reason behind France 's current economic weakness is its lack of competitiveness even in other euro-zone economies where the euro is not a factor .
But the ECB has made it clear not only that interest rate cuts are not on the table -- it is merely postponing , not abandoning , the interest rate increase originally planned for September .
The anti-inflation hawks in Frankfurt are not at all happy with Bernanke 's aggressive 50 basis point cut and the promise of more to come .
But European officials -- and not only the ECB &#45; &#45; seem very reluctant to admit that their economy is faltering , fearing that it will further weaken confidence and add to the slowdown pressures .
The Ifo business confidence indicator in Germany has been down four months in a row but , according to Ifo , `` the ECB does not have to change policy . ''
It will not do ECB credibility any good if takes an economic collapse to convince it that the coast is clear on the inflation front .
The ECB is not the old Bundesbank , which had such public support and trust in Germany that it could get away with almost anything .
As a consequence , the euro is rising not only against the US dollar , but also against Asian currencies , whose central banks intervene in foreign exchange markets to fix their currencies ' value against the dollar .
So Europeans should not be tempted to think that they are somehow `` decoupled '' from America 's foibles and woes .
It is hard to imagine that higher interest rates and reduced credit availability will not lead to distress for Europe 's overall economy .
But ordinary Europeans should not be fooled .
Special interests would not be peddling such dubious pabulum if they felt confident about the economy 's future .
Everyone knows that the ECB can not raise interest rates now , and for some time to come .
Trichet even had to rescind the rate hike he had signaled for September , though he still claims the increase has been merely postponed , not abandoned .
Higher rates would have meant lower inflation , so that inflationary expectations would not be the issue they have become .
The US Federal Reserve can cut 100 basis points from the federal funds rate and not lose control over US inflationary expectations . Yet , the ECB can not cut interest rates 1 basis point because it fears euro-zone inflationary expectations are becoming unglued .
If Europe 's central bank had not been too late and too slow in the past , it would have been truer to its own price stability mandate , and not now out of step with central banks in other industrial countries .
That 's what sent French President Nicolas Sarkozy and other high-level European officials scurrying off to China last November -- and why many ordinary Europeans continue to think of the Chinese as not playing by the rules .
Of course not !
Note that it was French President Sarkozy who went to China to protest the currency peg , not German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
German exports are not being substantially damaged by the strong euro -- indeed , German costs are so competitive that exporters are confident they can cope with the euro at 1.50 dollars and even higher .
This is not true for France &#45; &#45; but the answer is obvious : reduce costs and France too will be able to cope with the strong euro .
The Chinese are not going to change their exchange rate regime , which has strategic as well as economic motivations , just because the Europeans are unhappy with the currency peg .
So he recently toned down his rhetoric by warning that euro-zone inflationary pressures should not be `` over-dramatized . ''
But the evolving slowdown is not the only reason the threat of a wage-price spiral in Europe is overblown .
If this is financed by cutbacks elsewhere in the budget , the main consequence will be only a re-distribution of government spending , which is not necessarily inflationary .
Only if the budget surplus diminishes would there be an inflationary impact , and that would not be due to a wage-price spiral , but to an increase in net government demand , which actually might not be a bad thing for an economy facing a potentially severe economic slowdown .
Sarkozy 's Société Générale Myopia SAN FRANCISCO &#45; &#45; The French government should be honoring Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer for saving Société Générale from certain bankruptcy in the current rogue trader scandal , not criticizing him , as some high government officials have done .
Of course , independent central bankers are not Sarkozy 's favorite people .
In this changed political environment , Sarkozy is not likely to go after someone like Noyer who , as Bank of France Governor and a member of the ECB 's Governing Council , is widely viewed as a stalwart against inflation and a defender of French purchasing power .
`` Société Générale will remain a great French bank , '' Prime Minister Francois Fillon has said . `` The government will not allow it to be the target of hostile raids by other banks . ''
It would not have been possible with an authoritarian personality at the ECB helm .
But the ECB was `` slow '' to cut rates not because of the need for consensus , but because it is a non-activist bank that cuts rates only when the inflation picture justifies it .
According to Mr. Duisenberg , there was not a single instance when an important monetary policy decision was delayed because of the need for consensus .
This will not be easy .
Have today 's Germans really forgotten that Europeanism is not the best alternative for Germany -- it is the only alternative ?
Of course , if the big countries are not willing to sacrifice any measure of national sovereignty for the overall European good , then a united Europe is doomed .
Chirac and Schroeder -- and the current weaknesses in France and Germany that created them -- will not last forever .
Even though the big countries are trying to marginalize them at almost every turn , the small countries can not unite to fight the common enemy .
So , it seems that democracy should not only provide personal satisfaction for politicians but for the people , too .
Therefore it can not be dull for long periods because people will then begin to doubt democracy itself .
He was not a member of the political class , so nobody thought about how to gain advantage by his success .
Whether or not these new people will turn out to be good people is unclear , but it is becoming obvious that the sorts of people who are arriving in leadership positions are very different types of people from those that we have known -- not only in Poland but all over the democratic world .
Were Thatcherite leaders who would take society by the scruff of the neck and promote change needed , or were passive leaders á la Clinton and Schroeder to be preferred in the hope that weak government would not retard economic growth ?
So , when they took power in 1990 , they were honest enough to say that the `` spontaneous order '' advocated by their hero Friedrich von Hayek would not work because reform needed to be pushed from above .
For strong leadership is needed not only in dangerous times but in good times , because democracies rot from within .
Governments who allow their political muscles to atrophy can not cope with such issues .
Poland 's postcommunists , seemingly certain of electoral victory in September , will likely do nothing too , and will rely on an invitation to join the EU -- a decision that will be taken in Brussels , not by them -- to be their legacy .
Many Poles believe that they should not sell their land to foreigners , because Poland 's identity is somehow buried within its poor soil .
Given the history , it is no surprise that Poles do not want to sell to Germans , and luckily few Germans are interested .
In reality , the peasants were not much help in the Solidarity era and they now constitute the main obstacle to modernization .
The death of Pope John Paul II was not unexpected , and his immense influence on the modern world will be judged and commented on by everybody who thinks that he has something to say .
John Paul II was undoubtedly conservative when he commented on Catholic dogma , but the institution of the Catholic Church is based on the Ten Commandments and dogmas which can not be changed .
Being truthful and faithful to what is the bedrock of Church teaching can not be deemed conservative .
One of the questions that the Church could not answer in a satisfactory way for nearly three centuries concerned its attitude towards the economy and society .
Once again , the Pope added a caveat : `` But profitability is not the only indicator of a firm 's condition .
For him , markets and profits were not a solution to human problems , but a mechanism to be used for moral purposes .
They were sometimes naive , as when Spencer hoped that rich citizens would nearly automatically be good citizens and thus find it natural to help those who were not so successful .
If we believe , as the Catholic Church believes , that human beings bear the burden of original sin , but are perfectible ; that human beings can understand what is good and bad and can choose between them because we have free will , then approval of the free market is understandable and not naive .
This was a triumph for the EU 's foreign-policy chief , High Representative Baroness Catherine Ashton , who secured the backing of EU member states -LRB- even from the five that do not recognize Kosovo 's independence -RRB- , the United States , and both Serbia and Kosovo .
Indeed , as things now stand , Kosovo can not join the EU , NATO , or the UN , two-thirds of whose members , including two permanent Security Council members -LRB- Russia and China -RRB- , do not recognize its independence .
Despite their harsh rhetoric , both sides know that they need to give ground -- and not just figuratively .
The idea of partitioning Kosovo in this way is not new .
As they emerged on the political stage , the left was failing : the economy did not improve , unemployment remained high , and the SLD , which attracted all kinds of riffraff , became mired in corruption scandals .
It is to be assertive in its dealings with the EU -- perhaps not so much Euro-skeptical as `` Euro-difficult '' -- aping Margaret Thatcher 's Britain of the 1980 's , despite Poland 's being much poorer and less politically influential than Thatcher 's Britain was .
Most Poles did not vote for the Kaczynskis and still do not want to follow them .
But they did not see the risk in letting them gain so much power , and so did not mobilize to block them .
New elections are not due until 2009 .
So he will not allow government largesse to become excessive and thus risk a negative reaction in the financial markets .
Effective development assistance is not a one-way street from donor to recipient or from North to South .
The great waves of decolonization were just stirring ; the few developing countries were seen as marginal players in the global system -- not as central actors or agents of history .
Here , the United States must not only stay the course , but also build on the efforts of the last few years .
The risks of changing course can not be overstated .
But Asia not only has the type of stable common ethical foundations that were so important to European integration ; it also has a well developed set of moral principles , some of which were an established part of Asian culture long before similar principles were adopted in Europe .
Of course , Asia does not yet have a cohesive core culture comparable to that of Europe , which is founded on the Judeo-Christian tradition and the Enlightenment .
But Europeans ought not to be too arrogant , because , in recent years , that common European culture has itself proven to be fragile , particularly in light of the Bush administration 's divide-and-rule strategy pitting `` Old Europe '' against `` New Europe . ''
Likewise , Confucius was the first to formulate the Golden Rule of Reciprocity : `` Never impose on others what you would not choose for yourself . ''
In Buddhism : `` A state that is not pleasant or delightful to me must also be so to him ; and a state that is not pleasing or delightful to me , how could I inflict that upon another ? ''
In Hinduism : `` One should not behave towards others in a way which is disagreeable to oneself .
Rabbi Hillel -LRB- 60 B.C. -RRB- said : `` What is hurtful to yourself do not do to your fellow man . ''
Four concrete ethical rules were laid down in the Buddhist canon by Patanjali , the founder of Yoga , in the Chinese tradition and , of course , in the three prophetic religions : `` Do not kill , '' `` do not steal , '' `` do not bear false witness , '' and `` do not abuse sexuality . ''
If Asia focuses on its trans-cultural ethical core , an entirely new spirit of unity can be developed that uses soft power instead of military force and does not know enemies , but only partners and competitors .
Ethics and Obama TUBINGEN -- Many say that the world financial crisis could not have been foreseen . Perhaps not by financiers and economists , but others who were watching how markets were developing -- often with dismay -- were more than worried .
This also shows that crises in globalization do not a priori balance out , but perhaps get progressively worse . ''
So I was not at all surprised by the speed and dimension of events in recent months . Indeed , only a few economists -- such as the 2001 Nobel economics laureate Joseph Stiglitz and the 2008 laureate Paul Krugman -- warned against fatal developments that were mounting in the now globalized economy .
Contrary to many predictions by economic experts , the crisis has not been limited to the financial sector . Instead , it is generating a massive impact on the real economy -- hitting the automobile and chemical industries especially hard .
In contrast to 1929 , credits are not now being throttled ; on the contrary , public money is being pumped into banks and the economy .
But these measures will be successful only if they are not taken in an isolated and populist way .
As markets failed , calls for ethical regulation of the quest for profit has become justified not only in principle , but also in fact .
But ethics is not the icing on the cake ; it is not merely an incidental addition to the global market economy .
`` In the great ancient religious and ethical traditions of humankind we find the directive : You shall not steal !
Of course , Obama is not the Messiah ; he can not work miracles .
In view of the oppressive -- and unprecedented -- abundance of problems with which Obama is confronted at home and abroad , he will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations .
I shall not pass judgment on his plans for the world economy as reported so far .
First , tighter sanctions make sense only as a diplomatic tool , not as a blunt instrument of coercion .
The new sanctions simply are not severe enough to intimidate Iran into submission , and more restrictive ones would not pass muster within the Security Council .
New sanctions are warranted , but as a complement , not an alternative , to diplomacy .
But the Iranian regime is no ordinary government ; it may not adhere to the normal practices of nuclear restraint .
The unforgettable scene of camel - and horse-riding Mubarak supporters beating tech-savvy Egyptian protesters signals that the old order will not yield without a fight .
Had the United States known what lay ahead , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would not have remarked , after demonstrations broke out in Egypt , that the Egyptian government was `` stable . ''
For days after Egypt erupted , the Muslim Brotherhood did not know how to react , making it seem out of touch with the `` Arab street . ''
The overthrown Tunisian dictator must now regret that his security forces did not arrest Bouazizi and lock him up , rather than allow his public self-immolation .
The mechanisms underlying this political unpredictability are not unique to the Arab world .
Their biggest demands -- secure jobs , faster growth , low food prices -- are not necessarily compatible , and they may require policies that inflict pain .
The Arab street has changed the calculus of fear not only in the countries that have witnessed major protests , but also in the rest of the Arab world , where rulers are on notice that discontent need not remain submerged forever .
It need not be inevitable .
Israeli leaders must be made to understand that preemptive attacks and assassinations only increase the chance of more anti-Israeli attacks , not less .
Instead , they press for the impossible request that the Palestinian Authority dismantle the militant groups , an act that Israel , with all its powers , has not succeeded in accomplishing .
Real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends .
Money , however , is not the only need .
Unlike former President Bill Clinton , who blamed Yassir Arafat for the failure of the Camp David talks in 2000 , the Bush administration must honor its commitment not to point fingers or allow either side to use failure to advance its strategic goals .
This time , Palestinian negotiators insist that they do not plan to engage in substantive negotiations .
But what is crucially important for Palestinians is that , whatever the outcome , new settlements must not be built and land expropriation must end .
But a Palestinian state will not appear now or in ten years if Israel continues build settlements in areas slated to be part of it .
Clearly , the false trappings of a state provided as part of the Oslo peace process have resulted in little tangible change for Palestinians . They got an elected president -LRB- who for a while was trapped in his headquarters -RRB- , a parliament and government -LRB- whose MPs and ministers are not guaranteed passage from Gaza to the West Bank -RRB- , and passports -LRB- whose numbers must be entered into Israeli computers -RRB- .
What they did not get was real sovereignty , without which it is difficult to imagine any improvement .
Gaza 's history , and evaporating support for Hamas there , suggest that integrating Gazans into mainstream Palestinian life would not be difficult .
The escalating spiral of violence by Israel and Gazan militants indicates not only that deterrence is failing , but also that its effectiveness depends on adherence to fundamental standards of morality .
Some security strategists and just war theorists argue that there may be nothing morally objectionable about deterrence in cases where the lives and welfare of a civilian population are not directly affected .
However , in his book Crimes of War , Michael Byers , a Duke University law professor , argues that the use of force in self-defense `` must not be unreasonable or excessive , '' and with regard to anticipatory action , the necessity must be `` instant , overwhelming , leaving no choice of means , and no moment of deliberation . ''
Although Palestinians had nothing to do with European anti-Semitism and the Nazi Holocaust , they should not have turned a blind eye to the Jews ' tragedy .
Hamas 's rejection of the Oslo Accords bore political fruit as it became increasingly clear to Palestinians that the handshakes on the White House lawn would not produce the coveted end to the Israeli occupation , or even of Israel 's illegal settlement activities .
But not much has changed : badly handled wars , incomplete peace talks , and a boycott by Israel 's Arab voters made this 2009 election seem almost like a carbon copy of 1996 , when Rabin 's assassination ended the Palestinian-Israeli talks at a crucial time and Peres ' ill-advised war on South Lebanon reduced his large lead almost to a tie with Netanyahu .
It follows two controversial wars -LRB- although the current nominees were not directly involved in the 2006 war with Hezbollah -RRB- . It also follows serious negotiations between Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , which are said to have moved both sides much closer to each other .
But , beyond band-aid solutions for the deep injuries inflicted on Gaza , Palestinians ' biggest concern is to ensure that Israel 's attempt to split Gaza from the West Bank does not become permanent .
Netanyahu 's Choice Ramallah -- As the summit between US President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu approaches , most of the discussion has focused on whether or not the newly elected Israeli leader will finally say that he backs a two-state solution .
Israelis should not determine the status of the Palestinian entity , nor should Palestinians have a say in what Israelis call their own state .
Attempts at obfuscation -- whether by talking about an `` economic peace , '' or insisting that Arabs recognize the Jewishness of the state of Israel -- should not be allowed to derail the goal of ending the inadmissible occupation .
Israeli officials ' claims that barring the movement of people and goods is required for security reasons do not withstand scrutiny .
Any organization that has not provided democratic mechanisms for change and renewal tends to age and become monotonous and ineffective .
Freeze the Settlement Freeze RAMALLAH -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's decision to approve new Jewish settlements on the eve of a possible settlement freeze is the latest round in a cycle that has been repeated so many times over the past 40 years that it would seem mundane if it were not so dangerous .
The peace process , not surprisingly , becomes a joke while this happens .
So long as Israeli soldiers control the occupied territories , the idea of a settlement freeze will not take root .
The creation of new settlements has often been accompanied by hostile media reporting -- even within Israel -- as well as international condemnation , yet the settlement train has not stopped .
This cycle has become so bizarre and confusing that Palestinians are not sure whether they should hope for continued tensions with Israel -LRB- which usually means no new settlements -RRB- or for continued negotiations -LRB- which usually provide cover for building settlements -RRB- .
America , however , is not alone in challenging Al Jazeera head on .
Of course , when covering the Israeli occupation of Palestine and the US-led war on Iraq , Al Jazeera has not been objective .
But it did not make up facts ; it merely reflected majority Arab opinion .
Moreover , Al Jazeera has not been dumb to complaints about it .
As for Al Jazeera 's journalistic performance , it is past time that the station be judged by respected professional journalists , not by US or other officials with a policy axe to grind .
RAMALLAH -- A political leader 's decision not to seek re-election usually triggers fervent discussion about potential heirs .
Yet , President Mahmoud Abbas 's withdrawal from the presidential election scheduled for January 24 , 2010 , has produced nothing of the kind in Palestine -- not because of a dearth of leadership or a reluctance to mention possible successors , but because the presidency of the Palestinian Authority has become irrelevant .
Palestinian refugees in exile and other Palestinians living in the diaspora were not allowed to vote .
Moreover , Abbas has not given up his positions as head of the PLO and leader of its biggest faction , Fatah , which remains in control in the West Bank .
Abbas can not resign from his post for the foreseeable future , lest the Hamas-backed speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council take over .
Palestinians and Israelis have publicly said that they do not want a wall separating West and East Jerusalem .
Stubbornly refusing to talk face to face while settlement activities are not completely frozen has focused attention on what many believe is the crux of Israel 's colonial occupation regime .
By focusing on the need to reach agreements on borders within a short time period , Palestinians are saying that they do not see any need to negotiate gradual steps , preferring to agree on the final settlement first and then work back on issues of implementation .
But Israel has not publicly agreed to the American and Palestinian request to rescind the settlement construction in Jerusalem approved during US Vice President Joe Biden 's recent visit to Israel .
Palestinians have been assured via a message from President Barack Obama , delivered by his special envoy George Mitchell , that the Israelis will not carry out any `` provocations '' during the coming four months of indirect negotiations .
But , on a recent trip to Israel , White House adviser Dan Shapiro is said to have been reassured that the Israelis will not embarrass their American friends .
The Arab League is set to meet later this month to advise the Palestinian leadership whether or not to engage in direct talks with Israel .
All successful efforts in the Middle East conflict have not occurred in front of cameras and through publicly declared direct talks .
If the proximity talks are replaced with direct talks in which the US is not physically inside the negotiating room , there is no guarantee that the stronger partner will not try to bully the weaker one .
He felt that the situation was not right for direct talks .
Clinton , who was embroiled in domestic problems , badly needed an international success , and assured Arafat that fingers would not be pointed at either party if the talks failed .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000 .
The Israelis want talks without conditions , even though Netanyahu has imposed his own condition on the Palestinians : recognition of Israel as a Jewish state , and acceptance of a demilitarized Palestinian state that does not include Jerusalem and the Jordan valley .
Make no mistake : this is not a call to arms or an appeal for a violent uprising .
Withdrawal by the US from the current push to restart negotiations would send a clear message that bad behavior will not be tolerated , and would encourage Israelis , who overwhelmingly want peace , to force a change in their own government 's position .
Public-opinion polls have consistently shown that the majority of Israelis and Palestinians want peace -LRB- not a peace process -RRB- based on a two-state solution .
So what is needed is not negotiations , but political will .
Its inability to end the 44-year military occupation of Palestinian lands has not gone unnoticed .
The US had not revised its policy , even with an African immigrant 's son living in the White House .
But , for the moment , Arabs are not demonstrating against America .
This is not the first time that the UN has been called upon to arbitrate the intractable Middle East conflict ; nor have only Palestinians approached .
Mahmoud Abbas , the chairman of the PLO and President of the Palestinian Authority , who has vowed not to run for re-election , has chosen to take the path of UN recognition rather than continue with the charade of useless -- indeed , harmful -- direct talks .
Few Palestinians see anything wrong with the move , although many are not certain that it will produce much in the way of immediate and tangible results .
But if the UN move does not bear fruit within a reasonable timeframe , the public might turn against its political leaders -- as well as against the Israeli occupiers .
The UN General Assembly , unlike the Security Council , can not declare a state , and the US has vowed to veto any Security Council resolution that recognizes Palestine 's independence .
Palestinians ' desire to obtain a UN vote on statehood -LRB- in whatever form -RRB- does not mean that they can not have direct negotiations with Israel .
Palestinian spokesmen , including Abbas , have said that they see no reason why representatives of the newly recognized state can not negotiate with representatives of Israel . If the UN vote succeeds , however , it will not be a people talking with their occupiers , but two states negotiating about how to manage their relations in peace and harmony .
As chairman of the PLO , he will be under extreme pressure not to delegitimize the internationally sanctioned acts of resistance against Israeli military targets .
As in the issue of the militarization of the intifada , this is not a simple matter , as it concerns forces outside the control of Abbas and his government .
The first advantage is that you 're not burdened with Ariel Sharon 's negative image among Palestinians and Arabs .
As an example , Hamas leaders point out that in the past year , with the moderate Mahmoud Abbas in power , the Israelis have not even negotiated with him .
So , from their point of view , Israel is not going to rush to negotiate with any Palestinian authority , whether it recognizes Israel 's right to exist or not .
While the poll showed that an overwhelming 73 % of Palestinians still support a peace deal with Israel , they are not confident that any deal is around the corner .
But Palestinians have shown over the years that they are a proud people who will not cave in just because the other side is militarily or politically more powerful .
In any case , Hamas can not be blamed for using America 's push for democracy to attain popular goals .
After all , anyone who wants to be re-elected must give priority to the needs of their own people and not necessarily to the demands of the international community .
What is clear is that Hamas and the Palestinians want an end to the 38-year Israeli occupation , and that selling Palestinians the same plans that were sold to the PLO will not work .
Lessons of the Lebanon War Wars are won not only on battlefields , but also in people 's minds .
So , while Hezbollah has not decisively won its current war with Israel , by maintaining its ability to fight in the face of the might of the Israeli army , it has captured the imagination of Arabs , restoring lost pride in the same way as the Egyptian Army 's crossing of the Suez Canal in the war of 1973 did .
Whether or not the war in Lebanon has helped or hurt the Palestinians is unclear .
Palestinians continue to be killed on a daily basis not only in Gaza but also in Nablus , in the West Bank .
Yet the connection between the two wars has not gone unnoticed .
Olmert reportedly did not see the need .
Important as they are , however , the prisoners are not the crux of the matter . The real issue is the unilateralism that has been adopted by the major parties that have ruled Israel .
And , although the West Bank has not been used to launch rockets against Israel , there is no reason why the Palestinians who reside there will not resort to such weapons if walls continue to be built deep inside their territories and Israel continues to act with arrogance towards them .
They need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply can not and should not be solved by brute force .
Al Jazeera not only provided live interviews and broadcasts from the field ; it introduced live debate to the Arab world .
But this changed dramatically after 9\/11 , when it became clear that Iraqi and Afghan civilian victims of US bombs -LRB- as well as prisoners of war -RRB- would receive more coverage than was being provided by the embedded western media machine -LRB- Al Jazeera 's one embedded journalist did not remain so very long -RRB- .
Despite its popularity , however , Al Jazeera has not succeeded financially .
Because of his prison term , Anwar was not able to run in the latest election .
For five decades , its democracy has not been premised on a daily test of ideas -- whether between political parties or through grassroots engagement -- that is then confirmed at the ballot box .
Arguably , the best legacy Anwar might eventually leave Malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the UMNO and the National Front , but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into Malaysian politics -- a project he has shown himself keen to promote .
The practice of politics not only can but must be reconciled with the imperatives of honesty .
Our ordinary standards of decency and righteousness can not always be applied - but not because cynicism and hypocrisy are all that matter in politics .
But things are not that simple .
History is not an idyll and politicians ' biographies do not read like the lives of the saints .
This does not mean that we can not identify honest politicians when we see them .
Kant 's second type is the moral politician , who rejects cynical pragmatism but does not succumb to naive moralising .
He is not naive , and knows that patience , compromise , and a policy of small steps are often needed .
Yet in pursuing partial goals he will not lose sight of higher objectives .
But political honesty is not the sole responsibility of politicians .
I am a political practitioner , first and foremost . So I know that no theory , no amount of analysis , can free a politician from bouts of soul-searching , from troubling his or her conscience with questions about what is and what is not honest when confronting political choices .
Nevertheless , the more pragmatic Europe 's policies are , the greater the chances of success , not least when it comes to global issues .
Agreement in these areas is not merely a reflection of some lowest common denominators ; in each area , Europe has contributed important added value at a global level .
It is nevertheless comforting that Europe 's differences on global issues have not had an excessive impact on the EU 's internal dynamics .
The war in Iraq did not delay the Union 's `` big bang '' enlargement , and was not the reason for the failure of referenda in France and the Netherlands on the Constitutional and Lisbon treaties .
Doing Good Efficiently COPENHAGEN -- Policymakers can concoct many excuses not to invest in global aid and development projects .
That does not mean that the planet should ignore climate change .
Estonia did not need to ponder long about the options it faced .
Indeed , EU and NATO membership are complimentary , not contradictory , goals .
The EU itself , however , is not an organization for collective defense .
But in today 's Europe , neutrality in the traditional sense does not exist . Indeed , what precisely are we to be neutral about ?
If neutrality and EU membership are not viable security options , some say that we should seek guarantees that fall short of NATO membership .
In the last century Estonians believed in security guarantees and the Finns did not .
This is why our belief in collective security is so acute ; it is why we understand the need to be not only `` consumers '' of security but providers of it as well .
It can not be subject to a third party veto or geopolitical factors .
On our side it will mean doing our homework so as to be prepared for membership . As part of the Alliance , the Baltic nations will provide living proof that NATO is not about war and aggression , but about peace , democracy and stability .
They are not alone .
Yet , despite these authoritarian leaders ' apparently solid grip on power , ensuring that a relative takes over is not as simple as it seems .
But Bouteflika 's most likely successors , including his brother , almost certainly will not have this tie .
While business interests are not as openly discussed in Tunisia , they are no less unpopular .
Shamefully , it did not .
As Oliver Wendell Holmes famously put it in a 1919 US Supreme Court decision , `` Even the most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting ` fire ' in a crowded theater and causing a panic . ''
Banning someone from shouting `` Fire ! '' in a crowded theater is not the same , however , as convicting him for holding and propagating an opinion , even a despicable one , such as anti-Semitism .
The reason , as US Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis put it , is that `` If there be time to expose through discussion the falsehood and fallacies , to avert the evil by the processes of education , the remedy to be applied is more speech , not enforced silence . ''
But Ellwanger 's appeal , which took almost a year for Brazil 's Supreme Court to hear and decide , put Brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as Jews in Brazil - can not be allowed in the name of freedom of speech .
The Jews , the defense claimed , do not constitute a race .
In fact , the Jews are , of course , not a race , but then neither are whites , blacks , mulattos , Indians , gypsies , Arabs , or any other subgroup of human beings .
The truth of a racist belief is not the issue .
Abuse of public authority for private gain is not acceptable .
But not all G-20 countries have yet ratified UNCAC -- the United Nations Convention against Corruption -- which provides a framework for countries to develop their own laws to stamp out the use of safe havens for criminals stealing from the developing world .
Countries that have not signed the convention should quickly do so .
Financial institutions should also not do business with non-cooperative jurisdictions -- areas that do n't comply with the rules .
Fighting corruption is vital , not simply because it is the right thing to do , but because failing to do so affects us all .
But this rebalancing , too , has not happened sufficiently , and if the advanced economies succumb to recession , nobody will escape .
Everyone nowadays seems obsessed about the question as to whether or not Islam can be reconciled with modernization .
In fact , modernization does not entail Westernization , as the example of contemporary Japan demonstrates .
National income did not stagnate , as nationalist historians once maintained , but grew modestly , at an average annual rate of 1.1 % .
If India can now complete the unfinished business of fully integrating into the global economy , there is no reason why it can not improve upon its impressive recent growth performance .
The notion of sustainability asserts that natural capital , such as forests , wildlife , and other natural resources can not be substituted by manmade capital .
-LRB- Malaria may even be -RRB- a blessing in disguise , since a large proportion of the malaria belt is not suited to agriculture , and the disease has helped to keep man from destroying it -- and from wasting his substance on it . ''
A strong yen can not prevent this .
Mr. Koizumi 's timidity is not personal but , says Deepak Lal , reflects the stifling irresponsibility of Japan 's political structures .
Indeed , the continuing influence of the Meiji tradition clearly implies that Japan 's post-war economic `` miracle '' could not have been due to the enlightened dirigisme of a developmental state , as many Western commentators believe .
They reject the widely accepted view , based on early sacred texts , that ancient believers did not ban the slaughter of cattle , and that such a ban probably became part of the Hindu moral code only around the fifth and sixth centuries AD , when the later Puranas were written .
He did not ask for money ; he was only interested in updating his records .
Deconstructionists do not believe that any settled `` facts '' exist .
Hu 's unbridled glorification of `` Mao Zedong Thought , '' coupled with his suppression of dissent in the media , has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian , but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals , both inside and outside China , who hoped that Hu would be a reform-minded leader .
Hu , by contrast , seems to find little fault with the status quo , under which the Party remains in charge of not only government , but also state enterprises .
Moreover , Hu has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in China 's impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan .
Those who impose these restrictions follow a shared logic : they do not wish to see their own populations starve .
To put it simply : when it comes to tackling food security , trade is part of the solution , not part of the problem .
These are mere words , for in mind and action Putin does not want anyone to rule Ukraine that he has not put in place .
When Lithuania and then the other Baltic States -- Estonia and Latvia -- which were occupied by Stalin early in WWII , seized their opportunity for freedom in 1990-91 , the Kremlin did not sit on its hands .
But these defeats did not inspire the Kremlin to abandon the basic strategy .
Indeed , in the very week that Putin was meddling in Ukraine 's presidential election , he was threatening to blockade one of those statelets , Georgia 's Abkhazia region , after it had the temerity to vote for a president the Kremlin did not like .
The test for Viktor Yushchenko and his Orange revolutionaries , as it was for Lithuania 's democrats in 1990-91 , is to show that democracy does not mean that the majority suppresses any minority .
But Estonians , Latvians , and Lithuanians are not the only Europeans who should feel this way .
When Stalin offered Hitler his friendship in the spring of 1939 -- formally concluded that summer in the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- Nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the East and so was left with free hands to do as Hitler pleased in the West .
Their peoples were treated practically as though they did not exist ; the aggressors ' only concern was territory .
As a result , cities in those countries were flattened and people killed not only by the Nazis , but also by their Soviet ally , which invaded Poland and supplied the Wehrmacht with the material it needed for its war against the West .
We must not forget the crimes that Hitler and Stalin committed together as de facto allies only because they later turned on each other .
These eye-popping statistics have sparked a widespread , sometimes rancorous debate about whether people are taking far more medication than is needed for problems that may not even be mental disorders .
Vázquez 's term ends in March 2010 . He can not run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close .
If the FA does not win the first round , it will not secure the absolute majority that Vázquez has enjoyed , limiting the government 's capacity for innovation . Furthermore , while Mujica has majority support within the FA , he is not the sole chief of the party but just the head of one of its competing factions .
Indeed , Niyazov 's demise highlights the broader problems of Central Asia 's post-Soviet regimes , which , with the exception of Kyrgyzstan , are run by Soviet-era bosses who , while not nearly as eccentric or egomaniacal as Niyazov , tolerate little dissent or opposition .
First , US officials did not lay the political and psychological groundwork for deployment .
Unlike the Iraq operation , the planned missile defense deployment will almost certainly require approval by the Polish parliament . This approval can not be taken for granted .
The government will need to explain to a skeptical Polish population and parliament why the deployment is in Poland 's national interest -- not just America 's interest -- and how it enhances Polish security .
Simply saying , `` because the Americans want it '' will not be enough .
Finally , Ukraine 's turn toward Russia would set back prospects for democratic reform in Russia itself for years , if not decades , and make any serious `` reset '' of US-Russian relations in the near term much more difficult .
In short , now is not the time to pursue a policy of benign neglect .
But Turkey 's historical experience and political evolution differ in important ways from Arab countries ' . As a result , its model can not easily be transplanted .
But , in transforming Turkey , Ataturk did not begin entirely from scratch .
These important pre-conditions do not exist in the Arab Middle East .
Ultimately , the Arab countries do not have the benefit of Turkey 's tradition of moderate Islam or its history of successfully fusing Islam and Westernization .
Sky-high interest rates gave way to massive devaluations , wiping out corporate balance sheets , wrecking havoc on domestic banks , even sometimes provoking widespread civil unrest . One response to these countries ' recent turmoil is to argue that their exchange rates were not `` hard '' enough .
After all , officials can not easily devalue a currency whose exchange rate is set by law , as with currency boards -- much less one that , through official dollarization , no longer exists .
If a country 's monetary policy can not be trusted , the best remedy , this logic suggests , is to limit or eliminate its capacity to have one . Yet the hard-money cure can not withstand scrutiny .
Because this arrangement requires the central bank to back the entire monetary base with foreign reserves , it can not act as lender of last resort to the domestic banking sector when crisis strikes .
Currency boards , with their strict rules governing monetary policy , make sense only where governments adhere to their own laws and can not change them by fiat .
Little wonder , then , that international investors do not regard emerging-markets with floating currencies as inherently riskier , notwithstanding their supposed lower credibility .
To this extent , hard money is not only a poor cure , but it mis-diagnoses the disease .
It is not necessary to consider countries in Africa or the Middle East to understand the problem .
Blaming the Spanish conquerors or the economic empires of the twentieth century can not hide the fact that huge amounts of money financed corrupt governments , inefficient bureaucracies , big and useless `` development '' projects such as industrial plants or mineral mills , or a wide variety of subsidies to buy off powerful interest groups .
But not only Evo Morales ' movement is trapped by the illusions of dirigisme .
Morales and Chávez always emphasize their humble origins in order to appeal emotionally to those who share those characteristics with them , and to blackmail those who do not .
In such schemes , Chávez has so far had more success than Morales , whose Constitutional Assembly has not yet been able to organize itself .
Chávez and Morales , each in his own way , have taken advantage of this situation , worsening conditions to enfeeble their opponents and living off the wealth generated by natural resources , not new economic activity .
Concentration of resources is probably the key factor , because it increases both the discretionary power of whoever controls them and the population 's social expectations , which in the end can not ever be met , because the caudillo 's power depends on maintaining that concentration of resources . Caudillismo will be weakened only if profits are not captured by the state , but directly shared with citizens in a stable and continuous manner .
But his immense popularity over the past five years suggests that most Bolivians do not seem very worried in putting their country 's democracy at risk .
But it is not only local governments that have benefited ; through cash transfers created during the so called neo-liberal years , families have gained as well , most importantly through a universal and non-contributive old-age pension benefit given to persons over 60 , which reaches slightly more than 30 % of households .
These not only increase household spending , but also offer opportunities for trade , in both the formal and informal sectors , making it the most successful policy in the fight against poverty .
These illicit activities are not intended , but they increase the income of peasants , transporters , builders , and businessmen .
At the end of 2010 , for example , the Morales government decided to eliminate fuel subsidies in order to reduce the fiscal drain of importing market-rate energy and selling it at prices that have not changed in ten years .
But the claim against Chile does not seem to have the same attraction that it had in the past , and the election of judges to the Supreme Court and the Constitutional Tribunal backfired .
It is not just the media and the government that is fanning the flames of this hatred .
This does not sound like the tolerant , fair , and just society for which Sweden would like to be known .
Ultimately , change will not come unless and until Sweden 's leaders address these problems .
Even a tolerant country such as Sweden must not tolerate those who preach intolerance .
Moreover , the fish will not have had a chance to reproduce , undermining the fish stock altogether .
For example , early in the twentieth century , you would not find a mature cod in the North Sea less than about 50 centimeters in length , whereas by the 1980 's mature cod were as small as 15 centimeters .
Well known , low-cost , and low-tech interventions do not reach those most in need -- for example immunization against tetanus , exclusive breastfeeding , simple care for low-weight babies , and antibiotics for infection .
Studying science should begin with physics , not biology .
It was not a physicist , but a biologist , Julius Meyer , who first proposed the law of conservation of energy from a study of biological energy processes .
There is no job , no profession , civic activity that will not profit from this kind of education .
Once a disease of men in their fifties and sixties , it is not unusual for women in their twenties to develop basal cell cancer or squamous cell cancer .
This protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit `` suicide '' to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to daughter cells . -LRB- This is perhaps the first indication that self-sacrifice may be an intrinsic human trait ! -RRB-
Damaged by the sun , but not quite able to commit suicide , the mutated cell continues to proliferate at the expense of normal surrounding cells , resulting in a pre-cancerous growth that can progress to a full-blown squamous cell carcinoma .
As young people consider themselves immortal , not even appeals to lifelong vanity , let alone warnings about cancer , are sufficient to deter them from the tanning booths .
But the difficulties of educating the public about the causes of skin cancer do not diminish our obligation to try .
There are enough other diseases about which we do not have a clue as to the cause .
Of course , there is some truth in this characterization of America -LRB- and quite a lot in that of Bush -RRB- , but the picture is not uniformly bleak .
It is not just California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold Kyoto targets for his state that may become a pacemaker of All-American modernization again .
The rich North can not continue as before , emerging industrial countries must leave the old industrial-based path to prosperity , and the rest of the world may not even embark upon it .
But , if the 2 ° C target is taken seriously , the twenty-first century will see countries that are not so far down the path of carbonization -LRB- such as large parts of Africa -RRB- , or that leave it in time -LRB- such as India and Pakistan -RRB- , able to become wealthy by helping societies that must de-carbonize rapidly .
This bank would also ensure that emissions trading did not run counter to the goal of remaining within the entire global budget , for example via the complete sale of unused emissions credits by individual developing countries at the beginning of the contract period .
A low-carbon society is not a crisis scenario , but rather the realistic vision of liberation from the path of expensive and risky over-development .
The Case for Opening Europe 's Borders It is time for Europe 's politicians to admit to voters that governments can not stop people moving across borders .
In addition , there is rising mistrust of politicians who can not fulfill promises to halt immigration , accompanied by perceptions of immigrants as law-breakers rather than enterprising people , and mistreatment of refugees aimed at deterring people who want to work from applying for asylum .
These problems are due not to immigrants , but to our immigration controls , which are not only costly and cruel , but also ineffective and counterproductive .
Immigrants are not an invading army ; they are mostly people seeking a better life who are drawn to Europe by the huge demand for workers to fill the low-end jobs that our aging and increasingly wealthy societies rely on , but which our increasingly well-educated and comfortable citizens are unwilling to take .
Many services can not readily be mechanized or imported -- old people can not be cared for by a robot or from abroad -- while people increasingly pay others to perform tasks that they once did themselves , freeing up their own time for more productive work or leisure .
This is not exploitation ; everyone -- migrants , taxpayers , and Europeans young and old -- is better off .
Nor does it undercut wages , since most Europeans do not want these jobs .
And it does not undermine social standards , because legal migrants have recourse to trade unions and the law .
Policymakers who want products and providers of high-skilled services to move freely but people who provide less-skilled services to stay put are not just hypocrites ; they are also economically illiterate .
These remittances are not wasted on weapons or siphoned off into Swiss bank accounts ; they go straight into local people 's pockets .
If open borders are not politically feasible for now , our leaders should at least create a legal route for people from developing countries to enter and work .
As a result , wealthy Middle Easterners , for example , invest their capital in developed countries , not at home ;
Japanese policymakers and business leaders do not understand the concept of `` creative destruction . '' Too many industrial dinosaurs are kept on life support .
In this respect , Europe is not much better , although its current restrictive immigration policies will likely be eased over the next decade or so .
The only solution for Japan is to open up - not only its economy , but its society , its universities , its media , its think tanks , and , indeed , its bars and bathhouses .
I have not excluded men a priori in this exercise , but none occurred to me , and in any case the EU establishment has too many middle-aged white men as it is .
Reviving the European dream , however , requires not just the choice of an individual .
Her boss , Nicolas Sarkozy , is vehemently opposed , but Sarkozy -LRB- who can not speak English and is computer illiterate -RRB- can hardly be described as a twenty-first-century role model .
This applies not only to Muslim citizens in the EU , but also to those in the Balkans -- notably Bosnia , Kosovo , and Albania -- in the former Soviet Union , and especially in Turkey .
This can not be accomplished overnight .
Yet not only is such a demand naïve , with the Bush team battling for re-election , it is not at all certain that most of America 's European allies would heed a US call for solidarity if one were issued .
A UN staff protected by US marines simply can not do that job .
The opinion also included the following remark : '' modern biotechnology , as a technique used in food production , can not be regarded in itself as ethical or unethical . ''
As the Nobel laureate economist Amartya Sen compellingly argues , hunger is not caused by a scarcity of food , but by a scarcity of democracy .
To be sure , the rise of populism in Europe was not caused by the French ; nationalism is deeply rooted in Europe 's history and has many causes .
Europeans need to recognize that strength lies in unity , and that Europe 's integration can not be guaranteed without a common constitutional framework that promotes a common identity .
Until we think in terms of European sovereignty , rather than fret over risks to national sovereignty , the present crisis can not be overcome .
Today , Europeans can not even agree on the nature of the Russian regime , let alone what policy to adopt towards it .
By his early twenties , Armstrong was becoming a force in the racing world , but all was not well .
The trouble is that data about the `` will to live '' among cancer patients are not so rosy .
One 1989 study showed that women with metastatic breast cancer who attended support groups survived longer , but these results have not been duplicated .
A recent study showed that a positive attitude did not lengthen the lives of lung cancer patients .
Unfortunately , in the world of cancer , this may not be so .
Of course , working conditions may be experienced as threatening even when objectively they are not , or trivial symptoms may be interpreted as manifestations of serious illness .
Activation of our `` fight or flight '' mechanism is an appropriate adaptive response when facing a wolf pack , but not so when struggling to adjust to rotating shifts , monotonous and fragmented tasks , or over-demanding customers .
Although it is likely , the short - and long-term outcomes of such changes may not always suffice in the fight against work-related stress .
The differences in the economies of the two countries plays a role in shaping the rivalry between them , though it does not seem to determine what happens .
As the battle against terrorism takes shape , it will become a question as to whether or not Turkey and Iran remain players , or become pawns , of the new Great Power rivals .
In Russia , the only legal option in these cases is `` total guardianship , '' which is applied indefinitely and can not be challenged by the adult in question .
The UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities -- a new human rights treaty that Russia helped draft , but has not yet signed -- mandates these alternatives , and represents an opportunity for Russia to undertake crucial human rights reforms on this issue .
Western governments were typically indifferent , if not hostile , to African liberation movements .
By contrast , African countries often see the worst sides of multinationals : energy , mineral , and precious metal companies go where resources are , not where it 's pleasant to work .
But sub-Saharan Africa 's potential relationship with global corporations need not be so limited .
The problem is acute in Britain , not only because of our current troop deployments in Afghanistan and Iraq , but also because of the unfair systems by which NATO-led missions and military operations under the European Security and Defense Policy -LRB- ESDP -RRB- are financed .
Better military and financial burden-sharing within both NATO and the ESDP would not only benefit the United Kingdom , but would also help to alleviate some of the pressure on other national defense budgets in Europe .
To date , this has not happened .
For NATO to work properly , its members must be prepared not only to supply troops and equipment for NATO-led military operations , but also to fund and sustain these operations until missions are completed .
This is not sustainable .
Moreover , solving NATO 's burden-sharing problem is not enough .
Currently , non-EU members of NATO that contribute troops to an operation can not vote -- or even be present at votes -- when the Athena Special Committee sets the mission budget , even though their troops will fight and possibly die . This is discriminatory , undemocratic , and no way to treat important allies like Norway and Turkey .
Given the sharp contrast between Premier Wen Jiabao 's caring attitude during the earthquake and President Hu Jintao 's mediocre political performance , some people could not help but imagine that the earthquake may have tipped the balance at the Communist Party 's highest levels , pushing the liberal forces represented by Wen to the center of power .
But the Sichuan earthquake was not completely irrelevant to China 's political progress .
This precedent will not be easy to roll back , and will have a far-reaching positive influence on China 's political progress .
Thousands of people , including nearly 10,000 school children , whose parents will not be easily placated , lost their lives .
Bureaucrats must not be allowed to spend the huge donations collected and state relief funds allotted in an arbitrary manner .
But this does not mean that someone will emerge from the Party with the courage and ability to assume bold political leadership .
Of course , competence and responsibility for arms-export controls and licensing rests with member states , not EU institutions .
But the common position does not specify the extent to which another member state should be consulted .
More importantly , it does not require the arms-exporting member state to consult with any other member state that might have concerns .
Clearer rules for the consultation mechanism need to be elaborated , and arms-exporting EU member states should consult all other member governments that might have concerns , not only those that have previously issued or denied an export license .
This means that cooperation with non-EU countries should not be to the detriment of solidarity and common rules within the EU .
But Article 4 does not relate only to imminent threats .
These issues are of concern to all allies , so discussions should not be confined to bilateral agendas .
Solidarity can not be achieved when our most important institutions are excluded .
Indeed , some of the most dangerous decisions taken in both the EU and NATO are those that are not openly discussed beforehand .
The draft constitution that recently failed to gain acceptance in the first round of negotiations not only promises to respect cultural heritage ; it obliges the Union actively to protect , maintain , and develop the wealth of Europe 's cultural and linguistic diversity .
But Europe can succeed in this task only if its various constituent cultures do not seal themselves off from one another .
Within a mobile and open Europe , there can be no fencing off of foreign cultures ; contact can not be avoided .
Moreover , the current EU member states will not only have to be able to tolerate the criticism by central , eastern , and southern Europeans of western civilization , but also to take such criticism into consideration as they ponder policy .
Language is not just a means of communication . Language is culture .
Of course , multilingualism , empathy , tolerance , and the acquisition of knowledge about foreign cultures can not be decreed like taxes .
A pioneering firm 's success or failure in upgrading and\/or diversifying will influence whether other firms follow or not .
In Ecuador , a country that is now a successful exporter of cut flowers , farmers would not grow flowers decades ago because there was no modern cooling facility near the airport , and private firms would not invest in such facilities without a supply of flowers for export .
WASHINGTON , DC -- One of the best-kept economic secrets was strongly reconfirmed in 2010 : most countries , intentionally or not , pursue an industrial policy in one form or other .
This is true not only of China , Singapore , France , and Brazil -- countries usually associated with such policies -- but also for the United Kingdom , Germany , Chile , and the United States , whose industrial policies are often less explicit .
One reason is the domination of private firms on the production side . Another is the fact that `` socialism '' usually does not rely upon strong economic incentives and competition , which are the dominant economic factors in today 's China .
In fact , China is a type of mixed economy , with a number of specific features , some of which favor GDP growth , while others have not dragged down the economy to any considerable extent so far .
In both cases , reducing corruption will require not only government pep talks against bad ethics , but also institutional reforms , including further deregulation , stronger property rights , and more privately owned assets .
Although economic performance during this period was not dismal , it was certainly not impressive .
But this does not explain why 14 countries not only caught up with Sweden during this period , but surpassed it in terms of GDP per capita .
Such an argument is not difficult to make . China is currently pursuing a contradictory set of policies that paradoxically undermines its own economy while propping up America 's by accommodating pump-priming by the Federal Reserve .
As it is , the valuation of a country 's currency is not so much determined by the performance of its economy as by the forces of supply and demand on foreign-exchange markets .
This would not be catastrophic per se , but amending the constitution again to favor one of the players would undermine the country 's relatively deep political institutionalization -- one of the factors that has helped attract foreign investors .
The problem is that a weakened FARC may expose the government to popular pressure to launch negotiations , even if FARC does not declare a cease-fire .
Investors will know that Colombia is not a one-man show , and that the political system 's vaunted institutionalization and effective checks and balances are real .
In this atmosphere of public silence , the virtually vacant public space is filled with odd voices that are not intended for public consumption .
The public at large was basically unaware of Khodorkovsky 's letter , because the state television networks did not report it .
Khodorkovsky 's letter may have appeared in the public space , but it was not intended for public consumption . Rather , it was like the `` I love you '' billboard .
The Russian Revival Russia 's national revival and new assertiveness under President Vladimir Putin is not really home made but reflects highly auspicious international conditions .
Indeed , Russia is increasingly attaching ever greater significance to its relations with China , something of a strategic shift in foreign policy , even if it is not yet clear how close Russia wants to be get to China .
But bullying Georgia and Moldova , demonstrating support for Hamas , or indulging North Korea do not seem to be guided by any strategic sense of Russia 's far-reaching interests . They seem guided by pure and simple spite .
No one can say , but Russia 's history in this regard is not a source of hope .
Despite all this , the situation is not sufficiently dire to push Russia 's leaders to open at least some channels of genuine public participation and yield any of their power .
And , unlike in the late 1980 's and 1990 's , Russia is not indebted to foreign banks or international organizations , though it plans to resume foreign borrowing next year .
But such disputes never spill over into the broad public sphere ; members of the elite are primarily concerned about social and political stability and would not stir the public by seeking support for an alternative policy course .
Russians may be concerned by growing unemployment and reduced incomes , but this is not manifesting itself in any drive to organize or try to effect political change .
Polls consistently demonstrate that the Russian people are not deluded : they routinely respond in surveys that government officials are corrupt and self-serving .
And yet Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who still remains Russia 's most powerful person despite his not holding the presidency , has enjoyed high and steady approval ratings for years .
Russian leaders ' high ratings do not , however , indicate a rational preference for the incumbents over potential contenders ; with political competition in Russia eviscerated , comparison and choice are not part of the political left .
Rather , these poll numbers are a `` vote '' for the status quo ; they convey a broadly shared sense that political change is not desired , notwithstanding terrorist attacks , technological catastrophes , lawless police , or rigged elections .
Political opposition groups do not attract public support , which makes it easy for the government to suppress them .
The Kremlin may have monopolized decision-making , but it is largely non-intrusive and enables citizens to live their own lives and pursue their own interests -- as long as they do not encroach on the government realm .
Nevertheless , the last 20 years of broad individual freedom and limited civil liberties have generated shifts in Russian society -- if not across the board , then certainly among certain groups .
But , despite opportunities for self-expression , community building and activism remain marginal and do not alter or weaken the state 's dominance over society .
Continued surveillance and infection control measures will be required to ensure that the accomplishments of the last few months are not undone by a few undetected cases that touch off new SARS hot spots .
Surveillance will not be easy .
Today 's rulers dare not face up to their own experiences or moral responsibility .
So , three decades after the Cultural Revolution ended , the national self-examination that China requires has not yet begun .
Yet all but a few old Red Guards remain silent , saying , `` it is not worth remembering . ''
They do not mention their own barbaric assaults , vandalism , and looting , or their kangaroo courts .
To call for those people who applied violence and persecuted others to examine themselves and repent is not intended to mete out legal responsibility and moral judgment .
As long as the Cultural Revolution remains unaccounted for , it will not have ended .
If historical truth is not restored , the lessons can not be learned .
After all , this did not occur in the transition from Bill Clinton to Bush .
Latin America , frankly , will not occupy an eminent position in any future US foreign policy .
But that is not to say America has no interest in the region .
The `` new class '' that populates them does not demonize foreign capital .
As a result , Cuba will continue to import a lot of food , most of it at a price that the population can not afford .
Migration , an option financed by remittances from relatives in the United States , was not made any more flexible , either .
Cuba can not remain isolated , dependent on Venezuelan petrodollars and penalized by America 's ill-conceived trade embargo .
But China 's government clings to the belief that Hong Kong 's people are not ready for democracy .
The British and Chinese governments in the 1980 's designed Hong Kong 's awkward political system during their negotiations over the eventual transfer of sovereignty . Its purpose was to ensure that the will of the public could not be fully expressed through the ballot box .
It noted that people increasingly adopted informal means of expressing unhappiness with Hong Kong 's government , because they did not think that formal channels were sufficient .
Furthermore , the majority did not think democratization would hurt the economy , although there were clear concerns that political instability could arise from China 's intervention in Hong Kong affairs .
Corporate employers are even complaining about not being able to attract overseas talent .
China is exporting not only more and more goods , but also its environmental degradation .
And Hong Kong 's economic blueprint also focuses on accelerating large infrastructure projects whose environmental impact has not been rigorously examined .
It will not be easy for leaders on either side of the border to reverse gears , but there is still chance that people and companies can make a difference .
If these reforms are not trumped by efforts to maintain high growth at all costs , the region could not only clean itself up while continuing to prosper , but could also establish a model for all of China .
Hong Kong 's leaders to do not want to end up on that infamous list .
Of course , in the best of all worlds , we would not need to choose our priorities .
The rise in the twenty-first century will be worse and should not be trivialized , but the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change estimates that the total cost of adaptation will be around 0.1 % of GDP .
To say this is not to suggest laissez faire .
Thousands died in Haiti during recent hurricanes , but not in Florida , because Haitians are poor and can not take preventive measures .
Breaking the circle of poverty by addressing the most pressing issues of disease , hunger , and polluted water will not only do obvious good ; it will also make people less vulnerable to the effects of climate change .
Global warming really is the moral test of our time , but not in the way its proponents imagine .
However , such incentives do not address the problem of low-quality education , and research shows that the benefits do not always outweigh the costs .
The biggest challenge is that people do not always get the healthcare they need .
Moreover , cultural barriers reduce the wellbeing of those who do not speak the dominant language , especially indigenous communities .
The reasoning is practical , not ideological : private providers are often available in places lacking public facilities .
Mexico has chosen a targeted insurance scheme for households that are not covered by social security scheme and are too poor to afford private insurance .
Being born poor or in a remote village should not consign anybody to the misery of going without decent health care .
If you reduce your child 's intake of fruits and vegetables by just 0.03 grams a day -LRB- that 's the equivalent of half a grain of rice -RRB- when you opt for more expensive organic produce , the total risk of cancer goes up , not down .
We are not told , however , that over the past 40 years -- while temperatures have risen -- the global polar bear population has increased from 5,000 to 25,000 .
Perhaps surprisingly , not everything of concern should be dealt with immediately .
So policymakers need to provide them with an incentive not to .
Although the Merck project successfully raised money for Costa Rican biodiversity research , few if any drugs have been developed , and the model has not been transferred elsewhere .
Thus , the potential for pharmaceutical development will not provide strong encouragement to private landowners or companies to protect their land .
This requires developing a payment culture , as well as providing a safety net for those citizens who can not afford to pay .
On a hot day in New York , locals sprawl out on the grass fields of Central Park , not on asphalt parking lots or concrete sidewalks .
In August , temperatures there climbed 12.5 oC above the surrounding countryside , reaching 40oC -- a scorching heat that affected not only the downtown area , but also covered some 8,000 square kilometers .
Despite dramatic increases over the past 50 or 100 years , these cities have not come tumbling down .
Even if policymakers were successful in creating an environment that better rewards investment and thus promotes faster growth , Latin America 's ills would not be solved .
Although there is not yet enough evidence to assess the cost-benefit ratios of specific policies , the evidence available suggests that policy-makers should also prioritize improving the provision of education , creating more secure property rights through land reform , promoting microfinance , and improving rural infrastructure .
I am glad that he did not , and that the IPCC 's work has rightfully been acknowledged .
Climate change is not the only problem facing the globe .
This is not primarily a result of global warming , but a consequence of more people and less arable land in the developing world .
However , the contrast between this year 's Nobel winners could not be sharper .
Whenever we prioritize , we not only say where we should do more -LRB- which is good -RRB- but also where we should not increase our efforts -LRB- which is regarded as cynical -RRB- .
But not talking about priorities does not make the need to prioritize go away .
But the Copenhagen Consensus showed us not only what we should be doing , but also what should not be done -- at least not right now .
This does not mean that we should ignore climate change .
Why did thousands die in Haiti during the recent hurricanes and not in Florida ?
They can not take preventive measures .
Breaking the cycle of poverty by addressing the most pressing issues of disease , hunger , and polluted water will not only do obvious good , but also make people less vulnerable .
The urgent problem of the poor majority of this world is not climate change .
Their problems are more basic : not dying from easily preventable diseases ; not being malnourished from lack of simple micronutrients ; not being prevented from exploiting opportunities in the global economy by lack of free trade .
These are not space-age technologies , but staple goods that the world needs .
In any case , corruption alone is not the essential problem .
Increases in civil service salaries are not a sufficient policy response ; structural reforms also are needed .
Of course , not all programs are successful , but some effective cases of procurement and revenue reform have benefits 100 times higher than the costs .
The low representation of women in legislatures is not only a symbol of flaws in the functioning of Latin American democracies ; it also means that women legislators are unable to bring their intrinsically different approaches to policy into play .
It is not possible to predict with any accuracy the impact of an increase in the quota percentages in the open-list systems that currently have effective quota legislation .
The impact would be greatest -LRB- resulting in an approximately 20 % jump in the percentage of women elected -RRB- in systems that currently do not have effective quota legislation .
One way to enforce the rules may be to say that parties that do not comply with the legislation in a district should not be able to run candidates there .
Climate change policies are not the best way to reduce the effects of weather disasters .
Every dollar they spend on climate change research , for example , is money not being spent on disaster loss reduction research .
In fact , the target is not scientifically backed , and the suggestion that we could achieve it is entirely implausible .
The suspiciously round figure of 2 ° C provides one clue to the fact this target is not based in science .
Our failure to think clearly about such matters would be amusing if the potential consequences were not so serious .
As some conservative commentators like to point out , the environmental movement has indeed become a dark force , not metaphorically , but literally .
Curiously , nobody suggested that the `` lights out '' campaign should also mean no air conditioning , telephones , Internet , movies , hot food , warm coffee , or cold drinks -- not to mention the loss of security when street lights and traffic signals do n't work .
Curiously , but not surprisingly , this is not discussed very much .
With a cap-and-trade system , the costs -- in terms of jobs , household consumption , and economic growth -- are hidden , shifted around , and not easy to estimate , though models indicate they will run into trillions of dollars .
But this , not carbon emissions , should be the core of their climate change policy .
Of course , in the best of all worlds , we would not need to prioritize .
This does not mean losing sight of the need to tackle climate change .
This does n't mean that global warming is not true .
This is not terrifying or even particularly scary -- 30 centimeters is how much the sea rose over the last 150 years .
Increasingly , alarmists claim that we should not be allowed to hear such facts .
It is hard to keep up the climate panic as reality diverges from the alarmist predictions more than ever before : the global temperature has not risen over the past ten years , it has declined precipitously in the last year and a half , and studies show that it might not rise again before the middle of the next decade .
Hansen is not alone in trying to blame others for his message 's becoming harder to sell .
But the globe 's real problem is not a series of inconvenient facts . It is that we have blocked out sensible solutions through an alarmist panic , leading to bad policies .
Because increased demand for bio-fuels leads to cutting down carbon-rich forests , a 2008 Science study showed that the net effect of using them is not to cut CO2 emissions , but to double them .
In reality , the talks collapsed because nobody -- not Europe , not the United States , China , India , or the other main developing countries -- was willing to take the political short-term hit by offending inefficient farmers and coddled domestic industries in order to create greater long-term benefits for virtually everyone .
Free trade is good not only for big corporations , or for job growth .
The Worst of All Worlds COPENHAGEN -- Have you noticed how environmental campaigners almost inevitably say that not only is global warming happening and bad , but also that what we are seeing is even worse than expected ?
If we are regularly being surprised in just one direction , if our models get blindsided by an ever-worsening reality , that does not bode well for our scientific approach .
And if we can not trust our models , we can not know what policy action to take if we want to make a difference .
Yet , if new facts constantly show us that the consequences of climate change are getting worse and worse , high-minded arguments about the scientific method might not carry much weight .
But it is simply not correct that climate data are systematically worse than expected ; in many respects , they are spot on , or even better than expected .
But this is not at all what we have seen .
Temperatures in this decade have not been worse than expected ; in fact , they have not even been increasing .
Another part is that the so-called Arctic Oscillation of wind patterns over the Arctic Ocean is now in a state that it does not allow build-up of old ice , but immediately flushes most ice into the North Atlantic .
More importantly , we rarely hear that the Antarctic sea ice is not only not declining , but is above average for the past year .
Moreover , over the last two years , sea levels have not increased at all -- actually , they show a slight drop .
Should we not be told that this is much better than expected ?
But Emmanuel has now published a new study showing that even in a dramatically warming world , hurricane frequency and intensity may not substantially rise during the next two centuries .
That conclusion did not get much exposure in the media .
Of course , not all things are less bad than we thought .
But one-sided exaggeration is not the way forward .
A few years ago , however , the Danish Economic Council conducted a full evaluation of the wind turbine industry , taking into account not only its beneficial effects on jobs and production , but also the subsidies that it receives .
The net effect for Denmark was found to be a small cost , not benefit .
The crucial point is that many green technologies are not cost-effective , at least not yet .
The standard reply is that green technologies seem more expensive only because the price of fossil fuels does not reflect their climate costs .
During the massive investment associated with the Kyoto treaty , the participating countries ' investment in R&D as a percentage of GDP has declined , not increased .
But could it have grown more if it had not restricted CO2 emissions ?
Obama should seize the initiative and make the meeting in Copenhagen next year not about bloated subsidies for inefficient technologies , but about lean investments in future breakthroughs .
Because agricultural output will more than double over this period , climate change would at worst cause global food production to double not in 2080 but in 2081 .
In the era of satellite measurements , the rise has not accelerated -LRB- actually we 've seen a sea-level fall over the past two years -RRB- .
The main deviation has been the past two years of record-high food prices , caused not by climate change but by the policies designed to combat it : the dash for ethanol , which put food into cars and thus upward pressure on food prices .
But , more importantly for most of the planet 's citizens , global warming simply exacerbates existing problems -- problems that we do not take seriously today .
The other option is simply to prioritize eradication of malaria today . It would be relatively cheap and simple , involving expanded distribution of insecticide-treated bed nets , more preventive treatment for pregnant women , increased use of the maligned pesticide DDT , and support for poor nations that can not afford the best new therapies .
Of course , carbon cuts are not designed only to tackle malaria . But , for every problem that global warming will exacerbate -- hurricanes , hunger , flooding -- we could achieve tremendously more through cheaper , direct policies today .
This is not trivial , but nor is it the end of the world .
An African safari trip once confronted America 's new president with a question he could not answer : why the rich world prized elephants over African children .
But Gore 's fellow Nobel laureate , Rajendra Pachauri , the chair of the United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , is not so sure .
Some believe that past agreements did not go far enough , but Kyoto actually turned out to be overly ambitious .
Coal contributes strongly to global warming , but no amount of political theater can alter the inescapable fact that it also provides benefits that we can not yet replicate with renewable energy .
Regardless of whether we agree with the economists , everybody must admit that we can not do everything at once .
In the UK , an Opinium survey shows that most voters think green taxes are mainly for raising cash rather than the environment , and 7 out of 10 are not willing to pay more in taxes to combat climate change .
Measures that consistently over-promise and under-achieve at vast cost do not win hearts and minds in the best of times .
And this is manifestly not the best of times .
Contrary to what one would imagine , the Kyoto Protocol has not prompted this research .
Indeed , research investment has plummeted since the 1980 's and has actually not increased since , even among Kyoto-participating countries .
Why not do both : invest in R&D , but still promise to cut carbon emissions now ?
We will not keep them .
The climate threat is so great -- and democracies are doing so little about it -- that people conclude that maybe democracy is part of the problem , and that perhaps people ought not to be allowed to express heterodox opinions on such an important topic .
This is scary , although not without historical precedent .
The reduction in global temperature would not be measurable in a hundred years , yet the cost would be significant and payable now .
Everybody involved in this discussion should spend more time building and acknowledging good arguments , and less time telling others what they can not say .
Marine cloud whitening would not lead to permanent atmospheric changes , and could be used only when needed .
This would not cut carbon emissions spectacularly , but nor would it be a spectacular waste of public funds .
Taxing fossil fuels to reduce carbon emissions is a sensible part of the solution to climate change , but it is not the only or best way to prevent warming .
Moreover , although politicians focus nearly exclusively on cutting carbon emissions , CO2 is not the only gas causing warming .
Moreover , it is inconsistent with the inescapable fact that , whatever we do , we can not prevent all of global warming 's effects .
Adaptation would also mean saving many lives from catastrophes not related to global warming .
Reducing emissions to a level that does not extinguish economic growth could avert $ 3 trillion worth of damage , whereas adaptation could prevent around $ 8 trillion worth of damage .
Global Warming 's Technology Deficit COPENHAGEN -- Our current approach to solving global warming will not work .
We are not taking this challenge seriously .
Yet the needed technology will not be ready in terms of scalability or stability .
We are not even close to getting this revolution started .
The market alone is an ineffective way to stimulate research and development into uncertain technology , and a high carbon tax will simply hurt growth if alternatives are not ready .
On our current complacent path , with a meager $ 2 billion of public funds spent annually worldwide on researching and developing green energy sources , the necessary breakthroughs will not happen in time .
This is not just because they are much more expensive , but also because there are massive technological hurdles to overcome to make them efficient .
We can not rely on private enterprise alone .
As with medical research , early innovations will not reap significant financial rewards , so there is no strong incentive for private investment today .
What is required is not simply political will .
It is becoming obvious that the highly trumpeted meeting set for Copenhagen this December will not deliver a binding international treaty that will make a significant difference to global warming .
Many blame the United States , which will not have cap-and-trade legislation in place before Copenhagen .
Yet , it has been clear for a considerable time that there is a more fundamental problem : immediate promises of carbon cuts do not work .
A realistic `` Plan B '' does not mean plotting a second meeting after Copenhagen , as some have suggested . It means re-thinking our strategy .
While the blame game will not solve global warming , the mounting panic could lead to a positive outcome if it means we re-consider our current approach .
These people are not voiceless ; we just pay no attention to what they say .
The electricity is not working .
Michel is not Desi 's biological child .
Cruelly , this is not the case for parts of Africa that are already suffering from hunger .
Unlike , say , acid rain or smog , it is not `` a conventional environmental ` problem . ' ''
More often than not , what sound like horrific changes in climate and geography actually turn out to be manageable -- and in some cases even benign .
A 20-foot rise in sea levels -LRB- which , not incidentally , is about ten times more than the United Nations climate panel 's worst-case expectations -RRB- would inundate about 16,000 square miles of coastline , where more than 400 million people currently live .
In fact , it amounts to less than 6 % of the world 's population -- which is to say that 94 % of the population would not be inundated .
In all , according to Nicholls , Tol , and Vafeidis , the total cost of managing this `` catastrophe '' -- if politicians do not dither and pursue smart , coordinated policies -- would be about $ 600 billion a year , or less than 1 % of global GDP .
Like it or not , global warming is real , it is man-made , and we need to do something about it .
But we are not facing the end of the world .
But the cacophony of screaming that has accompanied it does not help .
The initiative to set up a `` bad bank '' in Sweden was taken not by politicians , but by the management of Nordbanken .
In contrast to today 's situation , the bad assets were usually entire companies , not complex securities .
Furthermore , the point was not to help private banks get rid of their troubled assets .
The assets either would have to be priced at far above their market value , with taxpayers thereby subsidizing the previous , failed owners , or the private bank would not have been helped at all .
All subsidies should be transparent , and public\/private bad banks are not .
· Maximizing taxpayers ' economic interests , not ideology or political considerations , must be the guiding principle .
While the dollar has risen recently against the euro , Europeans did not influence this .
Of course , Europe 's growing irrelevance is not entirely self-inflicted .
Despite its Lisbon agenda , EU enlargement , and the coming of the euro , Europe 's overall economic performance has not improved because it has neglected many basic and everyday issues .
Participation in a common financial market should not be allowed for free riders who refuse to share information .
The EU 's goal of spending 1 % of GDP on research by 2010 will not be met by any member state .
A dynamic and successful Europe is not a one-size-fits-all Europe , and European integration must not become a goal in itself , but a means to create sustainable prosperity .
Health care is not the only area where political decisions are matters of life and death .
Even so , we say that John died from cancer , not that he died from a policy decision to stop payment for cancer screening .
We say that Mary died in a car accident , not that she was a casualty of the Road Traffic Act .
In short , we do not usually identify policy decisions as the causes of individual deaths .
Indeed , the thought experiment of turning statistical lives into identifiable lives highlights an important point about policy-making : much , if not all , of the appeal of `` efficient '' resource allocation depends on the anonymity of the victims .
Why should they not fully embrace efficient resource allocation ?
Since there is no fairness problem here , would it not simply be irrational to reject efficiency ?
Whether or not you see a distinction between statistical lives and individual lives depends on whether you accord value not only to when you die , but also to how you die .
By contrast , when you die from the absence of prevention policies , you may be dying sooner than you otherwise would , but you are not being left to die .
Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they can not pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets .
Developments in these countries during the postcommunist years marked a gradual change from Russian to European influence , but that is not irreversible .
While Russia is not as politically or economically appealing as the EU , it can fall back on reliance on its natural resources to achieve its political objectives in adjacent territories .
Once Russia and the EU decide to consolidate their efforts , they would inevitably address their neighbors ' difficulties in the context of shared responsibility , not rivalry .
But model of integration followed from the 1990 's up until about 2005 was not a success .
Trade in humans and their bodies is not a new phenomenon , but today 's businesses are historically unique , because they require advanced biomedicine , as well as ideas and values that enhance the trade in organs .
A man I interviewed recently for a study of Swedes who had been on the waiting list , but who decided to purchase kidneys abroad , described to me his trip to Pakistan for the transplant : `` I 'm not the kind of man who uses other people , but I had to .
As always where demand exceeds supply , people may not accept waiting their turn -- and other countries and other peoples ' bodies give them the alternative they seek .
It is also realistic in not even trying to defend Iraq 's borders against American air power .
Of course , the troops may be made invulnerable to bombing by being billeted among the civilian population , but armored vehicles and artillery can not be hidden in apartment houses .
It is not clear how many street-fighters Saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces -LRB- the 5,000-man Al Amn al-Khas Special Security Service , the 4,000-man , al-Mukhabarat al-Amma General Intelligence Directorate , the 5,000-man Al-Istikhbarat al-Askariyya Military Intelligence , the 5,000 man Al Amn al-Askariyya Military Security Service , and the 8,000-man Mudiriyat al-Amn al-Amma General Security Service -RRB- whose 25,000-30 ,000 men are distributed throughout Iraq .
Saddam 's numerous secret police contain many clerks , executioners , and torturers , but not many trained soldiers .
Of course , US forces had better equipment , but well-trained forces can sometimes offset technical disadvantages to score kills if not to win .
Even so , ousting Saddam will not be easy .
With US\/UK ground forces outnumbered in most fights , and with many terrain obstacles to overcome , this dual offensives would be highly risky were it not for air power .
On the contrary , there will be less than half as many , not more than 700 in total .
It ordered the withdrawal from Gaza in order to stop the cycle of violence there , on the presumption that Israeli territory proper would not be attacked .
Hamas 's control of the Palestinian Authority does not diminish or increase the need for Israeli military action , but it does increase its political benefits , because the fighting and destruction tells Gaza 's population that their rulers are endangering their physical survival .
If Lebanon 's political forces and Nasrallah 's followers can not get him to revert to a truce , Israel will bomb more targets , including Nasrallah 's offices in south Beirut .
Likewise , the lack of defenses against short-range rockets with small warheads is simply common sense . They are just not powerful enough to justify spending billions of dollars for laser weapon systems the size of football fields .
Indeed , nor would such an offensive have eradicated Hezbollah , because it is a political movement in arms , and not just an army or a band of gunmen .
Unlike Yasser Arafat , who fought for eternal Palestine and not for actual Palestinians , whose prosperity and safety he was always willing to sacrifice for the cause , Nasrallah has a political constituency centered in southern Lebanon .
Indeed , were it not for the 400 fathers who petitioned for the rescue of their kidnapped children who had been sold into slavery , Hongdong County would still remain a tourism hot spot for Chinese people seeking their roots .
For slavery is not confined to Hongdong 's brick plants .
Fortunately , they were not beaten or buried alive for not showing up for their shift , as has happened to others .
They can not leave their homes to find their children .
Indeed , it is becoming increasingly clear that China opened its economy only to maintain the country 's over-mighty rulers in power , not to respect and enhance the lives of ordinary Chinese .
Although China 's government does not keep any of its international commitments on economic , social , and cultural rights , the world 's democracies appear to have lost their willingness to stand up for their beliefs , as President Barack Obama 's kowtow to China during his November visit painfully demonstrated .
Democratic politicians must not surrender their consciences to woo either their own economically jittery citizens or the Chinese regime .
Fortunately , China 's jailing of Liu Xiaobo will not , as we Chinese say , succeed in its effort to frighten the monkey by killing a chicken .
China 's economy needs world markets as much as world markets need China , if not more .
LONDON -- The grim news that Ai Weiwei , perhaps China 's most famous contemporary artist , has been arrested and jailed -- his family and friends have not seen or heard from him since -- makes me think anew about Ai 's 100 million hand-painted porcelain sunflower seeds , now being exhibited at London 's Tate Modern Gallery .
The Chinese official newspaper Global Times denounces Ai as a `` maverick , '' and mavericks are not tolerated in China .
Either way , the outside world must not be allowed to have any idea as to what fate awaits Ai .
The regime will not stop the persecution until the only voices to be heard are its own `` official '' artists .
That is the other lesson that Ai wanted his audiences to understand , and it is why his spirit and message can not be crushed : there are 1.3 billion seeds with him .
And in St. Petersberg in July 2006 , the G-8 leaders reaffirmed their commitment to the ambitious goals they had set the year before , although they did not go further .
But it is fair to ask when a sustainable solution to Africa 's dehumanizing poverty will be found , not only by the G8 and the organizers of Live 8 , but also by Africa 's leaders and people .
Another reason is that ordinary citizens suffer when debts are not canceled , when financial assistance is not forthcoming , or when trade barriers are raised .
African leaders should govern and serve for the benefit of the people , not themselves .
It is reasonable to presume that the commodity boom 's positive effect on Latin America 's terms of trade will last for an extended period -- perhaps 10-15 years -- but that it will not be permanent .
Moreover , it could be argued that if more knowledge is not added to exports , it will be hard to achieve sustainable economic development based on natural resources .
Fiscal consolidation was not , however , the result of formal fiscal rules .
While several countries established legal limits to control spending , deficits , and debt , in some cases -- for example , Argentina , Ecuador , and Venezuela -- such laws were not enforced .
Both were necessary , but , with few exceptions , the region is not using the commodity windfall to do what it must : improve technological capacities sufficiently to ensure that future economic growth does not depend entirely on the fickle furtunes of finite natural resources .
Although their distribution is not very wide , they are shining in the darkness like daggers , letting their comrades know who is attacking the old , strong castles . ''
Most Chinese might not have known about the walkout if it had n't been for Chinese bloggers .
Microsoft 's contribution to Chinese political repression follows Yahoo 's role in the sentencing of a dissident reporter and Google 's decision not to display search results that are blocked by what has become known as the `` Great Chinese Firewall . ''
The system is bolstered by human surveillance and censorship carried out not only by government employees , but also by private service providers .
If MSN Spaces did not censor its Chinese blogs , Microsoft argues , the Great Chinese Firewall would simply be programmed to block Chinese Internet users from accessing its service .
These businesses would not be allowed to exist otherwise .
They are not willing to fight for greater freedom of speech and are even willing to censor each other in order to preserve what they have .
In the long run , this does not bode well for their global reputations , which depend on users ' trust in the openness and independence of their products and services .
It took more than a year for Europe to do what everyone knew needed to be done to contain the Greek crisis , and it still may not be enough . For the approved measures do not provide the transparent and long-term commitment to restoring Greek finances that markets want to see .
Quite simply , EU politics has not kept pace with the scope and level of the Union 's problems . This is what the EU 's democratic deficit really means : No EU member state has yet to fully internalize the consequences for their democracy of the interdependence generated by integration .
It must distribute `` its '' money and not that of its members . The democratic argument requires a clear connection between the Union 's financial resources and the wealth that it generates , or with member states ' economic activities that have important externalities for other members .
The country 's sovereign rating is AA - , not AAA , as it was 16 years ago .
Without it , the authorities will find it difficult to communicate and implement a medium-term economic vision that puts rapid sustained growth , and not just reconstruction , at the core of the policy response .
Divided by their different interpretations , Muslims do not play the role they once did in the world ; instead , they are weakened and victimized .
The belief that the other 's religion is not Islam , and its followers not Muslim , has underpinned internecine wars in which millions have died -- and continue to die .
We are also taught by our ulamas -LRB- religious instructors -RRB- that their teachings must not be questioned .
The Koran , after all , is one book , not two or three , or a thousand .
The fatwas -LRB- legal opinions concerning Islamic law -RRB- that they issue appear unreasonable and can not be accepted by those with scientific knowledge .
The age of the universe and its size measured in light years -- these are things that the purely religiously trained ulamas can not comprehend .
We can not ask our detractors to change , so that Muslims benefit .
Muhammad 's injunction was to read , but the Koran does not say what to read .
The Koran says that `` Allah will not change our unfortunate situation unless we make the effort to change it . ''
But the Koran is not a talisman to be hung around the neck for protection against evil .
Ten years ago , as the Asian financial crisis savaged Indonesia 's economy , many experts predicted that the country would become unstable , if not splinter .
Of course , this tradition has not always prevented violence , most notoriously in the killings that followed the 1966 coup against President Sukarno .
These problems will not be solved overnight .
But the significance should not be missed .
Prabhakaran , not Al Qaeda , invented suicide bombing .
Hence , the West need not bear any responsibility for the outcome .
The tragedy of such thinking is that it does not allow for any moral and political complexity or nuance , yet that is exactly what will be needed if the many problems surrounding Iran are to be resolved .
Their ability to do so confirms that Iran is not a closed totalitarian state like North Korea .
Diplomacy was invented precisely in order to enable relations between adversaries , not friends .
But while we can not close the gulf between us , we can try to bridge it so that we may be able to talk across it . ''
Iranian students should be encouraged to visit and study in Asian universities , where they would discover how confident young Chinese and Indian students are about the future ? which might well cause them to reflect on why young Iranians do not share that optimism .
But Asians will not accept Western moralizing on energy use .
As for India , at the G-8 Summit in July 2009 , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said , `` Nothing could be farther from the truth than the notion that the developing countries were complacent or were not interested in addressing the consequences of climate change . '' Indeed , in 2008 India unveiled an ambitious National Action Plan on Climate Change , which includes eight national missions , including solar and enhanced energy efficiency missions .
In these circumstances , Asians can not afford to sit back and moralize .
Now , in response to global challenges -- for example , pandemics , financial crises , and climate change -- the vast majority of Asian countries understand that collective action does not erode but instead protects sovereignty .
The danger in such an approach is that decisions may not be taken , or that those that are put rhetoric ahead of substance , thereby failing to resolve fundamental political challenges .
Progress has been made on the Chiang Mai Initiative -- a multilateral currency swap arrangement among the ten ASEAN members , China , Japan , and South Korea -- and the possibility of an Asian Monetary Fund remains on -LRB- or at least not far off -RRB- the table .
In the long run , however , the outcome of backing down may not be so clear .
So far , surprisingly , the US has not forged a strategy to thwart China 's rise .
A major rule in international relations is never to make a demand that can not be met .
Moreover , if Japan needs allies to balance the rise of China , it could easily turn not only to the US , but also to Russia and India .
Similarly , geopolitics does not work in Israel 's favor on the West Bank issue .
As a friend of Israel , I am surprised that more of us are not calling on the country 's leaders to seize the brief geopolitical opportunity of a viable two-state solution , while the offer remains on the table .
Members of the opposition have argued that the country is compelled to reform itself if it is not to have reform imposed from abroad .
The conflict between the two visions of reform should not obscure the fact that there is a general consensus in Egypt : substantial reform of some kind is necessary and long overdue .
Most importantly , liberal voices in Egypt are not merely a response to US democratic initiatives .
Moreover , while the health of urban populations is directly or indirectly affected by actions taken -LRB- or not taken -RRB- in almost every branch of government , few emerging markets have acted to improve horizontal coordination within national or city administrations .
Tailored solutions are required -- what works in one city might not work in others -- but , because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread , emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes -- together with the authority to shape them -- in city governments .
But such innovation does not always begin at home , which is why city governments need to know about potentially applicable ideas and lessons from other cities and countries .
If guerillas loyal to Aslan Maskhadov -LRB- the man elected president of Chechnya some years ago -RRB- or Shamil Basaev -LRB- another guerrilla commander -RRB- had committed a terrorist act at merely one voting station , the huge turnout of Chechens voluntarily expressing `` pro-Russian '' sentiments would not have been possible .
By not staging terrorist acts , the rebels admitted that they are not what they were in 1995 or 1997 .
True , the news coming from Iraq is horrible , but the US is fighting a full-blown war in Iraq ; it is not engaged in a counterterrorist operation .
Osama bin Laden does n't work for money and wants to destroy the entire West , not weaken Russia in particular .
Lahoud 's absence is not surprising , as the discussions deal with the fate of his illegal presidency and how to break the deadlock that his continuance in office has imposed on the country .
On January 23 , the Security Council issued a statement expressing regret that the conduct of `` free and fair presidential elections '' had not yet been carried out in accordance with Security Council Resolution 1559 , which was passed on the eve of Lahoud 's extension .
If not , phases three and four will be completed by other means .
Lebanon 's traditional political class may not like it , but , as more of its members are now recognizing , the momentum for a new kind of presidency will not be stopped .
We can not always afford to wait for gatherings of world leaders and financial pledges from donor nations .
In Liberia 's capital city of Monrovia last month , young men began to riot because full funding was not yet in place for the UN 's disarmament program .
If ex-combatants are not provided with alternative civilian opportunities - and quickly - many will simply pick up their guns again .
As I stressed in remarks to the Security Council last week , the UN can not respond quickly and substantially if people and money are not standing by , ready to go .
The exact extent of the damage is difficult to discern , because for many years records were not kept , but the estimates are that 75 % of the world 's original forests have been logged or burned by humans .
In some places , particularly the drier places of the globe , the deforestation was so severe , and was followed by such intense grazing , that forests have not been able to grow back .
Although the UN and my country recognize the value of forests , both ecologically and economically , such recommendations are not strong enough to stop my local council from voting `` yes '' to deforestation .
But we do not fear trees . We do not fear their retaliation .
This will change the world , and not for the better .
The relevant institutions can not be built quickly and can not be imported , ready-made , from abroad .
For this reason , among others , the enterprise has not found favor with the American public .
Elections without liberty do not constitute genuine democracy , and here Egypt faces a serious challenge : its best-organized group , the Muslim Brotherhood , rejects religious liberty and individual rights , especially the rights of women .
When a government falls violently , the new regime usually rules by force , not by democratic procedures , if only to keep at bay those it has defeated .
Because the Democrats in Congress have an almost religious commitment to preserving , intact , America 's principal welfare programs for senior citizens , Social Security and Medicare , the legislation does not touch either of them .
And , because the Republicans in Congress have an equally strong allergy to raising any taxes , any time , under any circumstances , the bill does not rely at all on tax increases -- not even for the wealthiest Americans -- for the deficit reduction that it provides .
Unless more deficit reduction , which is inevitable , comes from curbing entitlement benefits and increasing revenues , and less from programs vital for economic growth , the result will be a poorer , weaker US -- and a more uncertain , if not unstable , world .
I studied engineering , not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy , but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon .
Yet the need for something drastically different and higher than the framed daily routine of an engineer and a citizen of the socialist paradise did not diminish .
An artist who has lived under tyranny -LRB- and even one who has n't -RRB- can not ignore the barrier that separates the two roles .
More than for any other `` alien '' in his country , language is for a writer not only an achievement , but a spiritual home .
For an East European like myself , it is not easy to ignore the history of the circus -- or history itself .
The dream of improving the world disguised a farce that affected not only a single life , as in Cervantes ' story , and affected not only the misleading army of buffoons believed to be missionaries .
So long as we celebrate Cervantes , however , perhaps all is not lost .
The attack on the towers of Babel was unexpected but not unpredictable in so far as it represented the hatred of Allah 's fanatical followers for the symbols of modernity .
Yet , the towers could have been a symbol of worldwide poetry , not commerce .
Romania is often called the Land of Dada , not because one of its sons , Tristan Tzara , was a founder of Surrealism , but because of the absurdity and paradoxes of its daily life , particularly in its politics .
The writer , caught up in the shelter of solitude , does not have much time to wander about .
The case gained significance by adding fuel to the fiery public debates now underway not only in Italy but across Europe on the status of refugees and foreign residents .
We are encountering , not without irony , a kind of grotesque reverse of the `` national pride '' seen when cultural and sporting stars are appropriated by the state and presented as part of the collective patrimony .
Although the murder was an individual crime , to compound the tragedy of a crime through measures that target an entire minority is irresponsible , and will have grave moral and social consequences not only for the unjustly punished but also for the punishers .
Collective punishment also means not only a type of amnesia by Italians and Romanians about what happened under fascism , nazism , communism , but also for their own national histories .
Italians , after all , migrated not only from Italy 's south to its north , but also to other countries looking for a better life .
Romania , for its part , has a history not at all admirable in regard to it its `` Roma '' minority , whose shortcomings and deeds always attract blame but never any real action by the state to improve their condition .
These wounds can not be instantly healed .
This is not only a Romanian problem , but has become a problem for all of Europe .
In Dostoievski 's great novel Crime and Punishment , Raskolnikov is pushed to committing his crime not only by his nihilism and rebelliousness , but also by poverty .
His social identity is not the same as Mailat 's , his spiritual `` entity '' is drastically different , but his double crime is no less abominable .
But perhaps we should hear again the words of one of Raskolnikov 's interlocutors when he speaks about the `` disgusting Sodome '' in which he wanders and says that poverty is not a vice , but misery .
Mailat sought escape from his Romanian misery and his Romanian past , but could not imagine that he would find in an Italian refugee camp as much misery as before ; that the image in the mirror of his daily new life would be that of a killer .
This is n't , of course , an excuse for this crime or for any crime , but it can not be ignored .
Although we can not expect a miraculous reincarnation of the criminal Mailat , we can and must ask for a radical review of the situation that marginalized people like him face .
That review must be done not only by Romanian and Italian states , but by the Roma community in Romania and Italy and also by the European community itself .
It will happen , I hope , also in other places and not only with Romanians but with all the people ready to face the provocations of our time .
For these are examples not only of individual success , but are victories for the community as well .
Residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like Adam Michnik or Václav Havel , both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge , as the totalitarian state did , but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society .
Until more information is forthcoming , both from Kundera and from the authorities , the case will not be solved `` beyond reasonable doubt . ''
As far as we know , Kundera never was an informer before or after this incident , and we can not ignore that he later freed himself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated .
I do n't agree with those who say we should not be interested in the dark episodes in the life of a great writer .
Why not ?
We should be interested not for prosecutorial purposes , but in order to gain a more profound understanding of a bloody , demagogical , and tyrannical Utopia -- and of human weakness and vulnerability . We may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist 's ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
Would not monuments to shame be as instructive , if not more so , than monuments to heroism ?
While admission to the European Union appeared to draw a line under the post-communist period -LRB- at least in Central and Eastern Europe -RRB- , the rupture of 1989 did not mark the beginning of an era of perfect cooperation by the people and for the people .
But that did not stop some from proclaiming that the triumph of liberal capitalism meant the end of ideological struggle -- and thus of History .
By hijacking `` rationality '' in the belief that human behavior can be predicted -LRB- and thus potentially controlled -RRB- , today 's arrogant General Staff of economists , bankers , and bureaucrats have compromised not only themselves , but the basic notion of freedom .
This uncertainty does not weaken liberal capitalism -- on the contrary , it is the system 's primary source of strength .
Mistrust and anger toward a corrupt and inefficient political class , coupled with skepticism about democracy -- even nostalgia for communism -- is to be found nowadays not only in Romania , but also in some other parts of Eastern Europe .
I was amused that the debate focused not on my books , but on issues like the `` Jewish cultural mafia '' and the `` exaggerated '' anti-Semitism of past and present Romania .
Romanian TV answered promptly that it understood that victims of anti-Semitic crimes might feel hurt by such a program , but that the program had not promoted this kind of propaganda , offering the bizarre interview with me the previous week as proof of the channel 's good faith .
Romania is not alone , of course , in reliving this dark comedy .
Although we refugees , immigrants , exiles , and outcasts do not boast ad infinitum that `` we are the best , '' as many Americans do , we still believe that the US remains a powerful guarantor of freedom and democracy , and we consider its incoherence part of its liberty .
Monuments to shame would not resolve the insoluble problems of humanity 's fate on Earth , but they might slow the advance of its dark side -- in Eastern Europe , the Arab world , and everywhere else .
The speed of our daily life is visibly increased -- and not for the better -- by this unstoppable evolution .
Great books , music , and paintings are not only an extraordinary school of beauty , truth , and good , but also a way of discovering our own beauty , truth , and good -- the potential for change , of bettering ourselves and even some of our interlocutors .
I was thinking again about these old and seemingly unsolvable questions during my re-reading of a quite challenging novel by a close friend and a great writer , not very present in the vivid landscape of American letters of today .
Magris 's novel is not only an important literary achievement ; it also has a deep connection to the dangers that we face now , particularly the wave of fanaticism , from Mumbai to Oslo , in the name of a holy war against the `` other . '' Are all the extremists searching for a new coherence , for a lost illusion of togetherness and a new hope of resurrection ?
So who was Babar , bloodthirsty tyrant , humanist poet , or both -- and not necessarily at odds with each other ?
Its tragedies and failings are a result of what is happening in God 's name , not Jinnah 's .
He warns us not to be surprised if , in the coming generation , `` shrill nationalism is replaced by macho militarism or even imperialism . ''
Culturally , she feels that she does not have an equal claim on her father 's property .
This agreement includes including collaborating or not with the Taliban , cooperating with the Coalition forces , accepting or refusing poppy eradication in a village .
Customary law is not rigid in that it is made to fit round the demands of global economy .
For example , while the Koran allows for a measure of female inheritance , tribal custom does not authorize it , which explains the popularity of tribal councils to resolve inheritance problems and cheat women out of their rights .
Iranian films and the much loved Indian TV serials , not to mention the occasional American film , influence peoples ' expectations .
But Afghanistan can not begin to solve its many problems until it criminalizes the privatized violence of this antiquated code .
The term was never defined in any formal setting , but the concept was not difficult to decipher .
This obvious violation of the Army 's rule prohibiting participation by military police in interrogation sessions does not surprise me .
I was not dropped ; I finished first in my class .
We can not succeed on one without succeeding on the other .
One key element is setting a price on carbon emissions , which would address the massive market failure resulting from the fact that products and services that involve emissions of greenhouse gases do not reflect the cost of the damage that they cause through climate change .
But the expert concluded that , despite the alarming number of missiles , they did not constitute a `` buildup . ''
Baffled by that conclusion , the Congressmen began asking one question relentlessly : if the existing PLA missiles did not constitute a `` buildup , '' then what number of missiles would ?
Yet we can not decide whether this build-up is menacing .
The prevailing consensus is not to regard China as a threat . But there are several serious conceptual flaws in this reasoning .
Moreover , a cursory glance at the PLA 's readiness training , research and development , weapons acquisition , and indoctrination programs shows that Chinese officials are preparing to fight future wars not only against regional powers , but against a superpower .
Its preparations focus not on parity with the US 's modern weaponry , but on the development of `` asymmetrical warfare '' theory and capability .
As the 9-11 terrorist attacks on the US brutally reminded us , a lethal threat need not come from equivalent military hardware .
The supposition that China can not become a threat in the near future , or in the next twenty years , is simplistic , because it ignores basic aspects of China 's political system .
Moreover , the method is vulnerable to illicit practices , such as collecting receipts issued to foreigners and students , who can not claim their own refunds .
Monetary subsidies to consumption are also often granted in developed countries for a variety of purposes , not least of which is fighting tax evasion .
While econometric studies are not available , raw data show an increase in reported income and in the number of firms and official workers .
Of course , this is not to say that Muslim radicals will not exploit the disarray if a satisfying resolution is not found rapidly .
The rioting may not be organized - no clear leaders or political demands have emerged .
Although these policies have undoubtedly helped residents of disadvantaged neighborhoods , they have not been sufficiently ambitious to dampen resentment .
At the same time , the fact that police agents must intervene in places with which they are not familiar severely impedes their effectiveness .
But all public actors , not just the police , must respond to urban problems .
Public debt includes not only the federal government 's current $ 13.2 trillion , but another $ 3 trillion owed by America 's states , counties , and cities .
Worse still , Coulibaly never had to account for his terrible decision , or explain it to anyone -- not the players and coaches on the pitch , and not the public at large .
What makes this issue so central to football 's future is that these errors do not result from referees ' negligence , inattentiveness , or incompetence .
And quick reviews would not waste much time or interrupt the flow of the game .
They must not be permitted to decide games of utmost importance in an arbitrary manner that need never be explained to anyone .
Folk ideas about heredity are a particularly powerful cultural tool , but they are not unique to pre-modern societies . Even contemporary science has its own cultural ideologies about heredity , which are often difficult to disentangle from the complex data and high technology that we believe produces objective , value-free glimpses of nature .
So , while measuring nucleotide similarity in homologous regions is indeed in the 98-99 % range , this number does not incorporate or acknowledge the measured difference in the size of the human and chimp genomes , or the widespread differences in chromosome or genome structure .
In other words , this apparent fact of nature -- the overwhelming genetic similarity of human and ape -- is a fact constructed from culture . That is not to say it is inaccurate or false ; just that its meaning is far less obvious than it may appear superficially .
Deposit insurance creates what economists call `` moral hazard , '' people who are insured against an unpleasant event are not as careful as they would otherwise be in trying to avoid that event .
The main conclusion of my work is that policies aimed at ensuring liquidity can not only prevent bank panics , but also avoid the excess risk-taking that deposit insurance encourages .
These banks are illiquid but not insolvent .
Reaching a national consensus will be a formidable task for the Constituent Assembly , and meanwhile the Nepali people can not be expected to wait patiently until a new constitution is drafted to see real improvement in their daily lives .
Nepal 's peace process has been truly indigenous : it has not been mediated or managed by any external party .
The G-20 decided not to deal with the issue and agreed to treat the 27-member European Union as a single region .
But the situation is not so simple .
First , there is no close relationship between external positions and competitiveness trends -- not with some of the price and cost competitiveness that the EU Commission and the ECB examine , and not with output-based competitiveness -LRB- export growth and change in export market shares -RRB- .
That indicator is often used by the EU Commission and the ECB as a proxy for the divergence in competitiveness trends within the eurozone but in fact it does not measure price and cost competitiveness as such ; instead , it captures the price effects of changes in aggregate demand .
Moreover , it should not be taken for granted that higher prices and wages in Germany will reduce the country 's trade surplus .
It is not necessarily the cause of Europe 's internal imbalances , but it may be the cure .
In principle , deficit countries may not have to go through further recession to promote external adjustment if they can generate sufficient income from exports to service their external debts .
The inflow of foreign aid to boost agricultural production did not rise until after the world food crisis of the 1970 's , and it peaked in the late 1980 's , yielding payoffs some years later .
Abe and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
These are all important matters , but they are not among the electorate 's priorities .
But Koizumi 's reforms seemed to abandon not only rent-seekers , but also the disadvantaged who had relied on the state 's protectionist measures .
The DPJ 's leader , Ichiro Ozawa , seems to be opting for the obstructionist approach favored by the bureaucrats , which will seek to bring not only a populist reversal of Koizumi 's economic and political reforms , but the shelving of Abe 's civil-service reforms as well .
The five contenders , all of whom served in Koizumi 's cabinet , are actively debating major policy issues , but appear to be offering only more of the similar , because they are not equipped with Koizumi 's charisma and boldness .
The other three have some charm and ability , but have offered nothing like a remedy to Japan 's deep structural problems , mostly because they all have not adamantly tackled the problems .
Yet even he did not touch the economy 's gargantuan quasi-governmental sector -- the source of the most horrendous waste and misspending .
The public blames the LDP 's inability to control the bureaucracy , if not its complicity with it .
Yet the LDP 's position is not hopeless , because the public remains highly skeptical that the amateurish DPJ can control the bureaucracy , either .
For most of the last decade , the DPJ was not seen as a viable alternative to the LDP , although they appeared to form a pseudo-two-party system .
So , without breaking the regular budget cycle , the DPJ will be forced to implement not only the supplementary budget drawn up by the LDP , but will also be stuck with next year 's budget , which embodies LDP policies that the DPJ has denounced .
Last but not least , Hatoyama is postponing implementation of a bilateral agreement with the US to relocate a Marine Corps base on the island of Okinawa , from Futenma to Henoko , thereby causing confusion for America 's plan to relocate part of its forces on Okinawa to Guam .
But a decisive foreign-policy shift has not occurred -- nor will one occur in the near future .
Thus , the current US-Japanese estrangement is being driven by a spiral of mistrust that does not stem from geo-strategic concerns .
Hatoyama 's ministers did not ask their counterparts in the departing administration of former Prime Minister Taro Aso to inform them fully about existing and potential foreign-policy problems .
Hatoyama can not please everyone all the time , least of all the US .
While he has repeatedly emphasized Japan 's equal footing with the US in alliance management , this does not extend to Japan 's military capability and defense burden .
If this approach does not work , and if the existing Marine base on Okinawa remains , Hatoyama can pass the buck to the US , thereby deflecting anti-base pressure from local residents .
Hatoyama is certainly a clever political tactician , but that is not sufficient to make him a wise leader .
Above all , he must not play with fire : the US-Japan alliance is a public good that is indispensable for the peace and security of the Asia-Pacific region .
Unsurprisingly , as Koizumi 's reforms stalled , and as LDP governments under Prime Ministers Shinzo Abe , Yasuo Fukuda , and Taro Aso ran adrift , Ozawa-proposed wealth redistribution captured the hearts and minds not only of rural voters , but also of city dwellers displeased at the fraying social-safety net .
Before a match starts , the two contestants raise their hands to show that they are not hiding weapons in the folds of their loincloth-like belt .
They promote wrestlers to the highest ranks not just on brute merit , but according to how much hinkaku -LRB- dignity -RRB- they are judged to possess .
The investigation continues , and the MPD has not yet referred anyone to prosecutors .
The Japanese police usually overlook private gambling that does not threaten public peace and order .
But a significant part of the JSA 's revenue , if not a majority of it , still comes from ticket sales , despite the big fees that NHK , Japan 's public television , pays for broadcast rights .
Sumo , as a traditional spectacle , can not survive without respectable patrons .
Both are openly opposed not only to the tax increase , but also to the continuing presence of the US Marine base on Okinawa .
While committed to the bilateral US-Japan alliance , Ozawa has said that Japan 's security requires the continued presence only of the US Seventh Fleet , not of US ground troops .
Japan and America can now agree only on what will not be implemented .
Ozawa , had he become prime minister , would inevitably have been subjected to not only similar obstruction in Diet sessions but also to interrogation about his financing scandal , while fearing prosecution .
Consider this : we tend to retain our rough drafts , years of e-mail traffic , and thousands of ghastly digital snapshots on our hard drives , not because we have decided that they are worth remembering , but because keeping them is now the default way of doing things .
Forgetting permits us to transcend details and generalize , to see the forest and not just the trees .
It is an understandable , pragmatic suggestion -- but not necessarily a good one .
Yet it is not just how information is stored and retrieved that needs to change , but how we think about information as well .
Unfortunately , the global response to this challenge has not been overwhelming .
But the same strategies that work for developing nanotechnology applications will not help answer the growing list of questions about its possible impact that governments and industry are asking today .
Likewise , in March 2007 , the British government 's top advisory body on science and technology warned that the country 's lead in nanotechnology is fading , because the government has not invested enough in research necessary for understanding and effectively managing possible health and environmental effects .
We can not afford to drive blind into the nanotechnology future .
If we do not develop the ways and means to spot and navigate around possible new risks , the outlook for this exciting new technology will be uncertain .
It is true that poorer EU countries tend to outgrow richer ones , but poor regions do not necessarily outgrow rich regions or even the country average .
But as long as poorer member states grow faster than their richer counterparts , one should not be overly concerned about temporary increases in intra-national disparities .
Of course , Europe 's labor immobility is partly caused by linguistic and cultural differences -- barriers that can not easily be removed .
War and peace exist in Africa for reasons that are not always internal to Africa .
The terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of September , 2001 and their aftermath may exacerbate tensions not only between pro-Western and anti-Western schools of thought in Africa , but also between Christians and Muslims .
Since the attack on the Paradise hotel , Mombasa has not reverted to its ancient identity of Mvita , the Isle of War , because only a single elephant , the US , with its protégé , Israel , exists .
If true African unity is to emerge , Africa 's rulers must be committed to it , not just in words , but by deeds .
Unlike the EU , African unity can not be built on the will of the elites alone ;
The quality , not quantity , of member states is what matters .
This is not a call for total protectionism ; the AU 's members should compete fiercely between themselves during this stage .
The continent 's economies experienced a slowdown , but not a recession .
Across Africa , almost all governments praise -- some honestly , some not -- economic modernization as the cornerstone of prosperity and the yardstick by which their effectiveness should be measured . Many boast of the modernity of the financial infrastructure of their economies , which is based on an entire set of legal , regulatory , accounting , credit reporting , and payment and settlement systems .
Non-banking financial institutions such as foreign exchange bureaus , post offices , and micro-finance lenders are not admitted , even when they are financially sound and sustainable .
This translates into a solidarity network and a support mechanism that mitigates credit risk and encourages payment discipline . Credit repayment in well-managed micro-finance institutions is around 95 % . All studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs , but they are also quicker to meet their commitments .
This will be a welcome development , because a large proportion of intra-regional trade is carried out by informal operators and small and medium enterprises that do not have access to the banking system .
Abraham Lincoln once said that a house divided can not stand . There is an economic corollary to this : an economic house divided can not prosper .
The CFA franc issued by two sub-regional central banks -LRB- BCEAO and BEAC -RRB- are not interchangeable . As a result , regional trade and economic integration have been stifled .
Unfortunately , West Africa 's regional grouping , the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- , is not as effective .
But , unless African leaders change their ways , it will not .
Unfortunately , however , while the direction of Africa 's trade may be changing , its composition -- raw-material exports and manufactured imports -- is not .
But it would not have existed without the active and willing participation of African elites .
This culture of exploiting Africa 's human and natural resources at will -- not through entrepreneurial endeavor and wealth creation , but by means of predatory politics -- is deeply entrenched .
Indeed , the few trade unionists , intellectuals , and others who challenge these regimes usually do not seek to change how the state functions , but rather to ensure that , as they put it , they get their `` turn to eat . ''
Yet the truth can not be denied .
If Africans want to change this , they can not spare themselves a collective debate about their elites ' complicity in widespread impoverishment .
At this stage of their economic development , with its focus on commodity exports , the priority for Africa 's countries should be long-term economic integration , not currency union .
Here , the model to follow is not the euro , but Latin America 's Southern Common Market -LRB- Mercosur -RRB- and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- .
A currency union , however , is not high on the agenda .
By 2050 , the combined GDP of the largest 11 African economies should reach more than $ 13 trillion , surpassing Brazil and Russia -LRB- but not China or India -RRB- .
What it does not require is a currency union .
DAKAR -- China 's sacred text is not a holy book like the Torah , the Bible , or the Koran . Instead , it is The Art of War by Sun-Tzu .
Sun 's core belief is that the `` ultimate excellence lies not in winning every battle but in defeating the enemy without ever fighting . ''
Indeed , South Africa , not China , is the country making the largest investments in the rest of Africa .
China 's credo of `` non-interference in domestic affairs '' and `` separation of business and politics '' is , not surprisingly , music to the ears of African leaders , who fall over each other to sing the praises of Chinese cooperation with their countries .
Hence , the import of Chinese labor into a continent not lacking in able-bodied workers .
After Houphouet-Boigny 's death in 1993 , Henri Konan Bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar Ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that he was not an Ivorian national .
Bédié , not surprisingly , was re-elected unopposed .
And , not surprisingly , he was soon accused of widespread corruption and toppled in a military coup in 1999 .
Annual growth of 1.2 % in the agricultural sector , which employs 60 % of the population , can not provide for a population that is growing at more than twice that rate .
For example , with sufficient investment , a port at Bargny could serve not only as a West African export base , but also as a processing hub for minerals and a center for the liquefaction of natural gas .
As though all of this were not bad enough , the CFA franc 's exchange rate , which had remained unchanged since 1948 , was devalued by 50 % in 1994 .
But graft and theft are not the only problems .
So petrodollars exacerbate poverty in sub-Saharan Africa , not cure it .
Unfortunately , because the companies and African politicians have every reason to avoid transparency , the EITI plans were rendered meaningless when they were not made compulsory .
The people who rebelled against these injustices were not Africans , but well-wishers from western organizations such as EITI , the US aid agency Catholic Relief Services -LRB- CRS -RRB- , and Global Witness .
African intellectuals , artists , and civil rights activists did not feel the need to express solidarity with fellow Africans and to defend the rights of the downtrodden .
But this recognition does not exonerate Africa 's `` kinglets , '' who handed their subjects over to the slave traders .
It need not be this way .
The IMF can cut off not only its own credit , but also most loans from the larger World Bank , other multilateral lenders , rich country governments , and even much of the private sector .
Similarly , sub-Saharan Africa 's development can not not be delegated to others .
In Africa , this will not be possible until a new breed of genuinely public-spirited leaders emerges .
But , while centuries of struggle to end colonial rule and apartheid have not changed this much , now Western influence is being challenged by China , which likewise covets Africa 's rich reserves of minerals and resources .
Mobutu 's rule was , of course , deeply flawed , but he was not alone within the pan-African movement in such thinking .
Diversity must be a source of richness , not antagonism , and countries that favor the latter must be excluded .
They derive their powers from the fragmentation of the continent , and one can not expect them to renounce that stance for the sake of the well-being of the masses .
It is worth remembering that the people who were instrumental in establishing the best and most enduring union of states in history , the United States of America , were political activists , not heads of states .
So he would have been flabbergasted to see his prophecy realized , not by communism , but by the globalization of Anglo-American economic liberalism .
Opening up markets to the free flow of capital , not the dictatorship of the proletariat , has rendered state power obsolete .
There is thus an imperative not only for regional integration in Africa , but also for a joint strategic vision and partnership to help build global energy and climate security .
Conflict has also communicated the unequivocal message that unity can not be secured and maintained by force alone .
Trouble in the Sudan would , by necessity , spill over its frontiers , and vice versa . A turbulent and unstable Sudan would not therefore be a catalyst of peace and stability in Africa , and vice versa . ''
For 50 years , the European Union was not much tested by this mission because nationalist impulses were crushed between the two great Cold War alliances .
But nationalism is , of course , not inevitably violent : it flares into conflict only in places with a flammable legacy .
The break-up of the Soviet Union and its satellite empire shows that the way to address such a legacy is not to force unhappy peoples to live together in one country .
The world could not have prevented Yugoslavia 's spiral into civil war , but it might have made it less cruel by helping to negotiate terms of separation earlier .
So it is not surprising that it has also been a revolution that -- unlike that which divided Czechoslovakia 14 years ago -- falls well short of achieving full statehood for Scotland .
For most Scots , however , the Irish experience is not an appealing model -- perhaps because it is associated with terrorism .
Yet , despite such alarming levels of bloodshed , the insurgency has been under-reported and under-researched , barely registering on the international community 's radar screen , largely because the conflict can not be reduced to a sound bite-friendly narrative of identifiable bad guys and good guys .
Second , outcomes are not predictable .
The one group not targeted by anyone has been Westerners .
Many Thai military and police officials now privately admit that the insurgency can not be defeated through security measures .
Nevertheless , as the events of recent months have shown , emerging markets are not immune from the current bout of global financial turmoil .
As is always the case , however , resources alone can not solve problems rooted in weak policies .
But greater representation is not a one-way street : with greater voice and influence , emerging-market countries must assume greater leadership responsibilities and act as constructive partners in these institutions .
Fourth , governments and the IFIs can not solve this crisis alone , and they can not and should not crowd out the private sector .
The road ahead will not be easy , but the US-Asia economic partnership will be at the heart of our recovery .
This is an important achievement , but it should not be taken as a signal to relax .
On the contrary , we should ask whether the time has not come to set even more stringent targets .
I am , therefore , deeply disappointed that a package of measures adopted in this area in 2004 -- aimed at simplifying and modernizing procedures -- has not been transposed within the agreed deadline by several member states .
I warn those that have not yet acted that I will take whatever steps are necessary to make them act .
We can not continue to commit ourselves to delivering a more competitive Europe while denying ourselves the means to achieve it .
But reducing the transposition deficit , while important , is not the end of the game .
But member states should know by now that I am not a soft touch .
We need to accept that not everything can be run from the center , which means more trust and more partnership , but also more willingness to shoulder responsibility further down the line .
Privatizing banks ' profits and socializing their losses is not acceptable in democratic societies .
I am not so sure .
It will not be easy .
We need healthy financial markets , without which we will not recover .
What we do not need are forests of reports going to supervisors who appear to devote ample resources to ensuring they arrive on time but fewer on interpreting their content and drawing the relevant conclusions .
The International Space Station , currently under construction , does not resemble the large , rotating wheels presented by Kubrick , Clarke , and von Braun .
This suggests that physiological processes underlying depression - the ones that may also lead to structural changes in the brain - are not being completely arrested , and thus that a new generation of anti-depressant medications is urgently needed .
And it is not only major stressful life events that exact a toll on our bodies ; the many conflicts and demands of daily life elevate and sometimes disrupt the workings of our response systems for stress , causing wear and tear on the body and brain .
This burden of chronic stress , called `` allostatic overload , '' reflects not only the impact of life experiences but also our genetic constitution .
Psychosocial stress of this type not only alters cognitive function in lower-ranking animals , but it can also promote disease -LRB- for example , atherosclerosis -RRB- among those vying for the dominant position .
The brain 's response to stress does not necessarily constitute `` damage '' per se and is amenable to reversal as well as prevention by treatments that include drugs , exercise , diet , and social support .
Now `` China bashing '' has taken over , and the result could be just as bad , if not worse .
Thus , the People 's Bank of China -LRB- PBC -RRB- can not rely on observed domestic money growth or interest rates to indicate whether monetary policy is too tight or too loose .
Just letting the yuan float upward does not resolve the dilemma .
If actual appreciation does not reduce China 's trade surplus , pressure to appreciate the yuan further would only continue , as was true for Japan before 1995 .
True , China 's economy is now growing robustly and is not likely to face actual deflation anytime soon , but if China does fall into a zero-interest rate trap , the PBC , like the BOJ , would be unable to offset deflationary pressure in the event of a large exchange-rate appreciation .
However , these clinical trauma theorists do not argue that `` repressed '' or `` dissociated '' memories of horrific events are either inert or benign .
In reality , this memory problem concerns ordinary absentmindedness that emerges in the wake of trauma ; it does not refer to an inability to remember the trauma itself .
Ordinary forgetfulness that emerges after a trauma must not be confused with amnesia for the trauma .
This symptom , however , does not mean that victims are unaware of having been traumatized .
Indeed , the mind does not operate like a video recorder , and thus not every aspect of a traumatic experience gets encoded into memory in the first place .
Incomplete encoding of a trauma must not be confused with amnesia -- an inability to recall something did get into memory .
Occasionally , this sudden , complete memory loss occurs after severe stress , but not invariably .
In contrast , the phenomenon of dissociative amnesia supposedly entails victims ' inability to remember their traumatic experiences , not an inability to remember their entire lives or who they are .
Several surveys show that adults reporting childhood sexual abuse often say that there was a period of time when they `` could not remember '' their abuse .
Most likely , they meant that there was a period of time when they did not think about their abuse .
But not thinking about something is not the same thing as being unable to remember it .
They described it as having been upsetting , confusing , and disturbing , but not traumatic in the sense of being overwhelmingly terrifying .
Failing to understand what had happened to them , they simply did not think about it for many years .
These cases count as recovered memories of sexual abuse , but not as instances of traumatic dissociative amnesia .
That is , the events were not experienced as traumatic when they occurred , and there is no evidence that they were inaccessible during the years when they never came to mind .
Sexual abuse is not invariably traumatic in the sense of being overwhelmingly terrifying .
As the European Union prepares to welcome up to twelve new members , debate is heating up among the leading candidate countries about whether or not speedy adoption of the euro will promote or impede rapid catch-up growth .
If not , will expansion aggravate the problem because the biases of ECB members will become even more divergent than they are today ?
While the Nice Treaty does not permit re-structuring the Governing Council , it does allow for change in the voting rule that the Council uses .
So officials in Washington seem to be more , not less , sensitive to regional unemployment than officials in regional Fed offices !
Second , reformers should not presume that officials at the ECB 's Frankfurt headquarters are less likely to show bias than officials from national central banks .
It is now clear that today 's anti-depressants are not the wonder drugs they were touted as being .
The nub of the anti-depressant crisis is not that these drugs could do so much harm , but that they were allowed to do so when the precedents were so plain .
If and when this crisis is ever properly investigated , it will not so much open a can of pharmacological worms , as expose questions about what medicine is and should be .
The impact of this user intelligence has been profound : in 2003 , one pharmaceutical company revised its 2002 estimate of the incidence of withdrawal reactions from 0.2 % to 25 % -LRB- even as the manufacturer of a similar drug continues to claim that it is `` not habit forming '' at all -RRB- .
To be sure , user reports are not `` scientific '' and most , individually , might seem naïve , confused , exaggerated , mistaken , and\/or just plain self-absorbed .
So , now the question is not so much the value of patients ' reports , but the integrity of medical research and the state of science .
But our Soviet heritage does not excuse everything .
The critical factor is not the size of the state , but rather its organization and sense of purpose .
By recognizing that taking a chain saw to state bureaus does not automatically improve governance , we reached the second stage of our reform process .
Taming our radicals , and the radical impulse , has not been easy .
The provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
Indeed , earlier this year , Moscow was roiled by debates about whether or not to build a statue to the dead dictator .
But demolishing the ideological , political and economic structures of the past is not enough to renew society .
But most Russians do not view the entire Soviet period as some sort of black hole .
It could not even subdue Chechnya , a small republic within the Russian federation .
At that moment , the communist movement appeared to be riding the tide of history , and not only for those in the Soviet Union .
This second anti-Stalinist campaign lasted two years , which was not nearly enough to change the country 's mentality .
The Soviet Union and other socialist countries faced a crisis of faith , as the main threat to communism was not imperialism , or ideological dissidents , but the movement 's own intellectual poverty and disillusion .
The revolution is not only history for many people ; it is also a part of life and consciousness .
Of course , this does not excuse those who refuse to listen to reasoned analysis about our country 's past , but Russians will not accept glib rants .
Although today 's new political reality in Russia is creating its own new myths and falsifications , this has not extended to historians ' work .
So the impartial history of the Russian Revolution that has not been written may yet be .
These are steps toward the unification of a state and nation , and not attempts to gain revenge or break up Russia .
But not everybody agrees with Blanchard .
After all , employees do not negotiate individually the length of the workweek .
Moreover , Blanchard fails to note that the preference for leisure is not gender-neutral .
Indeed , in the US , one finds all kinds of personal services that do not exist on a similar scale in Europe .
After all , women professionals do not have to choose between a career and children , but can enjoy both .
Meanwhile , there are not enough service jobs in Europe to put everybody to work .
But if Europe 's economy is to become more competitive and innovative , it is not enough that women enter the labor market in droves .
Women not only outnumber men at universities ; they also outperform them , most notably in math , physics , and information science .
But female students ' academic achievements have not increased women 's presence in top jobs .
Europe can not afford to waste valuable human capital at a time when China and India are on the rise and its own population is aging .
As economists Ronald Schettkat and Richard Freeman have pointed out , career women do not necessarily work more hours per week than women with part-time jobs or stay-at-home moms .
Moreover , the increased supply of high-quality female labor will not incur additional healthcare and pension costs , unlike labor immigration .
Companies that do not meet the new gender rules , which also apply to the public sector -- risk being dissolved by court order .
But women , too , must adjust . The reality is that top jobs require more than two workdays a week , and they do not coincide with school hours .
So it should not come as a surprise that employers do n't take women seriously .
What is true in the Netherlands and Europe is true all over the world : reducing the inequalities that exist between men and women is not only a matter of justice ; it also makes economic sense .
In 1945 , an estimated two million women were victims of the Red Army 's sexual cruelties -- not only German women , but also Jewish women in hiding , concentration camp survivors , and resistance fighters .
Yet the perpetrators of wartime mass rape and other forms of sexual violence usually are not prosecuted .
It is incomprehensible that their clients are not prosecuted for rape , but Dutch politicians argue that it can not be established whether or not a prostitute works voluntarily .
The success of the Swedish approach is not so surprising .
But this is merely a way of justifying the exploitation of mostly vulnerable women -LRB- there is also a much smaller number of male prostitutes in the Netherlands , but they are not pimped out like female prostitutes -RRB- .
But not all imbalances are created equal , so it is important to weigh the consequences of individual countries ' external accounts for global economic stability and prosperity .
But Germany did not accumulate foreign reserves the way that China did .
According to the Bundesbank , German FDI accounts for almost six million jobs abroad . That number does not include the additional jobs resulting from increased economic activity in a region .
In view of the country 's shrinking workforce and already high capital-to-labor ratio , it is also understandable that German investors do not see many domestic investment opportunities , and instead choose to invest abroad .
Nevertheless , the differences between China and Germany are far more substantial than the similarities -- not least in terms of how they put their surpluses to use .
Lumping all surplus countries together -- or all deficit countries , for that matter , will not help us find a way to rebalance the world economy .
But it 's no longer September 2007 , and US unemployment stands at 9.4 % , not 4.5 % .
We now know that labor-market deregulation does not ensure economic resilience and rapid job creation .
The EU urgently needs to democratize its procedures and reorganize its institutions to ensure that this year 's enlargement does not lead to bureaucratic deadlock .
The inclusion in Part II of the draft on `` social rights '' - such as the right not to be unjustly dismissed , or the right to receive old-age pensions , unemployment compensation , and health benefits -LRB- regardless of cost -RRB- - is in no way necessary to the functioning of the whole .
If something is a `` right , '' then cost is not an issue . For instance , no economic cost is too great for the defense of freedom of speech .
The desirability of generous public pensions , on the other hand , can not be dissociated from their cost to taxpayers .
The most ardent advocate of expanded health care rights should agree that the forum for that advocacy is the Parliament , not the European Court of Justice .
These protections have no place in a constitution , particularly one that can not be easily amended .
Natural monopolies are sometimes economically desirable , and it is legislators , not judges , who should decide whether and when they are to be permitted .
`` Social rights '' should not become mandates for judges ; they should remain a guide to legislators .
He demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining his long-term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
But France is not a normal country .
This not only hampers restructuring , but also makes firms hesitant to hire and inhibits innovation .
A stop-gap measure that permits firms to hire workers for temporary assignments , on condition that they not be renewed , condemns the least skilled to a demoralizing cycle of short-term jobs and repeated spells of unemployment .
This system , which allows organs to be harvested also from refusers who have failed to express their refusal , has not increased trust in medicine , either .
They did not allow certain forms of coercion to interfere with the donor 's consent . Nor were they overly fastidious about clandestine commercial ties .
Until recently , we have not done much about the black market -LRB- the 2008 Declaration of Istanbul marks the beginning of a determined struggle against this market -RRB- , but we banned altruistic directed donations by living non-relatives out of fear that they would become that legal loophole .
This fear did not last long , though .
The increasing demand for more organs has driven us to legitimize this category as well . Indeed , it has helped a lot , but it has not sufficed , either .
But let us not even go there !
A regulated market would not challenge these man-made facts .
The Union 's common foreign and security policy may not yet mean that Europe speaks to the world with one voice , but it is taking shape and has already healed some of the wounds inflicted by disagreements over the war in Iraq .
It is strange but true that even American unilateralism under President George W. Bush has not provoked a genuine debate over Europe 's future role in the world .
The EU 's problem is not its so-called `` constitutional crisis , '' but rather its lack of a recognizable political identity .
But if its first occupant is not a household name , the presidency will be doomed as just another of the European Union 's confusing plethora of worthy senior positions that are neither valued nor understood outside Brussels .
The result is that Europe 's achievements in recent years -- its expansion to create a single economic market of 500 million people and its creation of the euro as a currency that challenges the dollar -- are not accompanied by a significantly greater global standing .
The result is that EU policy proposals that could do much to advance the economic and geopolitical interests of Europeans are not as influential as they could be .
Her style since arriving in Brussels as the EU 's foreign-policy chief has been distinctly unassuming , but that does not mean that she can not now show her mettle and seize the initiative .
But it is certainly not too late to set out a determined new plan for Euro-Arab cooperation .
That will not happen if Baroness Ashton remains a low-profile operator .
Officials ' preoccupation with commanding respect and not losing face leads them to focus almost exclusively on China 's achievements .
The European Union may not be far behind ; much will depend on how China presents its case over the coming 18 months as the two sides negotiate a wide-ranging Partnership Cooperation Agreement , which will determine the quality of bilateral relations for the next decade .
But trade will probably not be the main worry for China 's international relations .
The answer is not for China to step up its public-relations effort . Instead , it should be revealing its weaknesses and vulnerabilities to gain Western understanding .
The likelihood is that early next year most of the European Union 's member nations will recognize the Albanian-majority enclave on Serbia 's southern edge as an independent state . This is certain to enflame not just Serbia , but also the Kremlin .
This reflects not only worries about energy and shared security concerns , but also the need to head off any looming crisis in the Middle East that could plunge large parts of the world into turmoil , if not armed conflict .
None of this will be easy , not only because Europe 's relationship with Russia has grown so chilly , but also because Putin is understood to despise the EU as politically impotent .
Most telling in Russian eyes has been EU countries ' competition for oil and gas contracts , which has done much to convince the Kremlin that Europe is not a political force to be reckoned with .
Extending an olive branch to Russia will have little or no voter appeal in most EU countries , and Putin 's efforts to retain power de facto if not de jure after Medvedev wins his likely victory next March are certain to make matters worse .
There are plenty of well-worn diplomatic paths , so it 's not structures that are lacking .
Nobody -- not even people closely involved in the process -- really knows how the European Union 's leaders are chosen .
It 's not at all clear which will have the greater power to decide the outcome .
When the Union was smaller and more modest , inter-governmental horse-trading seemed acceptable , not least because national politicians could downplay the importance of `` Europe . ''
Others believe the EU can not continue being run along the same lines as in Beijing or even Pyongyang . It 's an issue that will confront any new team chosen by the old methods .
Europe badly needs immigrants , yet is not culturally prepared to welcome them . The coming decades will therefore see substantially greater social change in Europe than elsewhere , although the nature of that change is far from clear .
This is not , needless to say , because Europeans crave the rigors of America 's less cosseted social conditions , but because it 's the only way that European governments will be able to stay afloat financially .
It is not a structure that is conducive to political coups de theâtre , and most of the Commission 's work is the relentless grind of EU regulation and re-regulation .
For his part , Barroso is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block his reappointment .
France 's successful presidency has intensified doubts about the effectiveness of the Commission and its president , so much so that even in Paris concerns are being voiced that the Brussels executive must somehow be strengthened if it is not to become a mere secretariat .
He is good at giving upbeat speeches , but this will not be enough .
Back then , he did not need one to be appointed . This time , he must produce one if he is to save his skin .
The European Commission 's watchword has been that the integrity of the Single Market must be defended at all costs , and that it will use its formidable legal powers to ensure that bailouts and other state aid by EU governments do not distort fair competition .
It is a familiar mantra , and among industrialists the mood now seems to be hardening that it is not enough .
Drawn up by the Belgian member of the Commission who held the industry portfolio , several of its provisions are clearly relevant to the current situation , not least to the automobile industry .
The plan 's author , Vicomte Etienne Davignon , recently commented in the Belgian press that he ca n't understand why the Commission is not doing something similar today .
The signals from the Commission , though , are not encouraging .
The European elections are themselves curious and unsatisfactory ; there are no obvious EU-wide issues that people can vote for or against , and , with the average MEP 's constituency numbering well over half a million people , the vote is not a test of personal popularity , either .
But this does not mean that the European Parliament is a `` real '' parliament .
This feeling of ignorance coupled with powerlessness is not entirely the European Parliament 's fault .
Last year , the parliament launched a lamentably amateurish Web-TV broadcasting service whose large budget was spent not on good programming but on doing everything in all the EU 's official languages .
However , the legendary tandems of the past-de Gaulle and Adenauer , Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Helmut Schmidt , François Mitterrand and Helmut Kohl-have not been succeeded by a comparable duo .
This is not only a problem of personal chemistry between Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schröder .
The future `` Europe of 27 '' -LRB- or 28 , with Turkey , but not counting the post-Yugoslav republics and Albania -RRB- will be very different from the `` Europe of Six '' that de Gaulle and Adenauer oversaw .
Schröder did not seem to grasp the enormous symbolic relevance his partner attached to the issue .
This is not only a domestic issue .
Repairing the damage will not be easy .
Nevertheless , pointing out others ' mistakes is not going to help rehabilitate Germany 's position .
But the Chancellor 's juvenile experiment in mature diplomacy has diminished , not expanded , Germany 's prestige .
Besides abandoning any Gaullist pretensions , the other lesson Germany must learn is that influence is based not only on soft `` civilian power , '' but also on hard military capabilities that are adapted to the exigencies of the post-Cold War world .
A European `` hard core '' is not an end in itself .
What is at stake for Germany is not simply its reputation as a source of economic dynamism and an anchor of monetary stability within the EU .
As for the future of Europe 's `` hard core , '' such an idea only makes sense from a German perspective if it does not limit Germany 's role as a moderator .
But , despite flourishing rhetoric about promoting democracy , promoting it is still not backed with concrete plans of action .
This money should be administered at arms-length from government to ensure that it is not constrained by diplomatic pressures .
Countries that make progress on democracy and good governance should be rewarded ; privileges should be withdrawn from those that do not .
Collectively , the Germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called `` Nazis '' -- Nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of Germans , and every German was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or she had adhered to it individually .
In today 's Germany , an overwhelming majority subscribes to the proposition that 8 May 1945 was a day of liberation -- not only for Europe , but also for Germany itself .
To use my grandmother 's parlance , it is not `` us '' who were the liberators , but `` them '' .
Its slogan `` Never again war ! '' is only half the truth -- the other half is `` Never again appeasement ! '' 8 May 1945 was not `` zero hour , '' as a popular saying in Germany goes .
On 8 May this year , public speakers will remind us how important it is not to forget .
They will stress that if the lessons of history are not learned , history is bound to repeat itself .
The latter option , once unthinkable , is possible because Berlusconi is not running the type of inflammatory electoral campaign that he has in the past .
On the international scene , the American diplomatic cables recently released by WikiLeaks highlight American suspicions about Italy , which are not limited to the country 's ties -- too close , according to the US State Department -- to Vladimir Putin 's Russia , to Libya , and to Iran .
What is probably most striking for the Anglo-Saxon cultural paradigm is Berlusconi 's boldness in his use of power -- not only when dealing with young and attractive women , but , first and foremost , when advancing his companies ' interests against those of their competitors .
Berlusconi regards his `` commercial diplomacy '' as a formidable defensive weapon , which may help explain why he is not too concerned about how his actions in this area are perceived on the international front .
And widening interest-rate spreads on government bonds do not bode well , either , as this will quickly lead to pressure for further spending cuts .
They invited policymakers from the emerging giants to become more involved in designing a new global economic framework -- implicitly suggesting that this has not been the case so far .
Yet the evidence does not support this view .
Last but not least , the core emerging economies have abstained from increasing tariffs , and their stimulus packages grant much more limited subsidies to the banking and automobile sectors than do comparable packages in OECD countries .
Just before the meeting , China announced a substantial cut in the increase , although not the level , of its emissions .
The fact that the core emerging economies have contributed substantially to shaping the new global economic framework does not mean that they do not still face serious challenges .
It is fashionable nowadays to look to stricter international rules as `` the solution '' to most global problems , But such a strategy is not well-suited to an ongoing shift in international economic relations .
The emergence of new world powers , combined with the diminishing influence of current powers , is not propitious for stricter disciplines .
Giving strong support to South Korea 's initiatives offers a splendid opportunity for the OECD countries to show that , though they remain proud of the disappearing post-WWII world , they do not fear the new world that is emerging .
The new `` Competitiveness Pact , '' proposed at the EU summit by France and Germany , did not make the same pretensions to global grandeur , but was instead sold as a step required to ensure the survival of the euro .
Similar exceptions will probably be made for other countries that can not reconcile aspects of the new pact with their national circumstances .
Second , targets need to be not only specific , but also binding . Sanctions for non-compliance must be enforced -- without political meddling .
Organized purely as an intergovernmental policy program , the pact can not work , because EU member states can not be trusted to monitor their own performance and enforce sanctions on their peers -- or on themselves .
Sun Tzu , the great Chinese philosopher of war , once wrote , `` If you know the enemy and know yourself , you need not fear the result of a hundred battles . ''
Moreover , the organization and methods of the Iraq insurgency , while not unique , differ from those seen in the late twentieth century .
The various components , and the subdivisions within them , do not appear to be centrally commanded .
Some may cooperate ; others do not .
The good news for those who desire stability and democracy in Iraq is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can not `` win '' in the traditional sense of replacing the government and forming a new regime .
To return to the analogy , urban street gangs can not seize political power , but they can certainly keep their neighborhoods dangerous , backward , and grim .
It is not clear at this point how much determination Iraq 's emerging democratic leaders will have .
The grand strategy that serves as the foundation for American defense policy has not undergone major change since 2002 .
The goal is to maintain enough to deter aggressors , but not so much that it detracts from other , more likely missions .
If not , the US might be preparing for the last war rather than the next one .
As with any new era , we do not yet fully understand what is happening and why .
Beyond this basic point , however , there is less agreement on why frustration and anger lead to terrorism in some cases but not in others .
One school believes that modern terrorism can not be eradicated , or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high .
The belief that terrorism can not be eradicated assumes that the ability to tolerate terrorist attacks -- to `` ride out the storm '' -- is greater than the willingness of terrorists to persist , or even escalate the attacks .
On the one hand , it would condemn hundreds of millions to live in repressive Iranian - or Taliban-style theocracies . On the other hand , the idea that poverty and repression in the Islamic world are engineered from outside simply does not stand up to scrutiny .
Finally , the belief that democracy and economic reform will undercut terrorism is based on a series of assumptions that may or may not prove accurate .
For instance , it assumes that terrorists and their supporters do not understand their own anger .
Closed political systems and stagnant economies in the Muslim world , they contend , are symptoms , not causes .
While true , it is not clear that a willingness to tolerate the freedom of others , which democracy requires , is equally widespread .
The horrible truth is that failure to eradicate the root causes of terrorism is almost certain to extend the Age of Terrorism , it is not clear that they really can be eradicated .
To appease the extremists might be easy but may not work .
Unfortunately , the world is at a point where it can see the danger from terrorism but not the cure .
Worse still , a cure may not exist .
Although China has expressed some vague concerns over the crisis to the Burmese government , it has not taken any action that could meaningfully affect the regime 's calculations , despite its singularly unique leverage .
Such an international process simply can not happen without China .
Countries must commit not to withhold exports of key natural resources for political reasons , and to doing all they can to maintain and promote open markets based on principles of reciprocity and long-term sustainability .
Nine million children die each year before reaching their fifth birthday ; 69 million school-age children are not in school ; 884 million people have no access to safe drinking water ; and 2.6 billion lack access to basic sanitation .
Educating and empowering poor and disadvantaged groups around the world , including women , is not only a moral imperative , it is also one of the best investments in long-term , sustainable growth that world leaders can possibly make .
But the ministers ' words will ring hollow if , as with similar statements made at prior G-20 summits in London and Toronto , member states do not translate them into action .
It is hard to imagine that China 's government , which obsesses over every minute issue of diplomatic protocol , had not orchestrated this stark image of America 's decline relative to the country to which it owes $ 1.4 trillion .
Russia 's message to other West-leaning countries in the former Soviet world was clear : America can not protect you .
Today , from Iran to Darfur to Zimbabwe to Georgia , the world is witnessing the effects of a budding post-American world , and the picture does not look pretty .
Reversing this trend is not only in America 's interest , but also in the world 's interest .
The world is not ready for the post-American era , and countries like China and India must play a far greater role in strengthening the existing institutions of world peace and , where appropriate , building new ones that can promote a positive agenda of security , dignity , rights , and prosperity across the globe .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
America not only took the lead role in building the institutions of a globalizing world -- the United Nations , World Bank , IMF , NATO -- it also became the model that many other countries looked to for inspiration .
Despite talk about American decline , the world is not prepared for a post-American era .
It is in America 's and the world 's interest that they do so . The evidence of this will be seen not only in global institutions but also in places like Darfur , Zimbabwe , and Burma .
It is equally clear that Asian states are not yet ready to assume the more meaningful leadership in global affairs that will be necessary to ensure that this tectonic shift can make the world more stable and secure than it has been .
Despite the growing promise of a multi-polar world with Asian powers playing a greater role in addressing global challenges and sharing leadership with a weary US , that world does not yet exist .
The United States and its allies can not succeed in Afghanistan unless the Afghan government itself succeeds .
Afghans themselves are not solely to blame for this state of affairs .
Democracy and the rule of law could conceivably be an effective alternative to what the Taliban offer , but the government can not credibly claim to provide either , not to mention basic services , on a consistent basis .
Such a process will not succeed .
If they are not , assistance could be scaled back to avoid having international funds continue to support corrupt practices .
But the international community is not obliged to finance official corruption .
Internally generated reform is the only reform that can work , and it can not occur if Afghan officials take international assistance for granted or see themselves as subordinate actors in their own reform process .
The time has come for the Afghan government to take the lead in fighting corruption , and for the international community to make clear that it will not provide a blank check for anything less .
But merely joining conversations or showing up for meetings is not enough .
Because China 's leaders are not popularly elected , their legitimacy stems largely from two sources -- their connection to the Chinese revolution and their ability to deliver national security and economic growth .
If China , in the name of national sovereignty , does not buy into the international system , it becomes hard to argue that this system exists .
Given its size and importance , and regardless of its intentions , China will , perhaps inadvertently , destroy the international system if it does not either actively endorse and work to maintain it , or reframe it for the greater common good .
There may be a better international model than the current one , but it will not emerge by default .
If China sees inviolable state sovereignty as the foundation of twenty-first century international affairs , as now appears to be the case , then it must explain why this principle will not lead to the same disastrous consequences as it did in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
But it is not too late for President Mahinda Rajapaksa 's government to change course and begin to build a truly multi-ethnic society .
They killed not only government officials , but often Tamil leaders willing to explore compromise solutions with the government , as well as civilians from all ethnic groups .
We may never know the exact number of casualties during the last phase of the conflict , because the government did not allow international organizations or media into the area .
These victories create an opportunity for the government to reach out to the opposition and to minority groups to build a truly inclusive and democratic Sri Lanka , but this has not yet happened .
If these grievances can not be addressed through legitimate means , they will find other far less healthy outlets over time .
Sri Lanka must do far more to ensure minority rights and protections not just because it is the right thing to do , but because it is the best possible investment the country can make in its future .
It is not too late to embrace this future , but soon it will be if the government does not change course immediately .
Why not enlist the help of Poland 's opposition , he reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They devised an electoral system whereby Poles would not vote for candidates of their choice , but would cross out those they did not want -- which is to say , each and every communist .
Border guards , receiving no instructions and not knowing what else to do , opened them up .
Even so , it is worth asking , What if Schabowski had not messed up ?
Strictly speaking , the Wall would not have fallen .
The Communists , not the people , would have done it .
Change might have come by evolution , not revolution . Might Krenz and the Communist reformers who had seized power just weeks earlier have been able to channel popular unrest , or even defuse it ?
A few might not have toppled at all .
Why this , not that ?
Among them , too , were the choices of courageous protestors to go into the streets , to speak out -- or , as this particular protestor put it to me , not to have to explain to the next generation , `` We sat and waited . ''
Disney could not have worked a more seductive transformation .
This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Ceausescu did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
The sharpshooters hidden in the forest take aim and fire , only this time their target is not the bear , but Ceausescu himself .
Farce quickly turned to tragedy in the face of the dictator 's rage . `` I meant tanks , you fool , '' he said , in effect , to Gen. Iulian Vlad , threatening to put him in front of a firing squad if he did not comply .
Policies concerning gene doping should not rely solely on the interests and infrastructures of sports organizations .
A simple model based on prohibition and testing for gene modification will not be enough , assuming that detection is possible at all .
Again , regulation ought not to rely on one single global authority .
As has been made clear from the ethical debates on stem-cell research , a global policy can not easily be adopted or enforced , nor should it be .
Above all , it is not acceptable for the world of sport to impose a moral view about the role of enhancement technology on nations that wish to participate in the Olympics , without implementing an extensive and ongoing consultative process to accompany its policy decision .
This can not involve the creation of working groups that merely pay lip service to ethical debate , but must enable non-sports organizations to develop their own policy framework for the regulation of ` gene doping ' and , more broadly , the use of genetic information .
If we do n't ban gene transfer in the first place , then on one level , it is not cheating .
After all , many , if not most , top athletes are `` naturally '' genetically gifted .
Governments must establish an enabling environment for the private sector to create jobs , and officials can not consider the public purse to be a private bank account .
We do not measure inputs -- including aid or natural-resource revenues -- or government promises and commitments ; instead , we have chosen to measure the impact of government activities on the lives of citizens .
If Africa 's small and diverse nations do not come together , they will never integrate properly into the world economy , and so will not reap the benefits of our globalised world .
But the argument should not be about whether to provide aid -- no one can question the many successes that aid has brought , or its importance in providing a safety net for those who would otherwise be left to suffer .
If African products are forced to compete in markets skewed toward European and American producers , Africans do not have a fair chance to develop .
But those problems should not be allowed to obscure the continent 's many success stories -- much less to be defined as Africa 's alone .
Scientists can not feed toxic chemicals to people , for example , to see what doses cause cancer .
Nevertheless , much scientific `` uncertainty '' about the causes of disease is not real , but manufactured .
For 50 years , tobacco companies employed a stable of scientists to assert -LRB- sometimes under oath -RRB- that they did not believe there was conclusive evidence that smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer .
It is time to return to first principles : use the best science available , but do not demand certainty where it does not exist .
At this crucial moment , we call on Europe to open itself toward Ukraine , a great European country whose needs and aspirations can not be forgotten in the process of constructing the new Europe .
Such a declaration would mean that Europe is not closing its doors on Ukraine , a country with a European cultural identity and a long tradition of struggle for democracy and human rights .
More generally , discussions about the future of Europe should be permeated by a spirit of solidarity with respect to the states and nations that are not yet members and whose membership is not envisioned in the near future .
We do not want a new Iron Curtain on the Polish-Ukrainian border .
But this should not make us lose sight of other challenges . One of the most important is the fate of Ukraine , and the need to strengthen liberty and democracy there .
A leader of Solidarity , a former political prisoner , and the foreign minister responsible for Poland 's accession to NATO , Geremek had refused to sign yet another declaration that he had not been a communist secret police agent .
But not everyone accepted this path .
But guilty communists were not punished , and virtuous Solidarity activists were not rewarded .
But not everyone fell silent . Cardinal Dziwisz of Cracow argued that there could be no place in Poland `` for retribution , revenge , lack of respect for human dignity , and reckless accusations . ''
Poland would not be in NATO or the European Union .
The Constitutional Tribunal 's decision gives hope that the second phase of the Polish revolution will not consume either its father , the will to freedom , or its child , the democratic state .
Freedom and independence , to which we tried to point the way , are not accompanied by a sense of solidarity , especially towards those who are weaker and poorer .
The second , directed to western public opinion , was that we should not play with outmoded stereotypes .
My generation was forged by protests and police truncheons , by the hopes generated not only by the Prague Spring , but also by the Polish student movement that March , the Paris events of May , and the first signs of Russian democracy voiced in the early books of Sakharov and Solzhenitsyn .
There was , however , another , category of people : the `` careful and untainted , '' who absented themselves from the world of politics . They hated communism , but , convinced that the system could not be reformed , they avoided the democratic opposition .
One should not blame anyone today for such behavior . But it is surprising when these people accuse participants in the Prague Spring and the democratic opposition of links with communism .
When I recall these events after 40 years , I see not only revolt , but also the great illusion that it might be possible to outfox the Kremlin and painlessly move society from communism to democracy .
But a lump-sum charge to recover past costs will not change the financial sector 's incentives concerning excessive risk-taking .
They must realize that government will not ride to their rescue .
Retail depositors are the only creditors in the financial system that deserve ample , if not full , protection against the mistakes of their bankers .
If a bank can not be recapitalized , it should be resolved and liquidated .
But the key point is that no reckless exposure would be possible in a system where shareholders and creditors knew that they would not be bailed out , and supervisors were not allowed to gamble on resurrection of their supervised entities , but rather were obliged to call them to account as soon as they started misbehaving .
But this assumes that our income relative to the income of others does not matter .
On the contrary , psychological studies invariably show that people care not only about their absolute income , but also about where they stand in the social pyramid and whether their position is fair .
But even when people do not work together , globalization , by bringing the world to everyone 's living room -LRB- or hut -RRB- , enables them to make much wider comparisons of their living standards .
It involves three steps : raise money from the globally rich , do not deal with governments , and transfers funds in cash to the poor .
But they can not fail to notice that the processes they support undercut their own position by rendering the wealth gap more obvious and the fairness of the actual global distribution more questionable .
Football is not only the world 's most popular sport , but also probably its most globalized profession .
Since the English Premier League was started in 1992 , only one championship was not won by Manchester United , Arsenal , or Chelsea .
The same is true of all games played at the final tournament , not only those among the top eight national teams .
Remarkably , they are not trounced by the traditional powerhouses .
If so , it may not necessarily end with a repeat of the slaughters of the last century , but with an economic retrenchment that brings economic stagnation and consigns billions of people to grinding poverty .
Any globalization that is limited to the first three or four freedoms but omits the last one is partial and not sustainable .
As soon as people can not move , there will be little to stop governments from limiting the free movement of goods or other factors of production .
After all , if over-populated countries with high unemployment can not export people , why not reach for higher tariff barriers to protect the jobs they have ?
Likewise , hundreds , if not thousands , of Africans die every year trying to reach the shores of Fortress Europe .
Income differences were not always so huge .
Global income redistribution by the rich countries should be viewed as a matter not of charity , but of enlightened self-interest .
But this is a time for more international engagement with the Palestinian people , not less .
I had not been able to visit while serving in government for security reasons .
Now I wanted to get a sense of life , not statistics .
The purpose of the visit was not to meet politicians or decision makers , but to get a glimpse , albeit brief , of how people there live .
We saw buildings -- not just the former Hamas headquarters -- still in rubble .
But not all those who need help are coming to get it , so Save the Children funds outreach workers to encourage families to use the services .
The director told me it is dedicated to the credo of `` building people not buildings . ''
The Israeli government would retort that the parallel call in the resolution for a halt to the flow of arms into Gaza also has not been heeded . That is true , too .
It is not in anyone 's political interest .
These people are not a threat to peace in the Middle East .
An ounce of prevention is certainly desirable , but because nothing can be proved totally safe -- at least , not to the standard demanded by many regulators -- the precautionary principle has become a self-defeating impediment to the development of new products .
Precautionary regulation shifts the burden of proof from the regulator , who previously had to demonstrate that a new technology was likely to cause some harm , to the innovator , who now must demonstrate that the technology will not .
Overly burdensome Codex standards for GM foods are ominous not only because of their direct effects on research and development , but also because members of the World Trade Organization will , in principle , be required to follow them .
`` If there is a Codex standard , '' she points out , `` one country can not file a challenge -LRB- for unfair trade practices -RRB- against another country which is following the Codex standard .
Other approaches to treatments and preventative measures -- including changes in public-health policy , improvement of water treatment , and development of vaccines -- have not yielded significant , cost-effective results .
Thirty countries -- half of them in Africa -- do not have a single radiotherapy machine .
And these countries certainly do not have the financial resources , facilities , equipment , technology , infrastructure , staff , or training to cope with the long-term demands of cancer care . ''
And many poor countries do not have a single medical school , and when their citizens study abroad , they often stay there , or are ill-equipped for a low-tech milieu that is so different from where they trained .
Although the use of big-ticket equipment , expensive chemotherapy drugs , and sophisticated and complex procedures such as bone marrow transplantation would not be wise , this is not to say that we should give up entirely on cancer treatment in developing countries .
Vaccines to prevent hepatitis A and B -LRB- and C , when one becomes available -RRB- reduce the incidence not only of the viral infections , but also of sequelae such as cirrhosis and hepatic carcinoma .
However , the study can not conclude that long work hours cause cardiac disease .
But the two groups are not at all comparable : kids who receive the drug are far from normal .
The European Medicines Agency was more measured , saying in a statement , `` Based on this observational study alone , the risk can not be associated with certainty to the growth hormone treatment .
Such gene flow does not occur when farmers buy their seeds from seed producers , of course , but in that case gene flow in the other direction is still possible , with genes from the cultivated crop ending up in the wild relative .
An authoritative 1989 analysis of genetic technologies by the US National Research Council summarized the scientific consensus : `` With classical techniques of gene transfer , a variable number of genes can be transferred , the number depending on the mechanism of transfer ; but predicting the precise number or the traits that have been transferred is difficult , and we can not always predict the -LRB- traits -RRB- that will result .
With organisms modified by molecular methods , we are in a better , if not perfect , position to predict -LRB- their traits -RRB- . ''
There has not been a single mishap that resulted in injury to a single person or ecosystem .
We would expect to see a large number of illnesses among both employees and patients in hospitals where the victims are treated , and soon someone -LRB- perhaps even a carrier who is not ill -RRB- would spread it to Ankara , Istanbul , Tbilisi , Damascus , Baghdad , and beyond . The anti-flu drugs Tamiflu and Relenza are extremely expensive and in short supply .
A flu pandemic will require triage on many levels , including not only decisions about which patients are likely to benefit from scarce commodities such as drugs , vaccines , and ventilators , but also broader public policy choices about how best -- among , literally , a world of possibilities -- to expend resources .
Although rice plants do not normally synthesize beta-carotene in the endosperm -LRB- seeds -RRB- , they do make it in the green portions of the plant .
The Golden Rice story makes it clear that we do not yet have the will and the wisdom to make that happen .
In 1972 , on the basis of data on toxicity to fish and migrating birds -LRB- but not to humans -RRB- , the United States Environmental Protection Agency banned virtually all uses of DDT , an inexpensive and effective pesticide once widely deployed to kill disease-carrying insects .
Bill Gates 's experts seem not to know that ; the foundation 's annual letter contains the following single mention of DDT : `` The world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that -LRB- malaria -RRB- could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with DDT , but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical . ''
The former is more apt : Venter 's creation is evolutionary , not revolutionary .
On the other hand , Swiss bioengineer Martin Fussenegger correctly observed that the Venter achievement `` is a technical advance , not a conceptual one . '' Other scientists noted that the organism is really only `` semi-synthetic , '' because the synthetic DNA -LRB- which comprises only about 1 % of the dry weight of the cell -RRB- was introduced into a normal , or non-synthetic , bacterium .
And , thanks to the discovery of vast offshore oil reserves , Brazil not only has become energy-sufficient , but is poised to become a major oil exporter .
In short , despite rosy appearances , Brazil clearly faces a complex and , in some respects , daunting agenda , which newly elected President Dilma Roussef can not be expected to accomplish within her current mandate .
But this window of opportunity must not be wasted if Brazil is to consolidate and build upon its current successes .
For example , many trials did not describe their method of measuring statistical relevance , and only called themselves `` randomized controlled trials . ''
Particularly at a time when standard rehabilitation is not available for most Chinese stroke patients , few will wait to try acupuncture until its role is confirmed or refuted by reliable evidence .
Unlike most American CEOs , Annan was not parachuted in from outside ; he is the first career employee to lead the UN .
Is it not time for indigenous development , of countries and leaders alike ?
One thing is clear . Countries like Ghana do not lack enterprise .
But development at this level may not be the problem .
Development as now practiced often fails because it does not build on a country 's unique strengths , respect its social traditions , or foster the autonomy necessary to develop indigenous leaders and enterprises .
Pride , dignity , and self-confidence do not figure in economic theory : they can not be measured .
America , for example , did not develop by depending on an imposed ideology or outside experts .
Globalization must not be allowed to blind us .
But something that shows up in none of the economic indicators may be driving many of them : the deterioration of American management , which is undermining not only many of America 's great enterprises , but also its legendary spirit of enterprise .
A sustainable company is not a collection of `` human resources . '' It is a community of human beings .
So , as workers and middle managers have been departing these companies , they have taken with them not only much critical information , but often also the hearts and souls of their enterprises , with profound effects on American competitiveness .
This is not clothing or cars , but America 's largest , and most renowned , export sector .
No one can determine how much of America 's productivity gains in recent years have resulted from squeezing human capital , because such things are not measured .
But there has clearly been a great deal of reliance on this strategy , with companies shedding employees not only because they must , but often because they have not met Wall Street analysts ' financial expectations .
The dramatic weakening of the US dollar may help America to narrow its massive trade deficit , but we should not expect any sustained improvement without drastic changes in American management .
While American economists , politicians , and business leaders have for years sought to sell their model of management abroad , many companies elsewhere have not been buying it .
While the long-run record of this theory is irrefutable , China 's authoritarian ruling elite is not only determined to hold on to power , but it also has been smart enough to take adaptive measures aimed at countering the liberalizing effects of economic development .
Since the Tiananmen Square massacre of June 1989 , however , not a single major democratic reform initiative has been implemented .
And , unlike past protests , which have usually been allied with students or members of the intelligentsia , popular disaffection might not have the virtue of rational leaders with whom the government could talk and negotiate .
But this bank-client confidentiality has never been 100 % absolute , and Swiss legislation makes absolutely clear what it protects and what it does not protect .
So , despite some foreign media reports , tax evasion is not legal in Switzerland ; it merely is not a criminal offence .
The international implication is that Switzerland has traditionally offered international assistance in criminal tax cases that have elements of fraud , but not of evasion .
States that implemented Article 26 agree to exchange information upon request , but not to the automatic disclosure of information .
The privacy of clients not under suspicion will thus continue to be protected by Swiss bank-client confidentiality .
But I have not quite finished with the OECD .
It is not an international organization , and it has no legal authority to speak for the world or to establish rules , norms , or standards for any state except its own members -- that China is not a member demonstrates clearly the limits of its reach .
Despair not only for the victims of violence , but for the cynicism of those politicians , such as Gujarat 's Chief Minister Narendra Modi , who seek to justify lawlessness , violence and even murder of minority members by the majority Hindus .
Moreover , it has been noted for tolerance : not only Muslims , but of Parsees -LRB- a minority community from Persia who practice Zorastrianism -RRB- .
Of course , the BJP is not alone in seeking to exploit India 's religious and caste divisions .
What will it mean for the Union if it divides Europe into have and have not countries .
The nearly perennial flooding of the Tisa River in Hungary -LRB- a new EU member state -RRB- can not be controlled if the water management practices in upstream countries Ukraine -LRB- a new neighbor -RRB- and Romania -LRB- a next-wave accession country -RRB- are not addressed .
The EU can not reduce carbon emissions within its borders if it does not cooperate with Ukraine and Russia : carbon dioxide emissions per capita in these two countries rival that of many West European states , even though their per capita income is 15 to 30 times lower .
For example , millions of ethnic Hungarians living in Serbia , Croatia , Romania , and Ukraine , who are culturally and in many cases economically tied to Hungary proper , now face barriers not previously encountered in their everyday lives .
A `` Fortress Europe '' will not offer the incentives they need to truly reform and thus take their place as full partners in the new , expanded Europe .
The religious Islamic component in Iraqi social life should not be underestimated . But it also should not be equated with the political Islamism that strives to capitalize on it .
Nationalist and leftist political discourses did leave an imprint on the Iraqi value system , but they are not its sole components .
This cultural debate is not limited to the Arab scene .
The reception and adoption of democracy is not a function of sectarian belonging , but a reflection of the multi-dimensional historical , cultural , religious , and political identities of Iraqi individuals .
The CPA , and the world community , must not prejudice the outcome of their efforts by accepting a facile and bogus view of Iraqi society .
While these findings demonstrate the shadings of opinion across Iraq 's dominant communities , they do not explain attitudes that may be behind the continuing violence that disfigures Iraqi life .
This is not to say that an insecure and demoralized community supports violence .
If Iraqi Shi'ite leader Muqtada al-Sadr and his followers chose to stop their own violence , it was not simply because of the superior firepower of the coalition forces .
More than half of Iraqis surveyed said that they would not welcome Turks , Jordanians , Iranians , or Kuwaitis as neighbors .
Although Iraqis remain angry about the violence in their country , this anger has not undermined their sense of national identity .
This trend is not hard to understand .
Many members of this group honor the institution of private property , and Ahmadinejad 's talk of redistributing wealth is not to their liking .
They have often dismissed as unorthodox , if not heretical , any claim of personal contact with the Imam or speculation about his arrival .
Seeking a way out of this difficult situation , the Supreme Leader declared that the electoral disputes must be settled in through legal channels , not on the street .
Nonetheless , Khamenei 's invocation of the law echoes the demands of many conservative-pragmatists who lean toward Mousavi , who is not in a position to challenge Khamenei 's authority directly .
Should Mousavi persuade Khamenei to reconsider his position , the Supreme Leader 's hold on power will be shaken . If Khamenei holds fast , Mousavi can not gain the presidency , but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of Iranians who differ dramatically with their government .
A growing population dilutes not only the accumulation of physical capital , but also human capital .
For example , while the ability of a mother to feed her child is not highly related to her level of human capital , her effectiveness in helping her children with their school homework increases with her own level of education .
After Iran or Saudi Arabia , Malaysia 's Sharia court system is probably the most extensive in the Muslim world , and the accompanying bureaucracy is not only big but has more bite than the national parliament .
The caning of Kartika , on the other hand , is not an example of political manipulation , and for this reason is perhaps even more worrisome .
Her sentence was roundly supported by modernist Muslim intellectuals , who insisted that the punishment was justly applied and can not be questioned because it has divine sanction .
These are not politicians , but former idealists who are happy that their goals of Islamicizing the state are being realized .
As a result , the UMNO finds itself squeezed between an Islamic lobby that presses for greater `` Talibanization '' of the country and the rising voices of international critics , who can not be ignored , because the party needs both radical supporters and foreign investors to stay in power .
This list of worries is not meant to discourage , but to challenge .
Severely overcrowded classrooms , lacking in trained teachers and basic supplies , are not uncommon .
Over the years , we have learned that the real challenge is not just to enroll children in school , but to help them to acquire the skills necessary for employment , entrepreneurship , family life , and citizenship .
It is , after all , a European nation in cultural , if not political terms , whereas progress in China will not be measured by the introduction of Western-style democracy , but eventually , one hopes , by Singapore-style rule of law .
They do not find anything to be proud of in the eyes of others .
They are respected for what they control -- the Soviet legacy of nuclear arms and `` Christian energy resources , '' to quote Vladimir Putin 's bizarre remark on his first official trip to Paris -- but not for their economic performance or their essence .
When challenged by inquisitive journalists demanding greater precision about her policy agenda , her highly effective line of defense -LRB- so far ! -RRB- has been : `` You would not dare to ask me such a question if I were not a woman ! ''
For the Socialist Party , which is eager to return to power but has not yet recovered from the humiliating defeat of Lionel Jospin in the first round of the presidential election in 2002 , the question is whether it can afford to resist the wave of favorable public opinion behind Royal .
Unlike Politkovskaya , the great scientist and human right activist Andrei Sakharov had not been murdered , and the tribute given to him then looked like the celebration of a new era .
With their enormous cash flow , Russian billionaires are buying sumptuous properties all over the world , and Russia is buying prominent Germans like the former Chancellor , Gerhard Schroeder , if not the support of Germany as such .
Both are marked by a defiant nationalism , and both feel irresistible , all the more so because they sense that the United States is in decline as a result of the quagmire in Iraq , if not in Afghanistan as well .
It does not enjoy the massive backing of its society , except when it comes to national pride and the quest for nuclear status .
Russia 's regime , by contrast , is animated by money , not ideology .
He does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but he has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
The multiplication of assassinations of political opponents and economic rivals , the mafia practice of contract murders , can not be seen as signs of a regained stability . Nor can the Putin regime 's manipulation of popular xenophobia against citizens of the former Soviet empire , such as Georgians .
Eventually , they will have to recognize that modern nations can not live by power alone .
America , of course , remains Israel 's life insurance policy , but enlargement and diversification of diplomatic alliances is starting to be seen as crucial by Israeli diplomats , if not by Israeli society .
Europe and Russia no longer see themselves as secondary players , because the US , not to mention Israel , needs them .
Of course , one should not `` bury '' the US too soon . America is much more resilient than its critics believe .
But this resilience should not hide a deeper evolution .
The world in which we live may be moving toward the multi-polarity wished for by French President Jacques Chirac , but not necessarily in a successful and stable way .
If , contrary to the traditional `` Gaullist '' vision , multi-polarity is not bringing stability , but instead generating chaos , there are two reasons for this outcome .
First , key emerging actors -- China , Russia , and India -- are not ready , willing , or even capable of performing a stabilizing international role .
They probably contemplate with barely disguised pleasure the difficulties currently encountered by the US in Iraq and elsewhere , but they do not feel any sense of a `` compensating responsibility '' for global stability .
The common good is not their cup of tea .
Moderate Arab regimes will not dare to engage in an open and serious process of rapprochement with Israel in the absence of real progress over the Palestinian issue .
It is tempting for Europeans to project their own history onto Asia and to view current developments there as a mere repetition , if not an imitation , of what occurred in Europe .
These comparisons are not neutral , and one may detect in the analogy between China today and nineteenth-century Germany an element of that guilty pleasure in others ' troubles that the Germans call `` Schadenfreude . ''
But this scenario does not correspond to reality .
China at the beginning of the twenty-first century is not Bismarck 's newly unified Germany in the second half of the nineteenth century .
The Chinese do not view themselves as a rising new power , but instead as Asia 's traditional power , now experiencing a renaissance .
As a result , unlike Wilhelmine Germany , the Chinese are not in a hurry to prove how strong and powerful they have become .
In strategic terms , China is not a revisionist power , but instead a `` satisfied , '' status-quo power .
For that , they need access to energy , but they are not about to engage in military or even diplomatic adventures .
In reality , what may threaten the stability of the region , and above all that of China , is not an excess of Chinese ambitions or a failure to democratize , but the Chinese regime 's inability to establish the rule of law .
Twenty years ago , one of the main obstacles to creating an Asian Union was Japan -- Asia 's most advanced and successful country , but one that did not feel Asian .
In Europe , transcending nationalism required not only two devastating world wars in the first half of the twentieth century , but also the prevalence of democratic regimes .
While the race is not over , Nicolas Sarkozy has emerged as the consistent favorite in the polls , as well as of those who declared `` him '' nearly defeated in early December .
The new consensus can be described as follows : Ségolène Royal can not defeat Nicolas Sarkozy , but Sarkozy can defeat himself .
If Ségolène Royal is defeated , it will not be because she is a woman , but in spite of it .
The French are ready for a woman , but perhaps not this one .
Her campaign 's combination of authoritarianism and confusion , if not sheer incompetence , is sapping her supporters ' morale while confirming the deep reservations of her opponents .
Whereas Sarkozy has managed to impose himself on the right without the support of Jacques Chirac , the Socialist heavyweights can not fully convince themselves to come out behind Royal .
Two months before the vote , the presidential campaign has demonstrated that the modernization , if not `` Americanization , '' of French politics -LRB- for example , heavy use of the Internet -RRB- has taken hold .
Chirac is not about to present himself as a candidate to divide the conservative camp , and the new leniency surrounding his record may actually benefit Sarkozy , his impatient and rebellious heir .
Yet opposition to Sarkozy remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues .
This would not be enough for Bayrou in ordinary times , but today , on both sides of the political divide , opponents of the main candidates seem ready to join forces with him and betray their respective camps .
A Bayrou victory , which is unlikely but not impossible , would constitute a triple revolution .
Following Lionel Jospin 's humiliating defeat in 2002 , the Socialists simply would not survive a second consecutive failure to reach the second round .
France is a marvelously paradoxical country , so the search for novelty , if not modernity , could lead to the reinvention of the Fourth Republic , a parliamentary regime characterized by its weaknesses and instability .
Segolène . Royal has done well , but probably not well enough , unless in a face to face debate with Nicolas Sarkozy she can rally a majority of viewers to the radical modernity of electing a woman to the highest French position .
It is not what she says but what she is , or even more so the fear of her opponent that constitute her best chance .
His votes are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between Left and Right , for he can not commit himself to clearly support one candidate over the other .
He did not mellow , but was swallowed by history 's zeitgeist .
For the European Union , new man or woman in the Elysee Palace may be a necessary condition for reinvigorating the European project , but it is not a sufficient condition .
The French `` No '' to the referendum on Europe 's constitutional treaty in May 2005 revealed the depth of Europe 's crisis , it did not create it .
After all , at the end of the eighteenth century , China became the world 's first producer of manufactured goods , and it perceives itself as a center of civilization unequalled by any other in Asia , if not the world .
China 's renewed self-confidence is based on its remarkable economic prowess , which is derived not from natural resources , but from productivity and creativity .
Russians are nostalgic not for the Cold War as such , but for the international status they lost when it ended .
Now that America is no longer a `` hyperpower '' with no strategic challengers , Russia has reasserted its status as a `` superpower , '' a claim that is not necessarily supported by reality .
Unlike the Chinese , the Russians do not create economic wealth , but merely exploit their energy and mineral resources .
Moreover , unlike the Chinese , they have not always been confident of their position in the world .
Less than 20 years ago , the Czech Republic and Poland were part of their sphere of influence , so Russians understandably can not accept the US unilaterally implanting its security system there .
As a result , the culture of physical violence and verbal provocation that is gaining ground in Putin 's Russia is deeply disturbing , whereas we tend to judge Chinese misdeeds with a greater sense of distance , if not indifference .
Indeed , the Middle East 's deepening problems may impose a sense of restraint in Russia and China by forcing them to calculate not in terms of their global `` nuisance value '' vis-à-vis the West , but in terms of their ability to make a positive and stabilizing contribution to the world order .
Democracy in Iraq would not only bring peace in Jerusalem , but also a new , safer , and better equilibrium in the entire Arab world .
For him , things were going well in Iraq , and a new balance of forces was being established -- one that would benefit Iraq 's Shia majority , but not necessarily Iran .
Daily violence should not be allowed to hide deeper strategic realities : victory was around the corner , and soon , the world -- despite all the anti-Bush propaganda -- would recognize it .
Saddam himself fatally overplayed his cards , convinced as he was that America would not dare to attack him .
Because their legitimacy does not rest upon the support of their people , these non-democratic regimes consider the risk of opening themselves greater than the cost of maintaining the status quo .
Of course , confidence and self-doubt are not mutually exclusive .
And if overconfidence is so dangerous , can restraint and modesty be taught to those who do not have it ?
Of course , the `` World War '' reference may be intended to create an `` us '' versus `` them '' logic , but this does not correspond to the nature of the challenge posed by radical Islam , given the complexity and the many divisions that exist within the Muslim world .
But that does not mean that we must become literally obsessed with terrorism at the expense of losing sight of broader historical challenges .
The assassination of the heir of the Austro-Hungarian Empire at Sarajevo in July 1914 was not the cause of World War I , but its pretext .
The big picture then was not the `` anarchist plot '' to destabilize empires , but the rise of exasperated nationalisms , coupled with the suicidal instinct of a decaying order and the fatal mechanism of the logic of `` secret alliances . ''
The paranoid reaction of neoconservatives in America to the terrorist threat can only accelerate that process , if not render it inevitable , by endangering our democratic values and thereby weakening the `` soft power '' of the United States , while giving fuel to the terrorist cause .
In other words , we are faced with the challenge of complexity , which requires us to ensure that a small minority is not joined by greater forces .
From a toughening of France 's position on Iran to a real warming of relations with Israel , not to mention symbolic gestures like Sarkozy 's summer vacation in America , or Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner 's arrival in Baghdad , this is a New France , one seriously considering a return to NATO 's integrated military structure .
For Sarkozy , the French are not anti-Americans , but simply anti-Bush .
He knows that the `` return of France '' as an influential actor in Europe presupposes a France that is closer to America , which will automatically bring France closer to Germany and Great-Britain , not to mention Poland and Italy .
America needs allies , and is not preoccupied by their potential independent strength .
But rapprochement between France and the US should not hide other realities .
Second , one can not speak of NATO without noting that the Alliance 's twin pillars -- Europe and the US -- are not in great shape .
One can not simultaneously defend the Alliance in the name of Europe and weaken Europe with fits of populism and economic nationalism .
Their links with Europe -- if they exist at all -- are at best rational , not emotional .
It is only by respecting our common values and not exacerbating our differences that the West will be able to reinvent itself .
Success is not guaranteed this time , either , but the chances are much higher now , because France , the United States , and the world have changed .
Moreover , financial and human resources for military affairs are scarce and can not be duplicated , while France and Britain want to restart the Saint-Malo process of bilateral defense efforts launched nearly ten years ago .
Those divisions are now history , and American reservations about a European security pillar can not trump America 's pressing needs for allied support .
If a European pillar within NATO is needed to strengthen the Alliance , why not accept it ?
If Obama can make a difference , it is not because of his policy choices , but because of what he is .
Think of the impression his election would make not only in Africa , but in Asia , the Middle East , and even Europe .
But if a shift across America 's racial divide is not truly revolutionary , then what is ?
In fact , African-Americans do not fully support him . With his white mother and his African father , he does not fit any African-American precedent .
Regardless of whether Obama can deliver on his promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000 .
With or without Obama , the `` American century '' will not be repeated .
Neo-isolationism is not an option , but restraint -- based on confidence and wisdom -- is .
But the superb sunshine in Davos these days can not avoid the shadows of the financial crisis that have enveloped the world , casting an atmosphere of gloom and doom on this year 's meeting .
It is not confidence that dominates Davos 2008 , but rather a sense of impotence , if not bewilderment , at the world 's growing complexity .
From formal debates and informal schmoozing with fellow members of the Davos crowd , one gets a sense of who the American establishment favors to win the next presidential election -LRB- Hillary Clinton -RRB- , predictions for the upcoming referendum in Ireland on the European `` simplified '' treaty -LRB- it will be very close -RRB- , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's international image -LRB- not good -RRB- .
You do not need to go to Davos for this , but in the Swiss mountains these ideas acquire an aura of legitimacy -- call it the `` I was told in Davos '' imprimatur -- which explains why political and economic analysts and commentators keep coming back , despite the Forum 's combination of pomposity and intellectual vacuity .
These questions are crucial not only for France , because we are five months away from a French presidency of the European Union that should have been an important step in Europe 's own rebound .
Unlike constitutional monarchies , France does not distinguish between the symbol and the reality of power .
Yet , on the other hand , his flashy style is considered vulgar by traditional French elites , who are keen to dissociate themselves from someone whose educational background and instinctive reactions clearly marks him as not one of them .
His love life is not seen as a human , romantic affair and a sign of youthful energy , but as a possibly fatal distraction , the ultimate proof of his `` immaturity . ''
Of course , if the international economic environment had been more favourable , and if there were not so much legitimate concern about declining purchasing power , the French might have shown greater indulgence towards their young president .
You can not proclaim your impotence in the face of empty state coffers after pushing through useless and costly tax breaks for the richest .
And you can not adopt a Churchill-like call to sacrifice when you indulge in a series of highly publicized luxury weekends with your latest fiancée .
In any case , France is not Russia .
Despite some troubling similarities between Sarkozy and Vladimir Putin , French democracy is not in danger .
From Olympia to Impasse PARIS -- `` Do not mix sports and politics ! '' That defiant cry from China 's rulers to the threat of a boycott of this summer 's Beijing Olympic Games does not stand the test of reality .
Now the West believes that it has found a `` third way '' by threatening to boycott the Olympics ' opening ceremony , but not the Games themselves .
Thus , the Chinese people , the world 's athletes , and a planet hungry for `` bread and circuses '' will not be deprived , and China 's rulers will not `` get away with murder '' in their contempt for human rights and international public opinion .
China , for both good and bad , is a status-quo power that does not want to rock the boat of the international system -- a power largely satisfied with its new status , but one that does not want to see its regime transformed , especially through external pressures .
If the Chinese reform their political system and improve their human rights record , it will not be the result of anything we in the West say or do , but because they realize that the absence of the rule of law jeopardizes their long-term ambition to be strong and respected .
From that standpoint , the challenge confronting NATO may be even more difficult , for enlarging the security organization not only means taking on new members , but also exercising new `` out of area '' responsibilities .
The war in Iraq has not only caused NATO to lose focus in Afghanistan ; it has also undermined solidarity of purpose among allies .
The Afghan quagmire and America 's image are not the only problems facing NATO .
NATO 's aim can not simply be , to use Lord Ismay 's famous formula , `` to keep America in , Russia out and Germany down . ''
Or will NATO eventually become an `` alliance for stability '' that includes all the new powers -- China , India , and Brazil , not to mention Russia -- of the emerging `` multi-polar world '' ?
In essence , the EU 's fundamental dilemma is not that different from NATO 's .
It no longer dreams of becoming the `` United States of Europe , '' and Jacques Delors ' suggestion of `` the United Nations of Europe '' has remained too ambivalent , if not deliberately ambiguous , to be effective .
Of course , the Irish `` No '' is not the equivalent for the EU of what the Afghan quagmire represents for NATO .
The EU has lately failed -- far more than NATO has -- not only to win hearts , but also to convince Europeans that in a global world , it is part of the solution , not part of the problem .
Sarkozy Agonistes `` Why do they hate us ? '' asked the Americans of the Islamic fundamentalists after 9\/11 . `` Why do they not like me ? '' could be the question asked by Nicolas Sarkozy to the French after more than one year in power .
By that standard , he would not have wanted Sarkozy .
As economic crisis engulfs France and most of the world , the French are not reassured by their young and energetic president .
In his foreign policy , too , Sarkozy seems to combine the right intuitions with the wrong tactics -- that is , when his entire strategy is not marred by the pursuit of contradictory objectives .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , he did not expect -- but he should have -- the `` hyper-charged '' reaction from Russia .
For the Kremlin , it is likely that South Ossetia and Abkhazia would remain under formal Georgian sovereignty only if the country did not join NATO .
The EU is truly `` convincing '' only when it can use the seductive power of a membership card . But Russia is not interested in joining , at least not on Europe 's terms .
Then comes the Georgian government , which has demonstrated its immaturity , if not irresponsibility .
A lamb , after all , does not provoke a bear .
The Kremlin did not need such a display of unrestrained force and brutality to prove its case .
The current crisis in the Caucasus does not mark the return of the Cold War , nor is it likely to mark the start of open warfare between Russia and the West ; it is , more simply , the return of the traditional imperialism practiced by the Russian Empire more than a century ago .
Since then , Russia may have changed dramatically , but not our questions about it .
If Russia is becoming what revolutionary France was under Napoleon , or reverting to Soviet form -- shorn of a totalitarian ideology but with an appetite for conquest and re-conquest -- what is needed is not the `` league of democracies '' advocated by some conservatives in America .
Such a strategy implies , first of all , a solid partnership with China , not because it is evolving in the direction of democracy , but because it is a status-quo power .
`` Do not fool yourself . Nationalism and imperialism will lead you nowhere ; you can not expand geographically without serious costs to your economic growth and your personal enrichment .
Europe may be weak and divided , America may no longer be what it was , but with your falling population and the sad state of your economy beyond oil and gas , you simply are not equipped to be in the league of great global powers . China is ; you are not . ''
The West is not about to declare war on Russia for the sake of a Georgia whose credibility has been greatly eroded by its president 's irresponsible behavior .
As for Ukraine , it may one day become part of the European Union , but its future is not in NATO .
Yet , between all-out containment , which is very unlikely and not necessarily desirable or realistic , and accommodation which borders on appeasement , which would be dangerous for Europe 's future , a third way , based on a few firm principles , must be found .
These principles are clear . First , Ukraine 's territorial integrity is not negotiable .
This has been said many times , but repetition does not diminish its importance .
After all , this is Europe more than six decades after World War II , and nearly 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union . The use of force to settle scores and impose one nation 's will upon another can not be accepted passively .
The decline of America 's image and influence in the world does not annoy them .
America could regain it under Obama , but not under McCain .
But Asians who have more than caught up with the West may have difficulty adjusting to the idea that the US would for the first time in history not be headed by a white president .
How can you define yourself to the West , when the West has so spectacularly and visibly changed its appearance , if not its essence ?
For the former colonial countries , who have no equivalent to Obama , to support him fully is a sort of exorcism , if not redemption .
They would not mind an America that was more modest abroad and more ambitious at home .
They do not want the US only to protect them , but to transform them .
The same Americans who cried with joy on the night of November 4 are now seized with apprehension as economic hardship becomes more real by the day , as they witness the consequences of the crisis for their neighbors , if not themselves .
Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans ' suffering , Obama knows only too well that the `` audacity of hope '' will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
America has not only re-consolidated at least part of its `` soft power '' abroad ; it has done so at home as well .
Dignity may not provide you with a roof or a job , but it helps in maintaining hope in hard times .
But this should not go too far , for there are limits to what the state can do , and the strength of private initiative constitutes one key aspect of America , which became the world 's leading nation thanks to its dynamism , flexibility , and individual inventiveness .
More importantly , beyond the decline of the market and the re-legitimization of the state , we may be witnessing a rehabilitation of politics and politicians , if not of idealism .
The idea that you can make a difference not only for yourself but for your country and the world , that self-interest and personal enrichment are not the only possible goals in life for the `` best and the brightest , '' has slowly and irresistibly been gaining ground in the Obama generation .
Yet the cards Obama is holding should not be underrated .
Will the crisis lead to nationalistic and selfish attitudes on both sides of the Atlantic , stymieing the long-awaited rapprochement , if not a full reconciliation ?
Unless something very wrong happens , a new cold war is not about to start .
They may write about it conceptually , but its meaning -- a world in which their country is only `` primus inter pares '' -- has not really penetrated the national psyche .
But now I do not need your symbolic votes ; I need your concrete support . I need the further engagement of your troops in Afghanistan ! ''
I suspect that European leaders will not respond eagerly . Most are convinced that there is no military solution in Afghanistan and they know that public opinion , especially in time of great economic hardship , has no appetite for such operations .
Despite his failed bid to orchestrate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , was he not right to try ?
He does not theorize about what should be done ; he simply does it , without any ideological bias or constraint .
This is not only because he has been willing to have France act , from the Caucasus to the Middle East , in the name of Europe and itself at a time America was defaulting on its role .
The same can not be said of Sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
In a world where , in comparative terms , there is less America because of the rise of China and India and the resurgence of Russia , and less Europe in diplomatic and strategic terms -LRB- due to institutional paralysis -RRB- , if not economic and cultural terms , France , according to Sarkozy , must clearly define itself as part of the West .
France is not in the same league in terms of power and influence as the US .
Moreover , it would be paradoxical if , just when America declares its willingness to call more upon its allies , particularly its European allies , the concept of the West actually leads to the diminution , if not the burial , of the European ideal .
Of course , Turkey 's secular , pro-Western elites may still consider the EU and the US important , if not indispensable , allies and partners , and they may consider Islamic fundamentalism , Hamas , Hezbollah , and Iran real or at least potential threats .
Of course , to want Turkey `` in '' is an act of will , if not an act of faith that is in many ways counterintuitive .
Most Europeans do not perceive Turkey as a `` European Other '' but as a `` non-European Other . ''
Israel is not in the European Union , but it , too , is in great danger of losing Turkey .
But can positive American gestures towards Turkey , a key NATO member , be sufficient to offset Israel 's insensitive , if not reckless , policies ?
One does not play lightly with matches next to a pile of dry wood .
Europe is being cautious in the name of avoiding debt and defending the euro , whereas the US has moved on many fronts in order not to waste an ideal opportunity to implement badly needed structural reforms .
And what happens in 2009 may jeopardize some of the positive results of 1989 , including the peaceful reunification of Europe and the triumph of democratic principles over nationalist , if not xenophobic , tendencies .
In better shape , but not alone .
But before this new order appears , the world may be faced with spreading disorder , if not outright chaos .
Today 's Israelis do not seem to believe in miracles . Instead , more than ever before they are obsessed by nightmares , foremost among them , the prospect of a nuclear Iran .
In the aftermath of the Israeli election in February , which brought to power a government coalition that includes the extreme rightist Avigdor Lieberman , now Israel 's foreign minister , an Israeli friend whose sympathies had always been with the left said to me in a resigned , cryptic way , `` It 's sad , but it does not change anything ; we have no one to talk to anyway . ''
He gave me approximately the same answer when I referred to the need to change Israel 's electoral system based on proportional representation , which produces weak majorities at best and near-paralysis at worst . `` So what if the system is blocked ; to reform it would not make any difference ! ''
For a majority of Israelis today , the present and the foreseeable future are not about peacemaking , but about conflict management , through the preservation of credible deterrence -- a hard-core realistic assessment darkened by the perception that , while time is not necessarily on Israel 's side , that there is no alternative .
This vision not only tends to encourage a process of self-isolation , but it raises serious issues in the long run .
A little more than 60 years after the Shoah , one does not play lightly with such an evocation of destruction .
In a world where , for many Israelis and non-Israeli Jews , Israel is becoming to the community of nations what Jews once were in the community of peoples -- a pariah state , if not an eternal scapegoat -- the memory of the Shoah resounds with a vengeance .
The ambition of a country and a society born of the principles of the Enlightenment can not be to create a people armed to the teeth with guns yet entirely disarmed in the face of illness .
This perspective is not simply rooted in economics , even if today a large proportion of older Americans are rushing back to work as the downturn wrecks their retirement plans .
The Northern industrial world was not yet ready to recognize the new weight of the emerging powers and the need to strike a new balance between North and South , East and West .
But , in terms of weight and influence , there is not enough united Europe .
Germany would no longer seek a seat , Italy would not feel left out , and Europe 's international identity would be strengthened in a spectacular way .
Of course , this was not to be .
France and the UK were not willing to give up the symbol of their nuclear and international status .
Of course , the US can not be compared with a Union that is nowhere near becoming a United States of Europe .
Europe currently exists as an economic actor , not as an international political actor .
Regardless of their economic conditions or their confidence -- or lack of it -- in each other , France and Germany are more than ever jointly responsible for the future , if not the very survival , of the European project .
Gordon Brown is barely surviving as prime minister , and the Conservatives , whose return to power in the next year is almost certain , are as provincially euro-skeptic as ever , if not more so .
Europe simply can not count on the British , at least for a while .
Given Silvio Berlusconi 's sexcapades , the Italy that he leads can not be taken seriously , while Spain is out of the running for an EU leadership role , owing to its dire economic conditions .
And they are not only putting their respective nationalisms first . They disagree on fundamentals -- most of all , about how to surmount the economic crisis .
As long as each remains convinced that no alternative to cooperation exists within the EU , and that European cooperation remains a priority for both , it should not be overly difficult to restore their leadership .
And both countries would probably subscribe to the following formulation : `` Turkey 's future is with Europe , but not necessarily in the European Union , at least in the foreseeable future . ''
Germany is not only much closer physically to Russia ; it is also much more dependent on Russia in terms of energy security .
France must not delude itself : Germany is not about to convert to nuclear energy to reduce its reliance on Russian oil and gas .
Yet Germany also must realize that Russia 's negative evolution has consequences that Germans can not escape .
France and Germany can not move Europe alone , but Europe without them can not move at all .
The Democracy Paradox PARIS -- Elections stolen in Iran , disputed in Afghanistan , and caricatured in Gabon : recent ballots in these and many other countries do not so much mark the global advance of democracy as demonstrate the absence of the rule of law .
Of course , elections that lead to illiberal outcomes , and even to despotism , are not a new phenomenon .
For Zakaria , America had to support a moderate leader like General Pervez Musharraf in Pakistan , despite the fact that he had not come to power through an election .
With instantaneous communication and access to information , the less legitimate a regime , the greater will be the temptation for it to manipulate , if not fabricate , the results of elections .
The `` trendy '' way is to manufacture a significant but not too massive victory .
It can not switch from `` activism '' at one moment to abstention the next .
But the West has neither the moral right nor a strategic possibility of withdrawing into an `` ivory tower , '' something which in most cases does not exist .
The distance that separates the West from countries that rely on sham elections is not only geographic , religious , or cultural ; it is chronological .
Their `` time '' is not , has never been , or is no longer the same as that of the West .
It can not afford to ignore the issue any longer .
The Past is Never Past PARIS -- A nation 's relationship with its past is crucial to its present and its future , to its ability to `` move on '' with its life , or to learn from its past errors , not to repeat them .
There is the past that `` is n't dead and buried . In fact , it is not even past , '' in William Faulkner 's famous phrase . Such a past obsessively blocks any possible evolution towards a necessary reconciliation with oneself and a former or current foe .
What the Balkans needs nowadays are not historians or political scientists , but psychoanalysts who can help them transcend their past for the sake of the present and the future .
In contrast to this paranoid version of the past is a past that is buried under silence and propaganda ; a past that is simply not dealt with and remains like a secret wound that can become reopened at any moment .
Of course , non-treatment of the past is not the exclusive privilege of non-democratic regimes .
More than thirty years after the disappearance of the long dictatorship of Francisco Franco , Spain finds itself confronted by the shadows of a past it has deliberately chosen not to confront .
But the success of a country that has so mobilized its energies as to transform past humiliations into massive national pride is not accompanied &#45; &#45; and this is an understatement &#45; &#45; by a responsible opening into its past .
But how can China become capable of implementing the `` rule of law '' which it so badly needs , let us not even speak of democracy , if it continues to systematically lie to its people about the recent past ?
Such a choice can encourage the most dangerous nationalist tendencies within a society that does not know , especially young people , what hides behind the silence and official lies .
They were going `` to check '' the `` accuracy '' of historical remarks that did not fit with the history they had been taught at school .
One must know the past , not to risk repeating it , but also in order to transcend it .
But between a history that paralyzes a nation 's ability to `` move on '' collectively and an absolute unwillingness to face the past , which can lead to criticism of the present , there is ample room for maneuver . Healthy nations use that room to bury the pain of the past , if not the past itself .
Why is there such a difference between the fate of Berlin -- now a capital city where the progress of the present is slowly covering the many scars of the past -- and the fate of Nicosia , where time has been frozen , or that of Israel , whose `` security wall '' is expanding like a fresh scar , not to mention the North Korean regime 's unlikely consolidation behind its walls of paranoia and oppression ?
Above all , Mikhail Gorbachev will remain the man who had the vision and the courage not to oppose the course of history .
He may not have fully understood what was happening before his eyes and the forces that he had unleashed , but his restraint constitutes true greatness .
There , empty windows filled with sandbags continue to face each other defiantly , symbols of a past that has not passed for decades .
Israel is closer to Nicosia than to Berlin , not only in geographic but also in political terms , because successive Israeli and Palestinian leaders have likewise failed to demonstrate qualities of vision and imagination .
It is also a symbol of futility , because it does not constitute a viable long-term solution .
What must be discussed is the security wall 's unnecessary and aggressive geography , accompanied by the provocation of further Israeli settlements on the West Bank , not the principle that stands behind it .
After all , security alternatives that would prevent further bloodshed at the time of the Second Intifada did not exist .
India Remembered PARIS -- `` Do not forget India . ''
That warning made sense 10 or 15 years ago ; not any longer . India is now impossible to ignore , much less forget , owing not only to its rapid economic growth , but also to the country 's increasing geopolitical stature .
India today sees that the wider world , particularly the West , regards it with growing respect , not only for the country 's performance , but also for its essence -- a young country and that is also an ancient civilization .
As a result , India 's leaders seem not to have understood the shift towards China in US diplomacy in the first months of Obama 's presidency .
For example , if Pakistan is to dedicate all of its forces to the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban , India must convince the Pakistani Army that it need not fear a stab in the back .
The first Franco-German history book was released recently , and , according to its team of writers , it was not the past and the Nazi years that constitute a source of contention between French and German historians , but the present and in particular relations with the United States .
If European nation-states are reconciled with each other , they are not yet fully reconciled with themselves , with their dark or gray spots , and in particular their treatment of minorities .
Francois Mitterrand , by contrast , managed to assure the French only that they were not so bad , because he , Mitterrand , had served in the collaborationist Vichy regime of Marshal Pétain before joining the resistance .
It is with the French of Algerian descent , not to mention Algeria itself , that reconciliation seems most difficult to achieve .
This is the challenge facing much of the democratic world today , not only in France and Europe at large , but also in the US .
The way we French are perceived by others affects how we perceive ourselves , and nothing is more troubling for us than to be perceived with indifference or , worse , not to be noticed at all .
Of course , domestic considerations are not absent from Sarkozy 's thinking .
His behavior has been abominable for decades -- and not only towards his people .
The terrorist attacks on Western targets that he ordered include not only the Pan Am tragedy in Lockerbie , Scotland , but also a French UTA plane blown up over Africa .
And not only is Qaddafi truly bad , but Libya is comparatively small , and his forces appear relatively weak -LRB- this remains to be proven on the ground -RRB- .
Preventing Qaddafi from rebuilding the wall of fear that fell in Tunisia and Egypt is essential if the `` Arab spring '' is not to be succeeded by a new winter of discontent .
The West is not trying , as it did during the Crusades or the Imperialist conquests of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , to impose its religion or values on the Arabs .
Of course , an ideal scenario implies that the intervention `` goes well , '' and that it does not incite confusion or chaos in Libya or the wider region .
One should not , of course , try to take the comparison further .
Even if extremist parties are not all that extreme in their behavior , their ability to channel and contain their most extreme supporters is somewhat limited .
The French can not even walk on the sidewalk in front of the Elysée Palace , the seat of France 's president .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile `` unipolar moment , '' Clinton probably had an intuition of what America 's new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver .
By contrast , George W. Bush did not lose time .
He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn -- and he took it before 9\/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , America 's Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Three recent examples illustrate what went wrong with America , its loss of unique status , and its growing image as a partisan and unethical , if not destabilizing , force in the world .
But in psychological and political terms , the deal signed could only be perceived as legitimizing for Iran 's nuclear ambitions , not to mention North Korea 's .
It was the ultimate proof that the Bush administration does not believe in universal norms .
A `` good '' country would be treated with extreme leniency , whereas a `` bad '' country would not .
At a time when `` democracy '' and `` democratization '' have become the watchwords of US foreign policy , normalization of diplomatic relations with Gaddafi 's Libya , not to mention leniency towards Egypt and Saudi Arabia hardly boosts America 's credibility .
Despite the recent death of Zarqawi in Iraq , the situation there , and in Afghanistan , does not justify the continued Bush administration 's optimism .
Russia and China today are united not only by their energy deals , but also by both countries ' conviction that their time has come , and that the outside world needs them more than they need the outside world , particularly the US .
The program was in English , but the advertisements were in Spanish . In terms of football at least , the Hispanic community 's influence has brought the United States closer to Europe -LRB- though not , of course , in its team 's performance on the pitch -RRB- .
At the same time , during the World Cup , fans are not only universal ; they are also unique , and they can express their difference with impunity , sometimes in the most assertive , aggressive , and , unfortunately , occasionally racist manner .
From this standpoint , this year 's World Cup has not only witnessed the triumph of European nations -- all semi-finalists were European for the first time since 1982 -- but also the absence of even a glimmer of European emotions .
And this is not only because many coaches of the national teams are , like in the good old days , `` foreign mercenaries , '' with this Cup 's Swiss guards including the Brazilian coaches of Japan and Portugal , the Swedish coach of England , and the French coach of Tunisia .
Nostalgia is not what it used to be .
Indeed , after the violent episodes of the last year , France 's immigrant communities have a very different message to deliver : `` Without us , you would not have had this World Cup success .
France may not have the military might of the US or the growth rate of China and India , but its team reached the World Cup championship , raising its standing in the eyes of billions of people -- and perhaps giving a reprieve to its unpopular government .
Football may explain the world , but it does not improve it .
For decades they have created a zone where war has become unthinkable , where might is not right , where the poorer catch up with the richer .
But some candidates will not be able to conclude negotiations this year . A special effort should be made in order to strengthen their prospects .
But the poorest people -- those who live on less than $ 2 per day -- are often not considered important when a pandemic threat emerges .
They do not contribute significantly to the global economy , and their countries ' health systems function on a tiny fraction of what advanced economies devote to their populations ' health .
These are not familiar diseases to people lucky enough to live in the world 's richest countries , but they are household names to hundreds of millions of poor people , who are often infected with more than one of them .
Indeed , whereas the misery that worm diseases cause is extensive and the burden excessive -- as much as tuberculosis or malaria -- they do not kill immediately .
These are impressive figures , and the expense is trivial compared to the anti-retroviral drugs needed to treat AIDS , which cost more than $ 200 annually and must be taken every day , not every year .
Outside of Cuba , he does not want to be held captive by Cuba 's one international supporter : Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez .
Cuban officials stress that the purpose of these changes is to increase efficiency , `` not to alter the socialist model . ''
This is essential not only in order to build a `` better socialism , '' as Castro has promised , but , especially , to legitimize the continuity of the regime established by his brother Fidel 's revolution .
Chávez is simply not the right person to help Cuba normalize its international relations .
Science and knowledge are made up not of winners , but of survivors of continuous and systematic efforts to refute .
Should business administration students and future business managers immerse themselves in the philosophy of science , they would not only become more knowledgeable and have greater respect for science ; they might also become more rigorous and more competent , have greater respect for other disciplines , and be more humble .
Such expectations are not entirely unfounded , because most Internet censorship systems are not perfect .
Contrary to Western expectations , most of this domestic Internet censorship is carried out not by the government 's Internet police , but by Chinese Web hosting companies , which are being held legally responsible for what their users publish .
The authorities ' strategy is not new : establish tight control over the leading publishing platforms and fill them with propaganda and spin to shape online public opinion .
As contemporary authoritarian regimes learn how to manage and engineer information flows , we must understand that promoting and protecting free speech in places like China and Russia is not a simple matter of `` tearing down the wall . ''
Another company , Gubretas , which had bought Razi , one of Iran 's biggest petrochemical companies , for $ 650 million dollars in 2008 , has not yet been able to start production , owing to administrative restrictions .
Moreover , the proposed truck route between the Turkish Black Sea port of Trabzon and the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas has not yet materialized because of Iran 's hesitation .
These two networks are very often in competition , if not in conflict , with each other , reflecting the current Iranian political turmoil .
For example , Iran has not yet ratified international economic agreements such as the Economic Cooperation Organization Trade Agreement -LRB- ECOTA -RRB- , which would strengthen its economic ties with its neighbors , all of which are Muslim countries .
Supposedly `` friendly '' countries like Iran have been giving a helping hand , but almost always in the form of oil -- and not even refined oil -- rather than cash .
The effort to liberalize foreign investment has not taken up the slack in investment from the regime 's regional political partners .
It remains unclear whether or not that goal was fulfilled .
According to the IMF , `` the crisis did not directly affect the Lebanese economy , the banks are solid and the funds are flowing in . ''
But this assistance -- military hardware and a five-year military training program -- does not address the country 's fundamental economic problems .
But this did not prevent a decrease in Turkish-Lebanese trade last year .
Worse , a bilateral free-trade agreement has not been finalized , despite seven years of negotiations .
Yet this did not deter Turkey from organizing the Third Turkish-Arab Forum on July 10 , 2010 , with Syria , Jordan , and Lebanon .
The Web site of its Ministry of Economy and Trade does not even mention such a plan -LRB- but does quote the Arab League 's anti-Israel Central Boycott Office -RRB- .
Moreover , in 2009 , the Lebanese set World Trade Organization membership as a priority , and the proposed new free-trade agreement may not advance that goal .
This outcome did not come without a fight .
The treaty is but a necessary step to successful EU enlargement and further progress on Europe 's construction ; it is not an end in itself .
Clearly , the French `` yes '' did not solve everything .
Fair rather than free competition in trade is proposed , but what does this mean if member states are not able to reach consensus on how to make it happen ?
But it will all take time , and if the new arrangement lacks a qualified majority vote , fails to reform the Commission , and includes an opt-out on the charter of fundamental rights , it will not resolve the EU 's essential problems or its estrangement from European public opinion .
In such an atmosphere , inclusion of politically incorrect content is not merely a risky move , but constitutes a breach of social decorum .
Many TV producers have internalized these controls so well that they are an unconscious fact of life , and audiences now entertained by endless costume dramas and soap operas are not clamoring for freer political content .
Still , it is not what we do n't know about the stimulus plan that is troublesome .
The real danger of the new stimulus package is not ideological but environmental .
What the figure of 8 % signals to provincial officials and industrial managers is that the emerging promise of green GDP -- wherein a local government had to show not only growth , but also clean and energy-efficient growth -- has been abandoned .
If restaurants and food manufacturers will not voluntarily eliminate trans fats -LRB- as has largely been done in the Netherlands -RRB- , several points validate the need for , and the importance , of legislative measures to reduce the consumption of trans fats :
The financial crisis , morphing quickly into a global economic downturn , resulted not just from a failure to react to growing instability , risk , and imbalance , but also from a widespread pre-crisis inability to `` see '' the rising systemic risk .
Extreme balance-sheet destruction is what made it distinctive . In the future , central banks and regulators will not be able to afford a narrow focus on -LRB- goods and services -RRB- inflation , growth , and employment -LRB- the real economy -RRB- while letting the balance-sheet side fend for itself .
Relative to the recent past , the cost of capital will increase , debt will be more expensive and less ubiquitous , and risk spreads will not return to pre-crisis compressed levels .
Assets bubbles will not disappear , but they will be less likely to be turbocharged by leverage .
But there is a risk that the interests of the remaining one-third of the world 's people -LRB- and the majority of the small countries -RRB- will not be adequately represented as the international architecture for managing the global economy evolves .
Inattention to their interests is not just a moral issue , but a potentially explosive social and economic one .
It is not inconceivable that the baby will be thrown out with the bath water .
To be successful , a strategy of fighting climate change must be not only fair , but also effective .
Advanced countries by themselves simply can not ensure that safe global CO2 levels are reached .
The goal is not to prevent developing countries ' growth-related emissions , but to slow their rise and eventually reverse them as these countries become richer .
As for developing countries , while they would not have explicit credits or targets until they graduate to advanced-country status , they would know that at some point -LRB- say , when their carbon emissions reach the average level of advanced countries -RRB- they would be included in the global system of restrictions .
Conflict between advanced and developing countries over responsibility for mitigating carbon emissions should not be allowed to undermine prospects for a global agreement .
This means that limits on our consumption of fossil fuels can not be measured only by the availability of supplies , but must also take account of the environmental costs .
Despite the IPCC 's target for annual per capita CO2 emissions , we still do not know how much warming various levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause .
Indeed , it is not reasonable to expect that any country , rich or poor , should set or agree to 50-year targets .
This is why delaying the adoption of long-term targets is not a recipe for business as usual .
But those costs will have a significantly higher expected value if we do not adopt sensible global strategies that include adjusting our mitigation efforts in response to new information .
Because asset prices will not reach pre-crisis levels anytime soon -LRB- that is , without inflating another bubble and risking renewed instability -RRB- , household saving in the United States has risen to about 5 % of disposable income , and probably will rise further .
But this substitution can not continue indefinitely .
If the slowdown in advanced countries persists , pre-crisis growth levels will not be achievable in the developing world either , owing to insufficient demand to absorb the implied increase in output .
But it is an unfortunate mathematical fact that not everyone can gain market share .
The problem is all the more pressing because countries can achieve gains in market share not only through higher private-sector competitiveness , but also by means of protectionist measures .
This challenge , however , is very complex because deleveraging and rebalancing can not be completed overnight .
The central lesson for investors seems to me to be that not all components of risk are static , but rather evolve in ways that are not yet fully understood -- and that government regulation can not fully address . For that reason , the ability of markets to self-correct should play a role as well , which requires that investment strategies attempt to take the possibility of systemic risk into consideration .
Of course , major systemic disruptions do not occur every year .
But I would not bet on this happening .
The point is not to suggest that there is one right answer , but rather that investment strategy and payout decisions should take into account the longer-term dimensions of risk .
This is particularly relevant to large investors who , unlike traders , can not totally ignore macroeconomic fundamentals without abandoning reasonable diversification .
Nevertheless , they are not invulnerable , because even fair valuations -- or , indeed , undervaluations -- are not exempt from the downward pressures of a crisis or the resetting of asset prices after a build-up of systemic risk .
Second , in times of widespread distress , liquid portfolios create investment opportunities , as depressed asset prices -LRB- often overly so -RRB- combine with the capacity to invest while others can not or will not .
Perhaps most importantly , short - and medium-run returns , especially during periods when they are high , should not be taken as accurate signals of long-run returns .
Investment strategies should not be based on the assumption that all times are `` normal '' times , and that periodic instability is abnormal . The challenges of assessing systemic risk and the timing of instability are just that -- challenges , not reasons to ignore the phenomenon .
They look clean-shaven ; even with a magnifying glass I do not detect a single beard among them .
Here , too , I can not find a single reference to Allah , Islam , or the ummah -LRB- community of believers -RRB- .
Objectives not in line with these aspirations have been criticized and often shunned .
That does not bode well for a domino effect , as no other Arab country has either a strong middle class or a tradition of modern , secular government .
Despite the extensive physical damage and loss of life inflicted on the country by some of Ben-Ali 's die-hard supporters , the tense and dangerous few days that followed the dictator 's fall did not change the course of the revolution .
They should remind themselves that demonization , exclusion , and division are not the only options -- and should not be the region 's destiny .
Indeed , in February , he declared that multiculturalism was a `` failure , '' adding , `` Our Muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else ... but it can only be a French Islam , not just an Islam in France . ''
Sarkozy , of course , did not define what he meant by a `` French Islam . '' But the comments were widely interpreted as an echo of pronouncements a few days earlier by Marine Le Pen , the leader of the far-right National Front party .
Many young European voters , who may know better , will most likely not look kindly at such opportunistic tactics .
The great philosophers of the Enlightenment would not hesitate to endorse the moral consciousness expressed in the postings that flooded cyberspace during the Tunisian revolution .
Before the protests began in Egypt and Tunisia , many people argued that there was no real urgency to political reform , and that those who were calling for change did not understand the public mood -- things were n't as bad as the dissidents made them out to be .
This line of thinking led governments to believe that Arabs would not demonstrate in large numbers and demand change .
But Islamists did not play a big role in Egypt or Tunisia , and they are not expected to lead any of the new governments that are formed -- though they are an important part of Arab societies and should play a role in their emerging regimes .
There is an opportunity here to start developing pluralistic systems where not only Islamists , but also other parties and discourses can play a role .
People will not be satisfied with economic handouts or cosmetic changes in governance ; they are demanding real change that puts their country on a clear path toward democracy .
But the subsequent silence on democratization aggravated -- though it certainly did not cause -- the unraveling of the Arab reform process in the last few years .
The West should not sacrifice these objectives for others ; if allies ultimately lose power in popular revolts , such a tradeoff would not have furthered the West 's interests , to say the least .
Yet opponents of the idea of `` Muslim democracy '' argue that European Catholics only turned to democracy under orders from the Vatican , and that since Muslims do not have anything like a Church hierarchy , Christian Democracy is an irrelevant example .
He also influenced the Christian Democratic parties that governed after 1945 in Germany , Italy , the Benelux countries , and , to a lesser extent , France , and which consolidated not only democracy , but also built strong welfare states in line with Catholic social doctrine .
Of course , Muslim democracy will not be brought about by intellectuals alone .
This new appeal to religion -- after a long period when it was taken for granted that secularization would make religion less and less politically relevant -- is not an exclusively French phenomenon .
Under David Cameron 's leadership , the newly invigorated Conservative Party is listening to a number of thinkers , dubbed `` red Tories , '' who urge the party to turn its back on Thatcherism and embrace civil society , local community , the family , and , not least , religion as a major force in fostering responsible social behavior .
But the point is not that individuals in different European countries are becoming more religious -- there is hardly any evidence for that .
This is not to say that all appeals to religion are just cynical election ploys .
That is not an absurd idea . There is a long and distinguished tradition of Catholic social thought .
For the moment , the temptation is for the European right to find its `` new look '' through a selective appeal to religion -- and wait and see whether it works as an electoral strategy . They should remember , though , that starting a Kulturkampf is to play with fire : it might be possible to instrumentalize religious passions for a time ; but such passions can not permanently be controlled from above .
An increasing number of countries -- especially , but not only , in Europe -- seem to think so .
It is clearly helpful for immigrants to get hints about how to navigate daily life practically -- such as norms about standing in line . But this kind of local knowledge should not be subject to testing .
Most people acquire survival skills -- if not more sophisticated forms of savoir-faire -- informally , as a quick glance at the immigration experience in the United States demonstrates .
The lesson is that national governments should not test the attitudes of immigrants to moral and cultural questions that remain controversial even among established members of the host country .
It would be hypocritical , for example , to pretend that everyone in Western liberal democracies is enthusiastic about gay people or nudists -- what matters is that their rights be respected , not that everyone like them .
Tests should communicate lessons about rights and democracy , that is , politics -- not about lifestyles or the supposed core content of a `` national culture '' -LRB- on which established members of a host country themselves would probably be hard pressed to reach consensus -RRB- .
They are akin to language requirements -- except that the language here is a civic , not a national one , which in the best case allows new citizens to voice their concerns with perfect political grammar .
What these kinds of exams can not do -- and should not attempt to do -- is test people 's political convictions .
In that sense , 1968 and today 's protests are not as different as some observers claim .
It did not help that Hessel nostalgically invoked Jean-Paul Sartre and existentialism , and the `` great stream of history '' -- longings reflected on a hand-painted sign at Occupy Wall Street : `` Get excited and do something . '' Tellingly , that sign was flanked by posters for the left-wing anarchist philosopher Noam Chomsky and the right-wing libertarian politician Ron Paul .
If so , the people on the squares of Madrid , Athens , and New York are not so much demonstrating against those in power -- give or take a few anarchists -- as demonstrating to those in power that they should feel ashamed for having reneged on supposedly shared commitments .
Indignation is different from outrage -- a sentiment that is ultimately blind and not necessarily connected to any presumption that one shares commitments with the people against whom it is directed .
If today 's protest movements are based on righteous indignation , the lack of concrete demands should not be a problem : shared norms -LRB- and the policies that would follow from them -RRB- can still broadly be assumed .
This also means that political elites should try to understand and work with the message of indignation -- and not cynically play up anger for electoral advantage .
It is not just ridiculous , but downright irresponsible , for example , that the British Labor Party intellectual Maurice Glasman now feels compelled to reveal the so-far hidden `` angry insurgent side '' of party leader Ed Miliband .
Elites -- and protesters ' fellow citizens -- should respond conscientiously and creatively to moral indignation , comprehending that it is ultimately about an affirmation of liberal democracy , and not about all-out revolution , let alone nihilism .
PRINCETON -- By now , everyone knows that Germany is calling the shots not just in the eurozone , but across all of Europe .
While Germans generally see no legitimacy in a global role , even in alliance with the country 's old partners , Germany 's neighbors do not find a German-led Europe legitimate .
Contrary to the fears of many of these neighbors in 1990 -LRB- and contrary to what many analysts claim now -RRB- , the Berlin Republic is not more nationalistic than the old West Germany .
True , the left-liberal pacifist milieu that in the old Federal Republic disproportionately influenced published opinion with its political pieties disappeared during the 1990 's ; but today 's more `` normal '' Germany did not begin forgetting the Nazi past and reasserting itself as a Great Power .
Germans -- for once not so ironically -- often present themselves as world champions at `` coming to terms with the past '' ; and their new capital 's architecture -- derided by some as `` antiquarian masochism '' -- literally gives this ethos concrete expression .
Nobody wants to repeal citizenship legislation that makes birthplace , not bloodlines , the basis of belonging , and everybody is proud that right-wing populism has never taken off in the way that it has among some of Germany 's neighbors .
Even Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union is in many ways de facto a social democratic , and certainly not a nationalist , party .
Germany 's behavior today is not driven by nationalism -LRB- not even economic nationalism -RRB- , but by German elites ' loss of a political compass , as well as the Berlin Republic 's new domestic and international circumstances .
Berlin is not sleepy Bonn , and the world of the 24-news cycle is not the same as the clubby atmosphere of the old Federal Republic , where only the opinion of one or two newspapers mattered .
In Europe , Germany is obviously the indispensable nation , yet it lacks not only a clear mandate to lead , but also a clear sense of what the European Union should look like after the great projects of peace , the common market , and enlargement are more or less completed .
But Germans will not give it up for nothing .
While the common currency has benefited all countries that have adopted it -- not least as an anchor in the current economic crisis -- the failure of euro-zone members to abide by their agreement risk could yet turn the euro into a disaster .
Italy did not fulfill another criterion as well , as its national currency , the lira , did not spend the mandatory two years inside the European Exchange Rate Mechanism .
What if Greece gets into so much trouble that it can not service its debt ?
That is not impossible .
A member of the euro zone can not be expelled under current rules , allowing countries like Greece to lie , manipulate , blackmail , and collect more and more EU funds .
`` It is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer , or the baker that we expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest , '' Smith wrote .
As Smith emphasized , when commerce links us to foreign peoples , we come to regard them not as barbarians but as potential suppliers and customers .
Having just passed through the bloodiest century in human history , increasing the zone of indifference to the ultimate goals of others -- as long as they are not directed against us -- should be mankind 's top priority .
But self-interested indifference does not mean a lack of mutual concern .
But awareness of this danger should not lead us to lose sight of a fundamental fact : many of the moral advantages and conceptions of selfhood that those in capitalist societies take for granted are due in no small part to capitalism itself .
But what if many of the abilities and dispositions in question are a product of history , capable of being understood and explained but not readily replicated ?
For most economists , the extent to which modern capitalism has been shaped by earlier cultural predispositions is a source of puzzlement at best , if not merely a factor to be dismissed .
Such cultural considerations simply do not fit into the categories in which equation-fixated economists are predisposed to think .
In search of economic niches not already occupied by others , Jews frequently created markets for new products and services .
Yet not all minorities long subject to discrimination necessarily succeed under conditions of market competition .
Of course , these changes do not mark a sharp break with the past .
President Jiang returned recently to that global gathering of business leaders but , thankfully , a repeat of that appeasement did not occur .
The outside world is not helpless in fighting against China 's abuse of psychiatry .
It was not readmitted until 1989 , after years of perestroika and the opening of direct access to Western psychiatric delegations by Soviet forensic psychiatric institutions .
Of course , the Neo-Confucian system was not immune to mankind 's appetites .
Accredited or not , they should stand in solidarity with the people of Zimbabwe at this crucial moment , act as witnesses to the deteriorating pre-election environment , and serve as a bulwark against any escalation of state brutality during and after the vote .
But change does not come easily to Iran .
But a country does not fail of its own volition , nor is it weakened by unknown causes .
For these and many other reasons , rebuilding Afghanistan 's economy will require not only economic reconstruction but an effort to reinvent the country 's political and cultural institutions .
Rebuilding the country can not be done cheaply .
Eliminating it will not only help farmers and the West as it tries to curtail heroin use , but also Afghanistan 's infant government as it struggles to assert its national authority against the warlords .
A bankrupt warlord , after all , can not buy weapons or bribe people to maintain their loyalty .
Afghanistan poses particular difficulties in reconstruction , as it is not a society with a strong political center .
An international conference on Afghanistan should be called by the US and held under UN auspices . It must affirm not only Afghanistan 's territorial integrity , but insure that donor commitments meet the scale of the job and that these promises are kept .
However , protocols and political treaties are not sufficient to boost integration .
Macroeconomic policy harmonization is needed to ensure that changes in one SADC member country do not adversely affect economic activity elsewhere .
These are not missing persons like the Albanians whom Serbian police executed and buried in secret graves during the Kosovo conflict of 1999 .
UN missing-persons researchers -- not criminal investigators -- searched for them for years and found no trace of them in Kosovo .
Kosovo will not convince many more countries to recognize its independence unless it investigates these disappearances and demonstrates a commitment to the rule of law .
-LRB- Likewise , no one should forget the Albanian dead that Serbia has not returned . -RRB-
Kosovo 's Albanians do not want a state tainted by such allegations .
Though Kuwait is a monarchy , its parliamentary history has not been placid , and the election campaign reflected ongoing tensions between the royal family and segments of the electorate .
Though political parties have not been legalized , they are nonetheless active in parliament and public life .
Indeed , three members of the outgoing parliament who supported the government were not candidates , having lost in their tribal primaries .
In the other Arab states , the political leadership and the media have not dwelled much on these aspects of Saddam 's rule .
The overlap in membership between NATO and the EU makes such defense cooperation both possible and logical , if not unavoidable .
Nations that can not afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization to enhance their contribution to Europe 's collective defense .
Greater defense integration in Europe is not just an appealing or interesting idea ; it is an imperative .
Current capacity is roughly 500 weapons annually in both Russia and the US , which means that the total of 2,000 weapons each that the ICNND Report suggests for the year 2025 can not be fully implemented much before 2028 .
In addition , the report proposes a declaration by these states that the sole purpose of nuclear weapons is to deter others from their use , coupled with an obligation not to increase their stockpiles .
Withdrawal of these weapons would not mean the end of nuclear deterrence for Europe , as deterrence will remain necessary until the last nuclear weapon is dismantled .
Indeed , without the US and Russian examples , the world would see more , not fewer , nuclear-weapon states .
Cambodian survivors of the Khmer Rouge recall the daily fear of criticizing that regime ; it would be especially tragic if Cambodians did not feel free to express their views of the Extraordinary Chambers .
Meaningful public engagement with the court requires an underlying environment that fosters -- not punishes -- the free expression of ideas .
Finally , having generously contributed most of the tribunal 's funds , donor governments can not just sit back and watch .
The court 's bare bones budget of $ 56 million over three years does not cover basics such as a safe house for protected witnesses , transcripts of court testimony , or a library .
So we knew that there would be problems with the election , that voting would not be clean in the way Western countries take for granted .
The government wasted little time in responding : the next day , it declared itself the winner , with not even half of the constituencies reporting their results .
Those held simply because they do not support the government must be freed and allowed to participate in the democratic process .
A worthy goal , but successful models do not come readily to mind .
It would not be the first time that a government misused aid intended for disaster victims .
The participants in those events included the `` Plumbers , '' a personal secret police established by Nixon and so named because one of their tasks was to eliminate leaks of information that the White House did not want to disclose .
As far as we know , Bush has not gone that far .
The list does not stop there .
These are highly complex cases , frequently involving not only novel issues under international law , but also thousands of witnesses -- often traumatized by their suffering -- dispersed to many lands , the constant need for high-quality simultaneous translations , and disruptive tactics by some defendants .
Even heads of state have not escaped these bodies .
Most important , of course , is the need to prevent the suffering caused by the crimes that lead to international prosecutions ; and when those crimes can not be prevented , we must provide some comfort and redress to the victims and their families by doing justice .
In the wake of Milosevic 's death , Karadzic and Mladic should be brought before the ICTY , both to reinforce its work and to demonstrate to their victims that the international community is resolved not to allow their suffering to be forgotten .
The timing of that second indictment especially aroused critics , because it came just before the start of the Dayton peace conference . Because they faced arrest , Karadzic and Mladic did not go to Dayton .
Although the prosecutor for the Special Court for Sierra Leone indicted Taylor in March 2003 for his crimes in the war that had devastated that country , the indictment was not disclosed publicly until three months later .
We can not rule out the possibility that doing justice in Darfur will make it more difficult to achieve peace there .
In the long run , doing justice seems a way to contribute to peace , but one can not be sure that things will work out that way every time .
Rights do not depend on membership of a particular community or citizenship in a certain state . They do not derive from a social contract .
Other governments and intergovernmental bodies have not filled the gap left by the US .
The European Union has been a positive force in promoting rights in those countries aspiring to membership , but it has not demonstrated a capacity to exercise influence worldwide .
These achievements are not stopping war , but they are reducing the number of terrible human rights violations that accompany armed conflict .
Yet without the legitimacy derived from the Universal Declaration and its role in promoting compliance , the nongovernmental human rights movement could not have developed into a global force .
They do not seem concerned that the charges are unfair ; rather , they appear to be demonstrating solidarity with a fellow head of state .
Though Bashir may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting his international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational .
The treaty establishing the ICC explicitly states that heads of state do not enjoy immunity .
If the ICC 's indictment now causes them discomfort , that is only because they did not anticipate that the Court would carry out the responsibilities that they themselves assigned to it .
NEW YORK -- Perhaps no country on earth -- not even Iraq , Afghanistan , or Sudan -- has suffered more gravely from armed conflict in the past decade and a half than the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Those who insist that blasphemy does not warrant the protection otherwise given to freedom of expression often claim that it is a form of hate speech .
In those circumstances , the violence is not imminent , and it is carried out by those offended by the speaker 's views rather than by sympathizers .
After all , while a speaker can reasonably take care not to express views that will lead to imminent violence , if listeners have unlimited discretion in determining what causes offense , the speaker can never know what will so offend some people near or far at some time in the future that they will commit violence .
Of course , such distinctions do not matter much to the religious fanatics who rejoice in the murder of Salman Taseer .
What is not in dispute about the `` Goldstone Report '' is the fact-finding on which its conclusions are based .
Goldstone also documented attacks against Israeli civilians by Hamas , and did not restrict himself to a discussion of the notorious rockets indiscriminately fired from Gaza .
That is why Human Rights Watch , which covered much of the same ground as Goldstone in its own reporting on Gaza -- and was also vigorously denounced by apologists for Israeli human rights abuses -- did not reach such a conclusion .
But that does not make it wrong for a seasoned investigator like Goldstone , reviewing the evidence that he collected , to infer intentionality from the pattern and quantity of abuses .
The original Goldstone Report could have limited its conclusory judgment to an assertion that Israel did not meet its obligation under the international laws of armed conflict to take all feasible measures to minimize harm to civilians .
Yet , because Goldstone went further and found a policy of intentionality , before revising that judgment , he should have insisted on additional evidence that his finding was not warranted .
In other words , Goldstone 's retraction is either not warranted by the evidence on which he says that he now relies , or it is premature .
This must be done fairly , so that disproportionate focus on one side 's abuses does not create distortions .
In withdrawing his conclusion that there was a policy of intentional targeting of civilians by Israel , Goldstone has not said that his judgment , based on the evidence before him at the time , was wrong .
Although we can not know how many lives would be lost and how much misery would be inflicted in an invasion of Iraq to oust Saddam 's regime , the cost would unquestionably be great .
The International Criminal Court , which is now taking shape in The Hague with the selection of its first justices , does not have retroactive jurisdiction .
It can not consider crimes committed prior to July 1 , 2002 .
For example , Uganda 's Idi Amin and Ethiopia 's Haile Mariam Mengistu -- deposed tyrants who rival Saddam in the scale of their criminality -- have taken care not to stray from their shelters in Saudi Arabia and Zimbabwe , respectively .
Without amnesty from a body such as the UN Security Council , the theoretical possibility that he could be prosecuted would be preserved . He could not move freely .
`` If not , '' the President warned , `` the people who mistreat the prisoners will be treated as war criminals . ''
Having said that , whatever America does at Guantanamo does not justify Iraqi mistreatment of American or British prisoners .
As a long-time advocate of bringing Saddam and his cohorts to justice for their crimes against the Kurds , the Marsh Arabs and many others , I endorse the Bush Administration 's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war .
But those charged with responsibility for such crimes should be brought before an international -- not American -- tribunal .
Nearly a half-century later , the world embarked on a better course with the establishment of the International Criminal Tribunal for ex-Yugoslavia -LRB- ICTY -RRB- in 1993 . It is not susceptible to the charge of victor 's justice , because the entire world is represented by its judgments .
Although the most high-profile defendants , Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Seselj , are doing their best to discredit the tribunal , they will fail . The charge of bias is simply not sustainable .
If the US continues to do all that it can to minimize civilian casualties , it has nothing to fear from an international tribunal . The fact that errant bombs or missiles kill some civilians does not make their deaths war crimes .
The British are not alone .
That is , the Bush administration believed that they were al Qaeda members or others who did not fight by the rules of war and thus not entitled to prisoner-of-war status .
The Bush administration 's argument for not applying domestic law is that the prisoners are not American citizens and are not held on American territory .
But its fundamental position is that treaties such as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights are not self-executing .
As in other instances where government officials claim unanimity -- such as Saddam Hussein 's assertion that he obtained 100 % of Iraqis ' support in the plebiscite that he conducted shortly before the war -- America 's position is simply not credible .
Moreover , even if they are found to be unlawful combatants , the First Additional Protocol of 1977 requires that they be afforded certain due process protections , which will not be available to those brought before the proposed military commissions .
Last month , Mugabe 's riot police , armed with AK-47 rifles , raided the paper , halting production and looting much of its equipment-though not the new printing press , which was too big to carry away .
One proclaimed `` solidarity with Zimbabwe ... to encourage and sustain the positive developments that are taking place . '' The other condemns `` the Commonwealth , the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- , and the United States of America -LRB- US -RRB- sanctions as they hurt not only ordinary Zimbabweans but also have profound social and economic implications on the region as a whole . ''
Nigeria 's President Olusegun Obasanjo responded to the paper 's closure by announcing that Mugabe would not be invited to the December meeting of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting scheduled to take place in his capital , Abuja .
It is not only the future of Zimbabwe that is at stake .
It thus sometimes achieved indirectly what could not be done directly : the leveraging of American influence to promote human rights .
Despite -LRB- or because of -RRB- its insistence that all who are not with America are against it , the Bush administration alienated many who previously counted themselves either as friends of the US or did not take sides .
It treated the UN Security Council with disdain in its rush to war in Iraq , invoking justifications that have not stood up to scrutiny .
Fortunately , while this is likely to remain true for the foreseeable future , the international human rights movement is not completely without resources .
By contrast , the world 's rising powers -- Brazil , China , India , and Russia -- insist not only on the primacy of their national interests , but , as the failed climate negotiations in Copenhagen last December demonstrated , on sovereign freedom of action as well .
To them , geopolitics is not anathema ; it is the basis of all their external actions .
In the face of this new\/old reality , Europe must not merely make itself heard on the great global issues of trade and fiscal imbalances , important as they are .
The countries that lie between the European Union and Russia are not only a source of geopolitical competition between Europe and Russia , but now intersect with the national interests of the world 's rising powers , particularly China .
China cares about this region not only because it is concerned with maintaining the post-Cold War settlement across Eurasia , but also because it recognizes that it will provide the transit routes for much of the energy wealth of Iraq , Iran , and Central Asia .
Ukraine 's industries need to modernize , not become more addicted to cheap gas , and gas transit will become almost as monopolistic as gas supply -- a dismal prospect , given past cut-offs of gas supplies between Russia and Europe .
But it also implies , above all , a unifying vision , not only concerning the challenges that affect all countries -- weapons proliferation , terrorism , epidemics , and climate change , for example -- but also concerning one 's strategic assets .
But many of these products are basically sugar water or sugary foods that might as well be cookies , with ingredients added or removed to appeal to LOHAS customers who would otherwise not buy them .
Some do not disclose their content of sugar alcohols , and some have so much of these additives that they are almost certain to produce laxative effects or gas .
Even if I had not seen these results and warnings , I would n't eat power and energy bars , which , according to the magazine Consumer Reports , taste `` gritty , chalky , or chemical . ''
This is not to diminish the value of some of the lesser evils -- low-fat milk and yogurt , for example .
He was not criticizing ethnic and cultural pluralism , but the idea of `` state multiculturalism , '' which applies different moral standards to various social groups .
In the future , Cameron declared , Muslim groups that do not , for example , endorse women 's rights , defend freedom of expression , or promote integration would lose all government funding .
It is not just official multiculturalism that has failed in Europe , however ; so has the multiculturalism endorsed by large parts of European civil society .
The Stockholm suicide bombing was not the first act of violence linked to Vilks .
What is remarkable is not just the violence and threats against Vilks -- anyone who doubts the determination of Islamist extremists in Sweden should watch the YouTube clip from that lecture -- but also the reaction from the otherwise radically secular Swedish establishment .
A number of influential Swedish intellectuals and politicians have directed their harshest criticism against Vilks , not against those who have called for censorship and even incited violence .
Overseas , China 's role in places like Sudan and Burma not only draws international opprobrium , but also taints its reputation .
The recent `` saffron revolution '' in Burma presented China with not only a challenge , but also an opportunity to exert its influence .
Though China finally pacified the situation by threatening to withdraw investment , doing so meant reneging on the promise not to meddle in other countries ' domestic affairs .
So far , China 's leaders have not seen the merits of abandoning non-interference .
Much of the Chinese wrath is directed at biased reports , not at Western media in general .
What was not predicted was the size of the victory for this so-called `` party of power , '' or the exceedingly poor showing by the Communist Party -LRB- KPRF -RRB- .
But the election law does not require that every party take part in such events , so United Russia merely shrugged off the criticism .
Russians are not surprised at the poor showing of the so-called reformist forces , the Union of Right-Wing Forces -LRB- SPS -RRB- and the liberal Yabloko party .
Back then , most of the country was not governed at all , half of the economy 's productive capacity vanished , the Kremlin could not get a single reform law through the Communist Duma , and only lazy people were not talking about the country 's disintegration .
To be sure , contemporary Russia can hardly be called an exemplary democracy , and not all trends are encouraging .
Similarly , it was not Putin who enacted a constitution with an enormously powerful presidential government and a weak system of checks and balances , nor did he start the slaughter in Chechnya . The Yeltsin regime was not so much democratic as anarchic and oligarchic .
In any case , it is not liberals who can get people into the streets in Russia ; it is the Communists and nationalists .
Their red and brown revolution would certainly be colorful , but not exactly the sunny outcome liberals profess to desire .
Liberals should face up to grim reality : Russia already had an `` orange '' revolution , in 1991 , and the results were not particularly impressive .
Russia 's Constitution does not allow for a `` technical presidency . ''
While not entirely addressing the flaws in the design , the new situation -- with the strongest political figure heading the executive branch -- will permit more effective performance by the government , which is still battling to recover from Putin 's administrative reforms of 2004 .
He is a fluent English speaker who does not have a secret-service background and has been dealing with the West for almost a decade as the Russian energy industry 's leading figure .
While Medvedev 's liberal instincts are debatable , the forces arrayed against him not in doubt are : the Sechin clan , the Cherkessov clan , the siloviki of the military and security services , his rivals who he beat to the top job , and of course , his predecessor and mentor , Putin .
His popularity has been bestowed , not earned , so it can be taken away as easily as it was given .
Foreign investors and EU politicians may not see through Medvedev 's benign disguise -- or may choose not to .
It 's no use complaining about Russia 's strategic bullying when we are not being strategic ourselves .
Our energy security is in our own hands , not Russia 's .
Its troubles have not riveted world attention in recent years , probably because Burundi 's rebels failed to plumb the depths of savagery seen in Rwanda and Congo .
But this does not explain why these groups supposedly hate each other so much .
Presidential assassinations do not necessarily lead to civil wars , but in Burundi , a large-scale massacre of Tutsi civilians by Hutu immediately followed the coup attempt .
But while downsizing government may be fashionable in the West , now is not the time for slimming down Burundi 's state sector .
The international community must understand that the political benefits of not alienating the old elite while offering new opportunities to traditionally excluded groups outweigh the financial cost .
Moreover . there will always be groups with their own interests , using arguments that we do not have sufficient evidence to act .
The strongest critique has come from sugar associations , who claim that the upper limit of 10 % on caloric intake from sugar is not based upon scientific evidence .
This told us that the new neurons were not born by division of existing neurons , but were born elsewhere in the brain and went through a migratory stage during which they were not recognized as neurons .
It came as a great surprise when we discovered that the cells giving birth to the new neurons were a type called radial glia , which were thought not to occur in adulthood and were not known to give birth to neurons .
It seems likely that the replacement of neurons in the adult brain did not evolve to make up losses due to illness or lesion , but as a process of constant renewal , a few cells being replaced every day .
As far as known , only a small fraction of all brain cells fall into the replaceable class ; when other kinds of neurons die , they are not replaced .
This goal is not near .
Science , it seems , is drifting into political dangers it has not faced since before the Enlightenment .
This is not to say that religious sentiment or , in the case of Germany , bitter historical experience stemming from the Nazi era , had not informed other European debates , say , on the ethics of stem-cell research .
Yet Europe should not think itself immune to this problem .
Debates about the nature and benefits of science are not confined to the US and Europe .
Although the language of religion was not used overtly , the debate in Asia reflected the same fears that science is somehow `` out of control '' and far too powerful .
It is a state of being involuntarily gripped by something that is difficult to ward off and for which , since one can not act otherwise , one is accountable only in a limited sense .
But the urge for knowledge that drives inborn curiosity to transcend given horizons does not remain uncurbed .
Likewise , however desirable its ability to produce the unexpected and unforeseeable , science today can not claim that it is not accountable to society .
But curiosity must not be limited too severely , lest science 's ability to produce new knowledge be lost .
To be sure , not everything that arouses scientific curiosity is controversial ; in fact , most scientific research is not .
The other target audience consists of younger children , whose openness and inborn curiosity have not yet been stifled by formal schooling .
Mark Twain once said , `` Fewer things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example . '' The ERC does not want to annoy , but to make a difference -- for European research in a global , competitive context .
The `` no '' vote not only forestalled attempts by President Mwai Kibaki and his inner circle to tighten their grip on power , but it also confirmed to ordinary Kenyans the power of the ballot box .
Reformers within the government not only capitulated to the backsliding , but actively contributed to it .
These steps barely veiled an agenda intended not only to guarantee electoral victory , but also to cement political dominance by the Kibaki 's ethnic group .
At the same time , emissions can not be reduced at the extent required without the central contribution of the developing world .
If we do not start to combat the flow of greenhouse-gas emissions now , the stock in the atmosphere will continue to grow , making future action more difficult and costly .
The choice in Copenhagen will be stark , and the stakes could not be higher .
As former US Secretary of State George P. Shultz , former US Secretary of Defense William J. Perry , former US Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger , and former US Senator Sam Nunn put it in 2007 , `` Without the bold vision -LRB- of a nuclear weapons-free world -RRB- , the actions will not be perceived as fair or urgent .
Without the actions , the vision will not be perceived as realistic or possible . ''
The timing could not be better , as the Euro-Atlantic family has entered a critical period .
But when rebuilding starts , rural areas must not be overlooked .
Agriculture plays a vital role in Haiti 's economy , yet the country does not produce enough food to feed its people .
The challenge is to ensure that earlier efforts are not lost , and that recovery includes a push toward sustainable agricultural production systems for Haiti .
But they can not do so without secure access to land and water -- as well as to rural financial services to pay for seed , tools , and fertilizer .
Indeed , the private sector has a pivotal role to play in rural development , not just in Haiti but throughout the developing world .
Although eight countries have met or surpassed that target , the continent as a whole has not .
But reaching this target is not enough .
But transformation of African agriculture will not happen until the private sector is fully engaged in agricultural production , processing , and marketing .
Given their central role not only as mothers and caregivers , but also as farmers , rural women hold the key to food security .
That is why any nation that does not provide opportunities for women will not reach its full potential .
Change can not be imposed from outside , it must be cultivated from within .
If smallholder farmers have the basic infrastructure they need to get their goods to market , they will not only be able to feed themselves and their communities , but will contribute to wider food security .
There is a second conclusion to be drawn , less evident but even more important : Obama 's ambition is not confined to cutting the root of Islamic terrorism , or even to bringing peace to the Middle East .
In the new Obama world order , transatlantic relations are not the foundation , but just one of the Venn diagram 's ellipses -- as significant or insignificant as Europeans choose to make it .
Europeans have long cherished the belief that centuries of history and the facts of geography , not to mention more recent patterns of immigration , have given them some sort of special relationship with the Islamic world -- an often strained and sometimes bloody relationship , but nonetheless one based on deep mutual familiarity .
And , though Europeans have lamented that fate has allocated the real power in the Middle East to their crass cousins , they have nonetheless done pretty well there , not least commercially , simply by not being American .
Time for a Post-American Europe PARIS -- As Barack Obama arrives in Sweden to collect his Nobel Prize , the celebrations expose an awful truth : Europe 's admiration for its ideal of an American president is not reciprocated .
His observation that the US-China relationship will shape the twenty-first century was not a statement of preference , but an acknowledgement of reality .
After all , it is not just the British who believe themselves to have a `` special relationship '' ; most of the EU 's member states like to believe that they have a particular `` in '' with America which gives them a special influence .
But the problem is one of political psychology , not institutional arrangements .
They will not always agree among themselves .
Suleman does not have a decent job , but she managed to invest in costly fertility treatments and could afford many expensive cosmetic surgeries .
Bewitched by symbols of affluence and a level of consumption that she could not afford , she acted like a child herself , with no thought to the future .
Enough is not enough anymore .
The relief comes from not aspiring tospend like Suleman , or Britney Spears , or the neighbors down the street .
But , while some Western feminist insights may be useful to Afghani women and other women in the developing world as they resist certain forms of male oppression , we should not assume -- as Western feminists often have -- that our job is to proselytize `` our '' feminism .
They did not see their struggle as a cultural or ideological clash between men and women , but rather as a very practical effort to live free from violence and sexual assault , forced child marriage and bride-burning , and legal exclusion from parity .
The emerging consensus in India in support of greater rights and freedoms for women , while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment -LRB- especially within the growing middle classes -RRB- has not yet -- and might never -- poison the basic trust and warmth between men and women .
Moreover , intellectually , these women remind us that Western feminism did not have to evolve the way it did , and can still change and grow to embrace a more satisfying and humane definition of equality .
The good news for all women , East and West , is that President Karzai , under intense international criticism -- and not just Western criticism -- changed the law less than one week after the march .
We know by now what our problems are as women in the West , and we know the blueprint for solving them . What we lack now is not analysis , but the organizational and political will to do so .
The message : girls could be tough , and boys were allowed not to be .
Women complained of not being heard , of men disappearing after work to tinker in the garage or zone out in front of the TV .
Reading Fisher , one is more inclined to leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment , and to accept that , as she puts it , nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival . `` Collaboration '' implies free will and choice ; even primate males do not succeed by dominating or controlling females .
In her analysis , it serves everyone for men and women to share their sometimes different but often complementary strengths -- a conclusion that seems reassuring , not oppressive .
Gurian argues that men 's brains can actually feel invaded and overwhelmed by too much verbal processing of emotion , so that men 's need to zone out or do something mechanical rather than emote is often not a rejection of their spouses , but a neural need .
So much that enrages women , or leads them to feel rejected or unheard , may not reflect men 's conscious neglect or even sexism , but simply their brains ' wiring !
None of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other 's wishes , ask for shared responsibility with housework , or expect to be `` heard . ''
Once these steps are put in place , it is extremely difficult for a pro-democracy movement to survive -- but not impossible if counter-pressure is applied correctly .
But the roughly 240 detainees remain incarcerated without having been charged with any crime , and will still not get a fair trial , even under Obama 's proposed military commissions .
First , he does not dare appear to be `` soft on terror . ''
Second , perhaps he needs to be able to try the Guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting , or even keep them from trial forever : lawyers claim that torture , including sexual torture , was so endemic in the CIA and the military that Obama could be holding scores , if not hundreds , of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes .
According to Wells Dixon , a lawyer at the Center for Constitutional Rights who represents some of the detainees , the Obama administration can not risk calling the torture practices crimes , so it calls them `` classified sources and methods '' that can not be revealed in court . `` I ca n't even tell you about the way my clients were tortured or I will be prosecuted , '' he says .
In fact , even the explanation of why this material is classified can not be reproduced , because it is privileged .
Because Dixon has a security clearance , he can not discuss those classified `` sources and methods . ''
Al-Hanashi , it turned out , had been elected by the detainees to serve as their representative . -LRB- The Geneva Conventions call for this process but the US did not give it any formal recognition -RRB- .
That lawyer , Elizabeth Gilson , probably knows al-Hanashi 's state of mind before he died , but the US government will not allow her to talk about it .
The women leaders I met in Amman were not saying , `` Please tell the West to save us . ''
I call her `` Martha Stewart meets Che Guevara , '' because , when not renovating the elegant public spaces of her hotel , she is suing Israeli generals for war crimes that she claims were committed against civilians in Gaza .
These women are exactly the kind of leaders that everyone should be cultivating and supporting , rather than overlooking because of a belief that they can not exist in the Middle East .
This does not mean merely permitting comments on an article that is published online ; it means creating more opportunities for citizens to document , record , curate , and edit news from their own communities .
A new form could evolve from this changed power relationship between editors and citizens , potentially becoming as powerful as traditional journalism , if not more so .
First , online news outlets will have to link not just to sources , but to live footage , ideally shot by citizens .
She has carefully studied not only Jackie Kennedy -- a comparison obvious from her sheath dresses , boat collars , and page-boy haircut -- but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical , Princess Diana .
But , again and again , by showing up for Elton John and not just for the ballet , or by taking her sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , she told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other .
So , what Michelle Obama is doing is not trivial .
It was not an earth-shattering policy revelation when she astutely followed reports of Sarah Palin 's $ 150,000 wardrobe by remarking casually on a late-night talk show that she was wearing a chain-store brand , and that `` you can get lots of cute things online . ''
Again , `` secretaries and policy makers , '' not `` policy makers and secretaries , '' are coming over for film night .
She is deliberately , coolly signaling that secretaries are just as good and important as policy makers , if not more so .
President Charles Taylor 's resignation from Liberia 's presidency and his exile in Nigeria is not only a welcome relief for the war-torn land he so misruled , but also perhaps a bellwether for other discredited dictators .
True , no rebel troops are yet besieging Harare , no US warship with 2000 marines hovers on the horizon , and President George W. Bush has not demanded that President Robert Mugabe step down after 23 years in office .
In Zimbabwe , Bush has not said or done anything so drastic .
In an emotional address during a ceremony earlier this month to commemorate heroes of Zimbabwe 's war of liberation from white minority rule , Mugabe warned the opposition : `` Those who would go together with our enemies abroad can not at the same time want to march alongside us as our partners in the nation-building efforts that are underway . ''
President Bush 's new strategic doctrine says that while the US will seek to enlist the support of the international community for its policies , America will not hesitate to act alone if necessary to exercise its right of self defense .
Multilateralism , however , is a matter of degree , and not all multilateral arrangements are good .
Even when survival is not at stake , unilateral tactics sometimes induce others to make compromises that advance multilateral interests .
During the Reagan Administration , trade legislation that threatened unilateral sanctions if others did not negotiate helped create the conditions that prodded other countries to move forward with the creation of the World Trade Organization and its dispute settlements mechanism .
Even then America 's intervention was not unilateral , but taken with the strong support of NATO allies .
However , some transnational issues are inherently multilateral and can not be managed without the help of other countries .
American foreign policy should have a general preference for multilateralism , but not all forms multilateralism .
When Human Rights Watch declared last January that the Iraq War did not qualify as a humanitarian intervention , the international media took notice .
This is not entirely new , but modern communications have led to a dramatic increase in scale , with the number of NGO 's jumping from 6,000 to approximately 26,000 during the 1990 's alone .
NGO 's do not have coercive `` hard '' power , but they often enjoy considerable `` soft '' power - the ability to get the outcomes they want through attraction rather than compulsion .
Royal Dutch Shell , for example , announced in 2003 that it would not drill in any spots designated by UNESCO as World Heritage sites .
For better and for worse , NGO 's and network organizations have resources and do not hesitate to use them .
George H.W. Bush was faulted -LRB- and faulted himself -RRB- for not having what he called `` the vision thing . ''
When pressed by his staff to speak more boldly and expansively , he replied , `` It 's just not me . ''
The vision that Martin Luther King , Jr. , expressed in his `` I Have a Dream '' speech , for example , was deeply rooted not only in America 's professed values of equality and inclusion , but also in African-Americans ' experience of subordination and exclusion .
What plays well with one group may not sit well with another .
To choose goals and articulate them in a vision , they need not only to solicit input from their followers , but also to understand the context of their choices .
Of course , prudence is not enough .
That need not be the case .
Deliberate killing of non-combatants -LRB- in war or not -RRB- is condemned by most major religions , including Islam .
Indeed , many countries are parties to UN conventions that commit them to combating aspects of terrorist behavior , even though the UN has not agreed on a single formal definition .
Bombing is not an option for fighting terrorist cells in Hamburg , Singapore , or Detroit .
Countries cooperate out of self-interest , but a country 's soft or attractive power , not only its military might , affects the degree of cooperation .
Anti-Americanism is not new in Europe , but views of America have generally been more positive in the past .
During the Cold War , the United States not only pursued far-sighted policies like the Marshall Plan , but also represented freedom and democracy .
Admiration for American values does not mean , of course , that others want to imitate all the ways Americans implement them .
America is not perfect , but as long as it abides by its core values , it can overcome its mistakes and regain its soft power in democratic countries .
Part of the answer may be that when students were marching in the streets protesting , they did not sing the `` Internationale '' ; they sang `` We Shall Overcome . ''
It advocates soft power , but focuses only on the substance and not enough on the process .
Democracy can not be imposed in any reasonable time by force alone .
Economic growth has been slow , approximately half of women are illiterate , and the region is not well integrated into the world economy .
In August 2003 , US National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice argued that `` much as a democratic Germany became a linchpin of a new Europe that is today whole , free , and at peace , so a transformed Iraq can become a key element in a very different Middle East in which the ideologies of hate will not flourish . ''
Moreover , cultural differences between the US and Germany were not as great as those between the US and the Middle East .
The most effective advocates for democratic change are not American or European officials , but citizens of the region who understand Western virtues as well as flaws - and can adapt them to indigenous conditions to press for social change .
But focusing on enlargement of the Security Council risks diverting attention from the rest of the Panel 's analyses and 101 recommendations for reform , many of which do not require amending the Charter .
Regarding preventive use of force , traditional interpretations of Article 51 of the UN Charter -LRB- which provides a right of self-defense -RRB- allow a threatened state to take pre-emptive action in the face of imminent attack , but not to use force preventively against longer term threats .
In that sense , President Bush won half his argument : preventive force can be justified , but not unilaterally .
Afghanistan would fit ; Iraq would not .
A year ago , then United States National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice announced that , `` We are engaged primarily in a war of ideas , not of armies . ''
As Iraq has shown , hard military power alone can not provide a solution .
Unfortunately , the US government has not kept up .
In 1963 , Edward R. Murrow , the famous journalist who directed the US Information Agency in the Kennedy Administration , defined public diplomacy as interactions not only with foreign governments , but primarily with non-governmental individuals and organizations , often presenting a variety of private views in addition to government views .
Bush 's prior announcements of increased development assistance and stronger efforts to combat HIV\/AIDS in Africa were not only moral imperatives , but also important investments in American soft power .
Unfortunately , the funds needed to implement these initiatives have not flowed as rapidly as the rhetoric .
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld said he did not know what soft power was .
Such rhetoric is not new to American presidents .
Bush not only chose to visit Brussels , the capital of the European Union , on his February trip to Europe , but stated that what `` we seek to achieve in the world requires that America and Europe remain close partners . ''
But it will not be enough for Bush to start his second term with grand rhetoric about values and increased investment in public diplomacy .
As he looks ahead to the verdict of history , he seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate his reputation , but he remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even his best-laid plans off course .
In recent weeks , China announced a 12.6 % increase in its defense spending ; America 's CIA director , Porter Goss , testified about a worsening military balance in the Taiwan Strait ; and President George W. Bush pleaded with Europeans not to lift their embargo on arms sales to China .
Analysts such as John Mearsheimer of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China can not rise peacefully , and predict that `` the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable potential for war . ''
We will not know for some time , but the debaters should recall Thucydides ' warning more than two millennia ago that belief in the inevitability of conflict can become one of its main causes .
Even so , they would not be equal in composition or sophistication .
China would still have a vast , underdeveloped countryside , and would not equal the US in per capita income until sometime after 2075 -LRB- depending on the measures of comparison . -RRB-
China and others will develop some of these capabilities , but , according to many military analysts , China is not likely to close the gap with the US soon .
China 's inability to compete with the US on a global basis does not mean that it could not challenge the US in East Asia , or that war over Taiwan is impossible .
But , remembering Thucydides ' advice , it will be important not to mistake analysts ' theories for reality , and to continue pointing this out to political leaders and publics .
That many governments outside the US are skeptical about any US-led invasion of Iraq , when not openly opposed to it , is well known .
Terrorism -LRB- most Europeans think -RRB- is a nuisance to be managed , not a challenge requiring total change .
One need not accept all the rhetoric or policies of George W. Bush to recognize that he is correct on a central point . Business as usual will not be enough .
Rhetoric about `` the world 's two largest democracies '' is not new , but it fits with the Bush administration 's new emphasis on promoting democracy .
Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the `` containment '' strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War , but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around .
That vision , however , was not in the cards even before the recent setbacks .
The constitution was designed to make a Europe of 25 members more efficient , not produce a strong federal state .
But even if America has lost some of its attractive `` soft power , '' Europe 's post-industrial publics are not willing to pay the price -- a doubling or tripling of defense spending as a share of GDP -- to invest in the military power that would be required to balance its hard power .
Even so , the picture for Europe is not as bleak as pessimists assume .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU Commission .
At the Cold War 's end , East European countries did not try to form local alliances , as they did in the 1920 's , but looked toward Brussels as the magnet for their futures .
Such a practical , effective EU may not reach the lofty rhetorical aspirations beloved by politicians , but it will not be moribund .
The future of Iraq , not to mention democracy there , remains uncertain at best .
Nevertheless , we can still conclude from the Iraqi experience that while the development of democracy can be aided from outside , it can not easily be imposed by force .
But democracy is not the only instrument for a transformation that addresses the roots of terrorism .
Moreover , democracy alone will not convert the current crop of extremist jihadis to peaceful change .
Despite claims by the extreme left and right around the world , America is not an imperial nation .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely -- or even `` just as long as necessary and not one day more , '' in the clichéd language of Donald Rumsfeld -- is implausible .
Unfortunately , like the Cold War , the current `` war on terror '' is likely to be a matter of decades , not years .
When the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 , hammers and bulldozers , not artillery , brought it down .
Unfortunately , Bush has not learned this lesson .
American films , for example , include sex , violence , and materialism , but that is not the whole story .
The answer is , not as clean as Harvard , but nevertheless , further reaching . ''
Soviet audiences watching films with apolitical themes nonetheless learned that people in the West did not have to stand in long lines to purchase food , did not live in communal apartments , and owned their own cars .
In some fundamentalist circles , and among the terrorists , Western culture evokes repulsion , not attraction .
The Allure of Asia President Bush is in Asia to attend the Asian Pacific Economic Council in China , but he should pay attention to another Asian summit to which he was not invited .
By the end of the century , Japan 's remarkable performance not only made the Japanese wealthy , but also enhanced the country 's soft power .
The decade-long economic slowdown of the 1990 's tarnished Japan 's reputation , but it did not erase Japan 's soft-power resources .
Moreover , the Japanese language is not widely spoken , and Japan 's meager English-language skills make it difficult to attract international talent to its universities .
But gas is expensive to transport , for it depends on costly pipelines or gas liquefaction facilities that can not be replaced quickly when flows are interrupted .
But , charges of corruption aside , this outcome indicates that gas is not such an easy source of hard economic power as it would first appear .
However , in cases where buyers and sellers are not equally dependent upon the relationship , the greater vulnerability of the more dependent party can be used as a source of coercive power by the less dependent party .
That will not be easy .
Small neighbors without options will suffer , but Europe may not .
Military measures may not deal with the largest part of the problem , but they are essential sometimes .
Depriving Al Qaeda of its Afghan safe haven was not sufficient , but it was necessary .
Some failed states are so chaotically organized that they can not be deterred from providing a haven for terrorists .
Yet , while the US spends only about 1 % of its federal budget on foreign affairs , an effective counter-terrorism strategy can not be divorced from all the dimensions of foreign policy .
But even if his program succeeds , it will not do much to increase America 's energy security .
Americans are not alone in worrying about oil as a security problem .
Because accurate statistics about reserves in countries like Saudi Arabia are not available , it is impossible to settle the dispute definitively .
But the majority of experts agree that the world will not run out of oil anytime soon -- even with growing Chinese and Indian demand .
The heart of the problem is not the overall quantity of oil , but its location .
But even if those countries remain stable , America will not be safe .
What matters is the total amount of oil a country imports , not where it comes from .
Even if he cuts imports from the Middle East , America will not enjoy energy security unless it curbs its overall thirst for oil .
The US will not solve its energy security problem until it gets better at fuel economy , possibly by a combination of technology , gasoline taxes , and regulations .
Oil was not the cause of the Iraq War in the simplistic sense that American control of Iraqi oil would make it more secure .
Unfortunately , he is not popular with the Russian people , who blame him for the loss of Soviet power .
After all , he wanted to reform communism , not replace it .
It did not have to collapse so quickly .
The Soviet Union could not keep up .
`` In this war , some of the most critical battles may not be in the mountains of Afghanistan or the streets of Iraq , but in newsrooms in New York , London , Cairo , and elsewhere .
The good news is that Rumsfeld is beginning to realize that the struggle against terrorism can not be won by hard military power alone .
The bad news is that he still does not understand soft power -- the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion .
In other words , in blaming the media for America 's problems , Rumsfeld forgot the first rule of marketing : if you have a poor product , not even the best advertising will sell it .
This does not mean that Rumsfeld 's Pentagon is irrelevant to American soft power .
But today 's terrorist threat is not Samuel Huntington 's clash of civilizations .
We can not win unless the moderates win .
We can not win unless the number of people the extremists recruit is lower than the number we kill and deter .
Rumsfeld may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice .
But statements by Iranian leaders denying the Holocaust and urging the destruction of Israel have not only cost Iran support in Europe , but are unlikely to make Israel willing to gamble its existence on the prospect of stable deterrence .
Moreover , while an air strike might set back Iran 's program by a few years , it would solidify nationalist support for the government and the nuclear program , particularly because one attack would not be enough .
It might not be able to close the Strait of Hormuz , but threats to refineries , storage facilities , and tankers would send oil prices even higher .
At present , a diplomatic solution does not look promising .
As one put it , the world is not flat , but `` spiky . ''
The nation-state is not about to be replaced as the dominant institution of world politics , but it will have to share the stage with more actors , including organizations like Oxfam , celebrities like Bono , and transnational terrorist networks like Al Qaeda .
The global economy did not recover that same level of integration until 1970 , and even then it remained divided by the Iron Curtain .
Politics did not keep pace , and the result was the rise of pathological ideologies -- fascism and communism -- that divided nations and the world .
Taming North Korea The fires of the Middle East must not be allowed to distract the world 's attention from the threat posed by North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , which it demonstrated by its recent test of a long-range missile .
Some in the Bush administration believe that even if economic sanctions would not end the regime , they might cause enough pain to cause Kim to give up its weapons .
Knowing that China will not allow sanctions to cut too deeply , Kim is unlikely to give up his nuclear ace .
For the struggle is not a clash of Islam vs. the West , but a civil war within Islam between a minority of terrorists and a larger mainstream of non-violent believers .
Jihadi extremism can not be defeated unless the mainstream wins .
This year , it was reported to be 20,000 . As Brig. General Robert Caslen , the Pentagon 's deputy director for the war on terrorism , put it , `` We are not killing them faster than they are being created . ''
The US invasion of Iraq , a country that was not connected to the 9\/11 attacks , squandered that good will , and the attractiveness of the US in Muslim countries like Indonesia plummeted from 75 % approval in 2000 to half that level today .
Indeed , occupying a divided nation is messy , and it is bound to produce episodes like Abu Ghraib and Haditha , which undercut America 's attractiveness not just in Iraq , but around the world .
Some believe that China can not rise peacefully , and will seek hegemony in East Asia , leading to conflict with the United States and Japan .
Containment was unfeasible , because , unlike the Soviet Union during the Cold War , China 's neighbors did not see it as a clear and present danger .
It is not likely that China -LRB- or others -RRB- will soon close that gap with the US .
Of course , the fact that China is unlikely to compete with the US on a global basis does not mean that it could not challenge the US in East Asia , or that war over Taiwan is not possible .
Because they train together , NATO countries can operate effectively even when not all members of the organization are officially involved .
For example , NATO did not conduct the Gulf War in 1991 or the initial Afghan campaign , but NATO planning and training meant that members could cooperate effectively when called upon to do so .
If only a small portion of the money and forces invested in Iraq had been devoted to Afghanistan , the current threat of a resurgent Taliban and Al Qaeda might not be so great .
Bush has long claimed that the number of troops in Iraq was a military decision and that he simply followed the advice of his generals , but now this is clearly not the case .
It is not easy for a marine or soldier to construct a school or clinic when he is being fired upon , or for Iraqi moderates to risk their lives by being supportive when they have no protection against insurgents .
Bush administration officials argue that the new plan is `` not an open-ended commitment : we are putting real , specific requirements and expectations on the Iraqi government . ''
But it may be too late for political compromise , and the Maliki government may not be capable of a broad non-sectarian policy .
The US can not leave Iraq precipitously , but neither can it solve the problem on its own .
Iraq is not susceptible to a military solution .
It has not swung back to Stalinism ; Czarism might be a better historical metaphor .
But others are not so sure .
There may not be as much conflict between these two agendas as first appears .
But advocating engagement over isolation should not prevent friendly criticism , and in Davos I offered four reasons why Russia will not remain a major power in 2020 unless it changes its current behavior and policies .
Adult male mortality is much higher than in the rest of Europe , and it has not been improving .
For example , a large , modern tank army is a powerful resource if a war is fought in a desert , but not if it is fought in a swamp -- as America discovered in Vietnam .
But on the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multipolar , and the US can not obtain the outcomes it wants without the cooperation of Europe , Japan , China , and others .
The nature of these problems means that the US does not have the luxury of turning inward no matter what the outcome in Iraq .
These are not problems you can leave overseas . They follow you home .
It must be rooted in the indigenous society and bear its characteristics , not be imposed from abroad .
Despite a long history of alliance dating back to the American Revolution and including two world wars , France has always had a somewhat ambivalent attitude toward the US , and the Iraq War was not the first time that a controversial security policy undercut America 's attractiveness in France .
While such ambivalence will not change , French-American relations are likely to improve no matter which of the three leading candidates prevails in the final round of voting on May 6 , in part owing to Chirac 's exit .
He told a Washington audience that anti-Americanism was an elite indulgence not shared by the French at large .
But one should not read too much into these differences .
Indeed , that is not the way French politics works .
Maintaining regional balances of power and dampening local incentives to use force to change borders provides a public good for many -LRB- but not all -RRB- countries .
Similarly , maintaining open global markets is a necessary -LRB- though not sufficient -RRB- condition for alleviating poverty in poor countries even as it benefits the US .
Today , however , global public goods include new issues -- not only climate change , but also preservation of endangered species , outer space , and the `` virtual commons '' of cyberspace .
First , the US should take the lead in helping to develop and maintain international laws and institutions to organize collective action to deal with not only trade and the environment , but also weapons proliferation , peacekeeping , human rights , and other concerns .
Financial and scientific help from rich countries is important not only for humanitarian reasons , but also to prevent failed states from becoming sources of disorder for the rest of the world .
Even when the US does not want to take the lead , it can share leadership with others , such as with Europe in the Balkans .
Now that same term has come out of the closet : analysts on both the left and right now use it to explain - if not guide - American foreign policy .
For example , British officials controlled Kenya 's schools , taxes , laws and elections - not to mention its external relations .
In 2003 , the US could not even get Mexico and Chile to vote to support a second resolution on Iraq in the UN Security Council .
America was briefly tempted into real imperialism when it emerged as a world power a century ago , but the interlude of formal empire did not last long .
American empire is not constrained by economics : the US devoted a much higher percentage of its GDP to military spending during the Cold War than it does today .
Empire will not help America to understand and cope with the challenges it faces in the global information age of the 21st century .
The new invitees resent not being included as full members able to help plan and shape the meetings , and the original countries ' delegations have expanded to include hundreds of officials each .
They can not afford to attend multiple summits for each transnational issue .
Marcos de Azambuja , former secretary-general of Brazil 's Foreign Ministry , agrees that international life can not be managed solely or primarily by vast assemblies of nearly 200 states with enormous disparities in their political and economic weight .
Prolonged negotiations and gridlock are not acceptable , because today 's most serious problems can not wait for perfect institutional solutions .
People do not live wholly by the word , but neither do they live solely by the sword .
For example , the UN could not prevent the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , but the absence of its imprimatur greatly raised the costs to the American and British governments .
For example , Dag Hammarskjold seized the opportunity of the Suez Crisis created by Britain and France 's invasion of Egypt in 1956 to persuade governments to create peacekeeping forces -- an institution that is not mentioned in the UN original charter .
But , while there are currently more than 100,000 troops from various nations serving in UN peacekeeping missions around the world , member states are not providing adequate resources , training , and equipment .
The fault lies not with the UN , but with the lack of consensus among member states .
In turn , many Chinese fear that the United States will not accept their `` peaceful rise . ''
The US does not challenge China 's sovereignty , but it wants a peaceful settlement that will maintain Taiwan 's democratic institutions .
In principle , the Taiwan issue need not lead to conflict .
While we can not be sure how China will evolve , it makes no sense to foreclose the prospect of a better future .
The US-Japan security alliance means China can not play a `` Japan card . ''
Both sides must take care that an incident concerning Taiwan does not lead in that direction .
He did not mention Europe , but underestimating Europe 's power is a mistake .
It is fragmented , peaceful , and normative in a world of hard power , but part of the world is not about military power .
The picture for Europe , however , is not as bleak as pessimists assume .
The US can not reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU .
At the Cold War 's end , East European countries did not try to form local alliances , as they did in the 1920 's , but looked toward Brussels to secure their future .
Unlike India , China has not solved the problem of political participation .
The struggle against extreme Islamist terrorism is not a `` clash of civilizations , '' but a civil war within Islam .
American military might is not adequate to deal with threats such as global pandemics , climate change , terrorism , and international crime .
Military success against terrorists and insurgents requires soldiers to win hearts and minds , not just break bodies .
Rickover was a small man , far from the top of his class at the US Naval Academy , who did not look like a warrior or swashbuckling sea captain .
Able people wanted to join him because Rickover was renowned for implementing an important strategic vision , not because he was a nice boss .
The great leadership theorist James McGregor Burns once argued that those who rely on coercion are not leaders , but mere wielders of power .
Thus , in his view , Hitler was not a leader .
He may have been correct , but we sometimes forget that the opposite of love is not fear , but hatred .
Soft power is not good per se , and it is not always better than hard power .
Hard power has not become irrelevant , but leaders must develop the contextual intelligence that allows them to combine hard and soft power resources into a `` smart power '' strategy .
As one expert puts it , a guiding coalition with good managers but poor leaders will not succeed .
But stage directions are not enough .
If top leaders do not monitor their systems to ensure that they are producing full and accurate information flows , the systems are likely to become distorted by the most powerful subordinates .
The organizational skills required for leaders as managers should not be confused with the efficiency or tidiness of a well-run organization .
Hillary Clinton has experience living close to decision-making in the White House , but not as the decision-maker .
Barack Obama has experience living overseas and working as a community organizer in Chicago , but not in the executive branch .
Some of this relates to North Korea 's nuclear weapons and a concern that the US will not adequately represent Japan 's interests -LRB- such as accounting for Japanese citizens abducted by North Korea years ago . -RRB-
Such anxiety is not surprising : US and Japanese defense capabilities are not symmetrical , and that is bound to agitate the more dependent party .
Even if Japan implemented them , they would still not equal the capacity of the US or eliminate the asymmetry .
In addition , both Japan and the US face a common challenge from China 's rise and have a strong interest in ensuring that it does not become a threat .
But the triangle is not equilateral , because the US is allied with Japan , and China need not become a threat to either country if they maintain that alliance .
On the other hand , China 's power should not be exaggerated .
China argues , correctly , that it is still behind the US and Japan in per capita emissions , but this does not reduce the costs imposed on the world -LRB- including Japan and the US -RRB- .
The nuclear cooperation agreement was criticized in the US Congress for not being strict enough on non-proliferation issues , but it looked likely to pass .
As Evan Feigenbaum , the top State Department official for South Asia recently said , `` the world of 2008 is not the world of 1948 .
It is not a manly modern Achilles who makes the best warrior leader in today 's communication age .
The traits-centered approach has not vanished from studies of leadership , but it has been broadened and made more flexible .
Genetics and biology matter in human leadership , but they do not determine it in the way that the traditional heroic warrior approach to leadership suggests .
But such social structures are not well adapted for coping with today 's complex information-based world .
India promised that it would not export its weapons technology .
As events in Pakistan illustrate , the spread of nuclear technology does not extend the stability that comes with mutual deterrence .
If Iran did this , it would not only add to the dangers in an unstable region , but would likely begin a process of unravelling the non-proliferation regime worldwide .
The answer lies both in the fact that it promised not to do so when it signed the NPT and in the consequences that it would impose on others .
Countries that wish to develop nuclear energy but not nuclear bombs should be given international guarantees of fuel supply and disposal of spent fuel .
It is not too late to learn the lessons of the misadventures of A. Q. Khan .
And , because CO2 emissions are what economists call a `` negative externality '' -- emitters do not bear the full cost of the damage that they cause -- there is little incentive to reduce them .
Such direct and indirect effects from human activity , while not malevolent in intention like terrorism , argue for a broadening of our concept of security and the adoption of new policies .
China , India , and other countries argue that economic development in rich countries caused most of the existing problem , and it is only fair that developing countries should not have to reduce their emissions until they reach the rich countries ' levels of emissions .
Obama is not only the first African-American nominee of a major party , but also one of the youngest candidates ever .
But Americans do not like outside interference in their elections .
When Obama attracted a crowd of 200,000 to a speech in Berlin last summer , Republicans criticized him as an elitist who appeals to crowds overseas but not to blue-collar workers at home .
Some people worry that Obama might be good for American soft power , but not for its hard power .
Machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a prince to be feared than to be loved . Machiavelli may be correct , but we sometimes forget that the opposite of love is not fear , but hatred .
Both McCain and Obama possess impressive hard-power political and organizational skills ; otherwise , they would not be where they are today .
They 're not sure where else to go .
The poor performance of Wall Street and America regulators has cost America a good deal in terms of the soft power of its economic model 's attractiveness , but the blow need not be fatal if , in contrast to Japan in the 1990 's , the US manages to absorb the losses and limit the damage .
This is not so much a question of American decline as `` the rise of the rest . ''
Global climate change , too , will affect the quality of life , but the US can not manage the problem alone .
The problem of American power in the wake of the financial crisis is not one of decline , but of a realization that even the most powerful country can not achieve its aims without the help of others .
Obama campaigned on a promise to withdraw American combat brigades -LRB- but not troops engaged in training and counterterrorism -RRB- from Iraq by mid-2010 .
We can not simply shoot our way out of the problem .
The paradox of American power is that the strongest country since the days of Rome can not achieve its objectives acting alone .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
That job will not be easy , because much of the relevant infrastructure is not under direct government control .
Kerr described what he called `` supply chain attacks '' in which hackers not only steal proprietary information , but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software -- Trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems .
While an international legal code that defines cyber attacks more clearly , together with cooperation on preventive measures , can help , such arms-control solutions are not likely to be sufficient .
Voting does not always solve problems of self-determination .
But this still does not address the question of when one votes .
They argued that the oil belonged to all of Nigeria 's people , not just the eastern area .
If this was not caused by simple aggression on the part of Serbia , then the only grounds for intervention would be to prevent a massacre .
Where such loosening of the bonds is still not enough , it may be possible in some cases to arrange an amicable divorce , as happened when Czechoslovakia peacefully divided into two sovereign countries in 1993 .
We judge leaders not only by the effectiveness of their actions , but also by the meanings that they create and teach .
When Obama was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by his former pastor , he did not simply distance himself from the problem , but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black Americans .
The US may be the only superpower , but preponderance is not empire .
America can influence but not control other parts of the world .
America can not get the outcomes it wants in trade , antitrust , or other areas without the cooperation of the European Union , China , Japan , and others .
But the friction of normal life usually creates ambiguities that can not be fully met in advance .
According to Sam Palmisano , the CEO of IBM , hierarchical , command-and-control approaches simply do not work anymore .
Ironically , however , such a grim prospect would not mean the end of globalization , defined as the increase in worldwide networks of interdependence .
Globalization has several dimensions , and , though economists all too often portray it and the world economy as being one and the same , other forms of globalization also have significant effects -- not all of them benign -- on our daily lives .
Thousands of scientists from more than 100 countries recently reported that there is new and strong evidence that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities , and average global temperatures in the twenty-first century are projected to increase between 2.5 and 10 degrees Fahrenheit . The result could be more severe variations in climate , with too much water in some regions and not enough in others .
But , while global economic integration did not regain its 1914 level until half a century later , military globalization grew as economic globalization shrank .
This was distinctive not because it was totally new , but because the scale and speed of the potential conflict arising from military interdependence were so enormous .
But protectionism will not curb the other forms of globalization .
So , unless governments cooperate to stimulate their economies and resist protectionism , the world may find that the current economic crisis does not mean the end of globalization , but only the end of the good kind , leaving us with the worst of all worlds .
Many of the real challenges to American power are coming not on the upper military board , on which the unilateralists concentrate , but on the lower transnational board .
It will not dethrone English as a lingua franca , but at some point , the Asian market will loom larger than the American market .
The world has moved from the Cold War to the Global Information Age , but the dominant foreign policy paradigms have not kept pace .
Today 's growing global networks of interdependence are putting new items on national and international agendas ; Americans simply can not solve many of these by themselves .
He was not alone in this rhetoric .
The growth of democracy is not an American imposition , and it can take many forms .
Democracy is not in retreat .
Avoiding coercion , premature elections , and hypocritical rhetoric should not preclude a patient policy that relies on economic assistance , behind-the-scenes diplomacy , and multilateral approaches to aid the development of civil society , the rule of law , and well-managed elections .
But the problem of how to deal with terrorism is not just a matter of history .
It invokes its effects not by sheer destruction , but by dramatizing atrocious acts against civilians .
This is particularly true in Great Britain , where a number of members of Parliament have used their housing allowances to enhance their income , sometimes legally and sometimes not .
Citizens who express concern about leadership need to learn not only how to judge it , but how to practice it themselves .
The ability to mobilize a group effectively is certainly an art rather than a predictive science , and varies with situations , but that does not mean that it can not be profitably studied and learned .
And artists can benefit not merely from studio courses , but also from art appreciation lessons that introduce them to the full repertoires and pallets of past masters .
As Mark Twain once observed , a cat that sits on a hot stove will not sit on a hot stove again , but it wo n't sit on a cold one , either .
But now , with the Japanese experiencing a period of domestic political uncertainty , and North Korea 's nuclear tests and missile launches increasing their anxiety , will Japan reverse its long-standing decision not to seek a national nuclear-deterrent capability ?
Equally important are American actions that show the high priority that the US gives to the alliance , and its guarantees not to engage in what Japan fears will be `` Japan-passing '' in its relations with Asia .
I responded then -LRB- and today -RRB- that there is little prospect of such a reversal , for two reasons . First , China poses a potential threat , whereas Japan does not .
Second , the US shares democratic values with Japan , and China is not a democracy .
Unlike India , China has not solved the problem of political participation .
Chief among these challenges is the threat posed by global warming , with China having surpassed the US as the leading producer of carbon-dioxide emissions -LRB- though not in per capita terms -RRB- .
Woodrow Wilson was not a gifted student as a child , but he taught himself oratory because he regarded it as essential for leadership .
Oratory and inspirational rhetoric , however , are not the only forms of communication with which leaders frame issues and create meaning for their followers .
Some inspirational leaders are not great orators -- witness Mahatma Gandhi . But the symbolism of Gandhi 's simple dress and lifestyle spoke louder than words .
The march was designed for communication , not the ostensible reason of resisting the colonial government 's prohibition on the fabrication of salt .
A good narrative is a great source of soft power , and the first rule that fiction writers learn about good narrative is to `` show , not tell . ''
This was not always so .
Sometimes , Koreans compare their country of 50 million to a neighbor like China or a superpower like the US and believe that they can not compete with such giants .
That may be true in the domain of hard military power , but it is not true of soft-power resources .
Similarly , Canada and the Netherlands have enhanced their soft power not only by their policies in the UN , but also by overseas development assistance .
According to the survey , `` The low standings are not surprising , given habitually violent clashes between governing and opposition parties over sensitive bills and unending bribery scandals involving politicians . ''
In short , South Korea has the resources to produce soft power , and its soft power is not prisoner to the geographical limitations that have constrained its hard power throughout its history .
But , as Barack Obama said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` we must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
There will be times when nations -- acting individually or in concert -- will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified . ''
But in the twenty-first century , most `` wars '' occur within , rather than between states , and many combatants do not wear uniforms .
Of course , civil war and irregular combatants are not new , as even the traditional law of war recognizes .
War and force may be down , but they are not out .
But the fact that military power is not always sufficient in particular situations does not mean that it has lost the ability to structure expectations and shape political calculations .
Military power will not have the utility for states that it had in the nineteenth century , but it will remain a crucial component of power in world politics .
But even the best advertising can not sell an unpopular product .
A communications strategy can not work if it cuts against the grain of policy .
Great powers try to use culture and narrative to create soft power that promotes their advantage , but they do not always understand how to do it . Critics in the United States complain that the over-militarization of foreign policy undercuts its credibility .
The sender knows what she says , but not always what the targets hear .
For example , the current struggle against transnational terrorism is a struggle over winning hearts and minds , and over-reliance on hard power alone is not the path to success .
If it degenerates into propaganda , public diplomacy not only fails to convince , but can undercut soft power .
But power , defined as the ability to influence others , comes in many guises , and soft power is not weakness .
When you persuade others to want what you want , you do not have to spend as much on sticks and carrots to move them in your direction .
Rome did not succumb to the rise of another empire , but to the onslaught of waves of barbarians .
The US can not alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader . Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries .
But it did not remove America 's vulnerability to terrorism .
The war on terrorism is not a clash of civilizations - Islam versus the West - but a civil war within Islamic civilization between extremists who use violence to enforce their vision and a moderate majority who want things like jobs , education , health care , and dignity as they pursue their faith .
America will not win unless the moderates win .
Things were not supposed to turn out this way .
A second issue was China 's decision not to cooperate at the United Nations conference on global climate change in Copenhagen last December .
First , the US is not in decline .
But when one looks at the underlying strength of the American economy , it is not surprising that the World Economic Forum ranks the US second -LRB- just behind Switzerland -RRB- among the most competitive , while China ranks some 30 places below .
Second , the fact that China holds so many dollars is not a true source of power , because the interdependence in the economic relationship is symmetrical .
China would not only lose the value of its dollar reserves , but would suffer major unemployment .
When interdependence is balanced , it does not constitute a source of power .
Third , despite Chinese complaints , the dollar is likely to remain the major global reserve currency , owing to the depth and breadth of America 's capital markets , which China can not match without making the yuan fully convertible and reforming its banking system .
After all , it was once widely asserted that an African-American without a political machine could not become president .
The US was founded in part on mistrust of government , and a long tradition traceable to Thomas Jefferson holds that Americans should not worry too much about low levels of confidence in government .
When asked not about day-to-day governance but about the underlying constitutional framework , the public is positive .
This does not imply that expressions of declining confidence in government are not problematic .
So far , such behavioral results do not seem to have materialized .
Citizens ' behavior does not seem to have changed as dramatically as have their responses to poll questions .
As an editorial in The Economist recently concluded , `` America 's political system was designed to make legislation at the federal level difficult , not easy .
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally ... So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed , '' such as the gerrymandered safe seats in the House of Representatives and the blocking procedures of Senate rules and filibusters .
Obama 's health-care victory , like his 2008 election , suggests that America 's political system is not as broken as critics who draw analogies to the fall of Rome or other empires would have us believe .
Since then it has been left behind not only by the world-beating growth of Chinese science but also by India and Brazil . ''
When the BRIC acronym was first invented , The Economist objected that `` a country with a growth rate as skimpy as its swimsuits , prey to any financial crisis that was around , a place of chronic political instability , whose infinite capacity to squander its obvious potential was as legendary as its talent for football and carnivals , did not seem to belong with those emerging titans . ''
Thus , BRIC is not likely to become a serious political organization of like-minded states .
Last month , German Chancellor Angela Merkel declared that , if the euro fails , `` then not only the currency fails ... Europe will fail , and with it the idea of European unity . ''
Europe does face severe demographic problems , but size of population is not highly correlated with power , and predictions of Europe 's downfall have a long history of failing to materialize .
Its lack of vision , divisions , obsession with legal frameworks , unwillingness to project military power , and sclerotic economy are contrasted with a United States more dominant even than Rome ... But the problem is not Europe -- it is our outdated understanding of power . ''
But all this potential strength may be to no avail if Europeans do not solve the immediate problems stemming from financial markets ' loss of confidence in the euro .
China would not only reduce the value of its reserves as the dollar 's value fell , but it would also jeopardize America 's continued willingness to import cheap Chinese goods , which would mean job losses and instability in China .
Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries , not just at one side of the equation .
Nevertheless , this balance does not guarantee stability .
China 's increased financial power may have increased its ability to resist American entreaties , but despite dire predictions , its creditor role has not been sufficient to compel the US to change its policies .
This is not acceptable .
This can not last . ''
Such changes do not occur quickly .
One senior Asian statesman , an acute long-time observer of both the US and China , concludes that China will not surpass the US as the leading power of the twenty-first century because of America 's ability to attract the best and brightest from the rest of the world and meld them into a diverse culture of creativity .
As one experienced diplomat put it , `` if you 're trying to negotiate an exchange-rate deal with 20 countries or a bailout of Mexico , as in the early Clinton days , with 20 countries , that 's not easy .
As Anne-Marie Slaughter , Director of Policy Planning in the US State Department , argues , `` the power that flows from this type of connectivity is not the power to impose outcomes .
Networks are not directed and controlled as much as they are managed and orchestrated .
Devastated by the war , it did not regain that level until 1964 .
This was not the first time that Japan had impressively reinvented itself .
Given economic stagnation , the political system 's weaknesses , the aging of the population , and resistance to immigration , fundamental change will not be easy .
If the Chinese do not pump aid into his crumbling economy , he argues , they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest . ''
China does not want a nuclear or belligerent North Korea , but it is even more concerned about a failed state collapsing on its border .
As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars , it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images can not escape Europe .
The Obama administration has wobbled in this balancing act , but thus far it has not fallen off .
So , as the Obama administration struggles to implement its smart-power strategy in the current revolutionary conditions of the Middle East , it is worth noting that the US is not alone in confronting the difficulties of combining hard and soft power successfully .
By 1900 , it represented only 20 % of world output -- not because something bad happened in Asia , but rather because the Industrial Revolution had transformed Europe and North America into the world 's workshop .
But , even if overall Chinese GDP reaches parity with that of the US in the 2020 's , the two economies will not be equal in composition .
Assuming 6 % Chinese GDP growth and only 2 % US growth after 2030 , China would not equal the US in terms of per capita income -- a better measure of an economy 's sophistication -- until sometime near the second half of the century .
Unlike India , which was born with a democratic constitution , China has not yet found a way to channel the demands for political participation -LRB- if not democracy -RRB- that tend to accompany rising per capita income .
Even if this were an accurate assessment of China 's intentions -LRB- and even Chinese can not know the views of future generations -RRB- , it is doubtful that China will have the military capability to make this possible .
This will certainly bring the Chinese closer to the US in terms of power resources , but China will not necessarily surpass the US as the most powerful country .
My own estimate is that among the range of possible futures , the more likely scenarios are those in which China gives the US a run for its money , but does not surpass it in overall power in the first half of this century .
In reality , China and the US do not have deeply rooted conflicting interests .
For one thing , possession of power resources does not always imply that one can get the outcomes one prefers .
Even the recent death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of United States special forces does not indicate anything about American power one way or the other .
Conversely , the Western Roman Empire did not succumb to another state , but instead to internal decay and swarms of barbarians .
Ferguson believes that a doubling of public debt in the coming decade can not erode US strength on its own , but that it could weaken a long-assumed faith in America 's ability to weather any crisis .
But , while Britain and Germany were each other 's most significant trading partners in 1914 , that did not prevent a conflagration that set back global economic integration for a half-century .
Many crucial issues , such as financial stability or climate change , simply are not amenable to military force .
In February 2010 , a group of senior Chinese military officers , angered over US arms sales to Taiwan , called for China 's government to sell off US government bonds in retaliation . Their suggestion was not heeded .
As US President Barack Obama said when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 , `` We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes .
There will be times when nations -- acting individually or in concert -- will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified . ''
But the fact that military power is not always sufficient to decide particular situations does not mean that it has lost all utility . While there are more situations and contexts in which military force is difficult to use , it remains a vital source of power .
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks , which in turn depend not only upon norms , institutions , and relationships , but also upon the management of coercive power .
In the twenty-first century , military power will not have the same utility for states that it had in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , but it will remain a crucial component of power in world politics .
Some Americans argue that China 's rise can not be peaceful , and that the US , therefore , should now adopt a policy of containing the People 's Republic .
Today , by contrast , the US not only has massive trade with China , but also extensive social contact , including 125,000 Chinese students attending American universities .
If we treated China as an enemy , we were guaranteeing an enemy in the future . If we treated China as a friend , we could not guarantee friendship , but we could at least keep open the possibility of more benign outcomes .
Such fears appear exaggerated , particularly when one considers that Asia is not one entity . It has its own internal balance of power .
Japan , India , Vietnam , and other countries do not want to be dominated by China , and thus welcome a US presence in the region .
One can not devise and implement solutions to global financial stability , climate change , cyber terrorism , or pandemics without such cooperation .
This important dimension of a `` smart power '' strategy for the twenty-first century is not captured by the concept of containment .
When Kissinger landed in Beijing four decades ago , he ushered in not only a Cold War transformation , but also a new era of US-Chinese engagement .
He was not alone in this rhetoric .
Democracy is not an American imposition , and it can take many forms .
Avoiding coercion , premature elections , and hypocritical rhetoric does not rule out a patient policy of economic assistance , quiet diplomacy , and multilateral efforts to support the development of civil society , the rule of law , and support for well-managed elections .
But the problem of how to deal with terrorism is not just a question of the past .
It works not by sheer destruction , but rather by dramatizing atrocious acts against civilians .
New agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security , the Director of National Intelligence , and an upgraded Counter Terrorism Center have not transformed American government , and , for most Americans , personal freedoms have been little affected .
But this apparent return to normality should not mislead us about the longer-term importance of 9\/11 .
Russia controlled great force , but it could not acquire power over the US from its arsenal .
Some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actors could hurt large states , but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans .
But asymmetries of information and attention do not confer a permanent advantage on the wielders of informal violence .
The smaller actor can not compete with the larger in terms of military might , but it can use violence to set the world agenda and construct narratives that affect its targets ' soft power .
He was not able to do as much damage to the US as he hoped , but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade , and the ineptness of the initial American reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the US than were necessary .
Moreover , many Muslims misread the term as an attack on Islam , which was not America 's intent , but fit Bin Laden 's efforts to tarnish perceptions of the US in key Muslim countries .
But , at least for America , perhaps the most important lesson of 9\/11 is that US foreign policy should follow the counsel of President Dwight Eisenhower a half-century ago : Do not get involved in land wars of occupation , and focus on maintaining the strength of the American economy .
And it 's not just pundits who think so .
Such sentiments reflect the slow growth and fiscal problems that followed the 2008 financial crisis , but they are not historically unprecedented .
But , with America 's debt on a path to equaling its national income in a decade , and a fumbling political system that can not seem to address the country 's fundamental challenges , are the `` declinists '' finally right ?
But , measured by per capita income , China will not equal the US for decades , if then .
As Singapore 's Lee Kuan Yew once told me , China can draw on a talent pool of 1.3 billion people , but the US can draw on the world 's seven billion , and can recombine them in a diverse culture that enhances creativity in a way that ethnic Han nationalism can not .
It is important to distinguish such problems from those that can not , in principle , be solved .
Still , Lee Kuan Yew is probably right to say that China `` will give the US a run for its money , '' but not surpass it in overall power in the first half of this century .
And , in relative terms , while the `` rise of the rest '' means that America will be less dominant than it once was , this does not mean that China will necessarily replace the US as the world 's leading power .
Tadic 's real problem , however , lies not with his enemies but with his friends .
Although this concession is not yet a done deal , there is increasing acknowledgment that it would give Dublin considerable breathing space to conduct a more effective second referendum campaign .
But the problem for Cowen -LRB- and for the EU -RRB- is that this level of support does not seem to translate to the ballot box : the Irish rejected EU treaties on two of the last three occasions when they were asked to vote .
Reminding voters of the potentially catastrophic cost of being excluded , not just from core parts of the Single Market , but from the vital decision-making structures in the Council of Ministers and the European Central Bank , reinforces what is at stake in a second referendum campaign .
The extraordinary implosion of global financial markets may also work to the advantage of the Yes side in a second referendum , because Ireland 's economic future can not be contemplated seriously outside of EU structures .
Indeed Irish ministers argue that Ireland would have gone the way of Iceland in recent months were it not for EU membership and the protections afforded by euro-zone membership .
For the EU , the stakes could not be higher .
When voters are reminded of the potentially catastrophic cost of being excluded , not just from the Single Market area , but from the decision-making structures in the Council of Ministers and the European Central Bank , what is at stake in the referendum becomes clear .
Without the ECJ 's doctrines of `` direct effect '' and `` primacy , '' and without national courts that are willing to enforce these doctrines in their own jurisdictions , the EU most likely would not have attained the level of integration that it has .
For the same reason , the competence to decide upon the further allocation of competences had to remain a prerogative of the German state and could not be transferred to the EU .
The debate on sovereignty in Germany and other EU member states has been re-ignited not just by the debt crisis , but also by a string of controversial rulings by the ECJ , most notably the Court 's interpretation of the freedoms of establishment and service delivery articulated in its Viking , Laval , and Ruffert decisions .
Indeed , the threat to the EU legal order does not lie solely with the German Constitutional Court .
The Irish government has stated emphatically that any amendments to the Lisbon Treaty connected to eurozone reforms will not require a referendum .
Its reasoning seems to be that the proposed changes fall far short of what the Supreme Court 's case law demands , and that the ESM does not alter the EU 's essential scope or objectives .
So , the G-20 's endorsement of the Fund 's guidelines would not be wise for a world economy trying to recover from one financial crisis while preventing the next one .
Among other findings and recommendations , our task force pointed out that in the cases where the IMF found capital-account regulations to be effective , such measures were part of a broader macroeconomic toolkit , and were deployed early on , alongside other measures , not as a `` last resort . ''
The UN report observes that national economic policies and existing multilateral settings are not designed to mitigate effectively the risk of a global slowdown or to address global imbalances .
This is not just a matter of revaluing the Chinese currency , as argued by some US policymakers , but requires gradual adjustment of most major currencies against the dollar in conjunction with concerted fiscal and monetary policy adjustments in the rest of the world .
Existing platforms , such as the G-8 summits , are unsuitable to achieve this course of action , mainly because key players from the developing world are not included .
Of course , similar calls were made after the Asian and Russian crises of 1997-1998 , but were not taken seriously by the rich industrial countries .
Global institutions , not ad hoc groups of countries , must be at the center of the reform effort .
Most agree that the International Monetary Fund should not be at the center of the regulatory system .
The second issue is the need to place the IMF , not the G-7 -- or any other `` G '' -- at the center of global macroeconomic policy coordination .
The essential idea is quite simple : in the long run , an international monetary system can not be built on a national currency -- a point made a half-century ago by the Belgian-American economist Robert Triffin .
First , as with all systems that preceded it , it puts the burden of adjustment on deficit countries , not on surplus countries .
It must be emphasized that a system based on competing reserve currencies would not solve the instability and inequities of the current system .
It would also be a much better mechanism with which to finance the IMF during crises than the credit lines to the IMF from a few countries -LRB- `` arrangements to borrow '' -RRB- that the G-20 is again advocating , as it is truly multilateral financing that does not depend on any individual country .
But this restructuring will tend to reduce , not increase , import demand , as exports and investment are much more import-intensive than consumption .
This does not mean , of course , that China should take no action to correct the undervaluation of its currency , though some recognition should be given to the way in which it is already contributing to solving this problem by allowing domestic wages to rise .
The G-20 , however , has largely focused on re-regulating domestic finance , whereas cross-border finance has been left entirely off its agenda , as if it required no regulation -- and indeed as if it were not part of global finance .
This is particularly true with respect to lending in foreign currencies to economic agents that do not have revenues in those currencies .
After all , even if the system did not directly cause the recent imbalances and instability in the global economy , it proved ineffective in addressing them .
One advantage of this modest proposal is that it would not prejudice the outcomes of the working group on broader reforms , like new distribution formulas for SDRs .
The issuance of additional SDRs , while contributing to global stability today , would not alter in any fundamental way existing monetary arrangements .
But it left cross-border capital flows entirely off the agenda , as if they were not a part of finance .
We know from experience that there are many regulations that make sense , not just those now sanctioned by the IMF .
Prohibition of certain transactions for prudential reasons also makes sense , particularly for borrowing in foreign currencies by economic agents that do not have revenues in those currencies .
The guidelines correctly emphasize that these regulations should complement , not replace , counter-cyclical macroeconomic policies .
Finally , any regulation in this area should recognize that capital-account convertibility is not obligatory for the IMF 's `` clients . ''
The failure of that effort is implicitly recognized in the guidelines , which indicate that they do not imply any new obligations under IMF surveillance .
For numerous reasons , not every country can afford to build smelting facilities that operate at the level claimed by Umicore .
In a way , this is already happening through cottage industries in countries such as China , Ghana , India , and Nigeria , which employ ill-equipped artisans who are not sufficiently trained to avoid harmful procedures that contaminate the environment and sicken themselves and their neighbors .
Whether deliberately or not , China is reorganizing itself to balance central authority and common purpose with decentralized freedom , in the same way that nimble companies balance home-office and divisional control .
Most officials are appointed , not elected , but their posts are not sinecures .
In October 2001 , a half-dozen bureaucrats were expelled from one of China 's major cities for not meeting their economic growth and security targets .
Local officials are often considered heroes , not oppressors .
But they dare not overrun the open , commercial ethic of China 's region-states -- the source of their country 's prosperity .
So debates about China should not be cast as a simple matter of right or wrong , but of when and how .
Recently , China 's head of state , Jiang Zemin , said that the Communist Party `` represents '' every good aspect of China , including wealthy capitalists , not just the poor , the exploited , and the proletariat .
We should not be surprised if soon -- perhaps at the Party 's 2002 General Assembly -- China 's leaders formally call for a new doctrine to match its new model .
I wasted no time in asking the Israeli authorities for permission to travel to Europe . But I was told that only patients in need of emergency medical evacuation would be allowed out -- not students .
Many subjects are not even taught , and there are few post-graduate programs .
Instructors from abroad can not enter Gaza .
Without the ability to go overseas , we can not learn .
In June , after the United States pressured Israel to allow Fulbright scholarship winners to leave the Gaza Strip , the Israeli military announced that it would grant exit permits for a few more students with `` recognized '' scholarships -- but not `` hundreds . ''
I am sure to be one of the many who will not be allowed to leave .
Israel 's blockade amounts to collective punishment . It is hurting all of us , whether we support Hamas or not .
I ask myself why they have the opportunity to travel , to study , to take vacations , when I can not go abroad even to learn medicine .
We are students , not soldiers .
We are not fighters in this conflict .
The PDP , which had been in power since 1999 and had failed to tackle the country 's pressing economic and political problems , was not a favorite at the polls .
But its losses were not significant enough to enable any of the four main opposition parties -- the Action Congress of Nigeria -LRB- ACN -RRB- , the Congress for Progressive Change -LRB- CPC -RRB- , the All Progressives Grand Alliance -LRB- APGA -RRB- , or the All Nigeria People 's Party -LRB- ANPP -RRB- -- to take its place .
Jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest , beating Muhammadu Buhari of the CPC , who enjoyed broad support in the north ; he also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states .
The sect holds the northern political and religious elite in contempt , and does not recognize the authority of the Sultan of Sokoto , leader of Nigerian Muslims .
Given all of this , it is perhaps not surprising that impoverished and restive northern youth are joining Boko Haram in droves .
Nigeria , a fragile coalition of ethnic groups , may not be sliding into a second civil war -LRB- yet -RRB- , but inter-ethnic relations could worsen if the Boko Haram menace is not quickly tackled .
So far , bleak predictions that the campaign would split Nigerians along Islamic\/Christian lines , triggering sectarian violence before the voting , have not come to pass .
While taking care not to anger northern voters by openly distancing himself from Shari'ah , Buhari pledges to uphold the nation 's secular constitution .
This is not to say that parochial sentiments are unimportant .
The Alliance for Democracy , the dominant Yoruba party , is not fielding a candidate because it does not want to divide the Yoruba vote and deny victory to Obasanjo , their kinsman .
The presence of federal troops did not stop the warring factions from disrupting oil production , forcing Chevron\/Texaco and Shell -- which account for more than half of Nigeria 's daily oil production -- to suspend operations .
Rattled , leading politicians from all the parties met in Abuja , the capital , and promised to eschew violence and intimidation during the elections -- an encouraging sign that the political class is keen not to repeat the coup-inciting mistakes of the past . Of course , the army is in no hurry to seize power .
But four years of democratic rule have not brought Nigerians much relief , with the majority still living below the poverty line .
Shell claimed it did not want to jeopardize these negotiations by making public the true state of its Nigerian reserves .
On average , world oil prices have not fallen below the stipulated $ 12.50 baseline since 1986 .
The NNPC 's executives admit that proper monitoring of the company 's operating costs consistently eludes them and that what keeps Shell and the other western oil companies in business is not the theoretical margin , but the returns they build into their costs .
Political thugs linked to the president resorted to strong-arm tactics in an attempt to remove one of the governors , angry that he had not given them lucrative public contracts .
It is not likely that northern elites will stand by idly as a fresh attempt is made to take away what they consider a glittering prize .
But a hardening of the mood there , and a brokered armistice between its disenchanted youth and older but vastly more experienced political war horses , will not only present PRONACO with a formidable opponent , but could throw West Africa into turmoil if matters degenerate into a frontal clash .
Obasanjo 's Troubling End-Game In Nigeria today , the key question nowadays is not whether President Olusegun Obasanjo will quit after his second -LRB- and final -RRB- term expires next year , but who will succeed him .
Given Nigeria 's history of sit-tight military dictatorships , that is real progress . Unfortunately , it is not necessarily the president 's doing .
These deals were brokered at the height of the constitutional drama , when America said it would not support an attempt by the government to extend its stay in office unconstitutionally .
Obasanjo has made it clear that Atiku Abubakar , the Vice President and the arrowhead of the anti-third term coalition , will not succeed him .
But this has not stopped Abubakar , a formidable political operator , from launching his presidential bid , despite uncertainty over whether he will fight it out with his boss for control of the PDP machinery or decamp to another political party .
Although American officials had said that the United States would not support Obasanjo if the election were flawed , it was an open secret long before polling began that the PDP would manipulate the outcome to remain in power .
So the military , which had terminated the First Republic in January 1966 with a bloody coup , returned to power in December 1983 and did not quit until 1999 , when pro-democracy forces , galvanized by economic decline and reports of military graft , forced the democratic elections that brought back Obasanjo to power .
Obasanjo 's eight years in office did not resolve Nigeria 's economic and political problems -- key among them a new political framework to fit the country 's social diversity .
Some prominent Nigerians have also suggested that if the electoral crisis is not resolved before Obasanjo steps down on May 29 , the chief justice should take over as interim president and organize new elections .
But impeachment proceedings are not likely to be concluded before Obasanjo quits on May 29 .
The Supreme Court has a new chief justice whose ruling in the Abubakar case demonstrated that he could be counted on to intervene on the side of fair play , but it is not clear what constitutional instrument could be used to resolve the election crisis before the hand-over date .
Nigeria 's Resurgent Oil Diplomacy Russia is not alone in seeing oil as a means to transform its global standing .
But , in confidential briefings , Nigeria has strongly hinted that it will not tolerate any foreign incursions on a vital and strategic resource in its own backyard .
It is not yet clear whether Yar ` Adua 's government can meet these challenges .
It is not yet clear whether Goodluck Jonathan will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency .
Elections had become a hollow ritual , matters of public policy were not important campaign issues , and the opposition was divided , poorly funded , and unable to devise a strategy to cut the PDP juggernaut to size .
Opposition parties found their feet , and the PDP 's power monopoly was finally broken -- but not obliterated .
Whatever happens , Uzbekistan will continue to distance itself from Russia militarily , something which will not please Russian President Vladimir Putin , but the degree of his displeasure will be shaped by the nature of the evolving relationship between Russia and NATO .
While the strategic interests of Russia and China across Central Asia need not be affected in a negative way by the US foray into the region , Uzbekistan 's neighbors will certainly feel that their future security and the regional balance of power might well be compromised by the almost inevitable increase in Uzbek military capacity , a predictable byproduct of cooperation with the US .
Of the 238 cases , 149 children died in the institutions where they lived rather than in a hospital , raising alarm about why , on the brink of death , a child was not transferred immediately to a hospital intensive-care unit .
Abuse and neglect are not unique to Bulgaria .
Without a stimulating family or family-like setting , such children can not develop their full potential .
Frequently , these conditions are not diagnosed , or are diagnosed late as a result of health-care professionals ' ignorance of what to look for , or their inability to communicate with non-verbal people .
Head banging or screaming can , for example , be misinterpreted as being part of the intellectual disability rather than an expression of discomfort or depression -- a phenomenon known as `` diagnostic overshadowing . '' Unfortunately , annual health checks that screen for physical and mental-health changes and epilepsy are not routine in many countries .
Living in the community with access to both specialized and mainstream services is not merely a policy goal ; the CRPD clarifies that this is a matter of fundamental human rights .
But , despite the best efforts of governments , reaching those goals by the 2015 target date still remains a distant prospect for many countries , not the least of in Africa .
But these challenges have not dampened optimism about Africa 's growth prospects .
There may be some justification for each EMU state to be represented in the G-8 , but not in the main economic organizations .
Most global economic issues today can not be solved without policy steps in China .
Russia 's August 2008 invasion of Georgia produced a sterner variation : `` No strategic partnership is possible if the values of democracy , respect for human rights , and the rule of law are not fully shared and respected . ''
Kosachev and others do not believe that the EU is committed to serious talks on `` hard '' security , a Russian imperative -- and with good reason .
Russians expected that , once their country was seen to be no longer confrontational and expansionist , it would be treated as a legitimate partner , not as a defeated enemy .
Thus , they can not accept that more robust multilateral institutions , confidence , cooperation , and interdependence could assure international security .
Europe should react to this Russian proposal , first , by acknowledging that Russia has a critical role to play in transatlantic security , and that it should be treated not only with caution , but also with respect .
The best way to proceed on the Medvedev Plan would be an OSCE declaration similar to the one adopted in Istanbul in 1999 -- that is , a political resolution , not a legally binding treaty .
Without carefully managing tropical forests -- 90 % of which grow in developing nations that have pressure to clear the land for other economic purposes -- we can not meet our global targets for reduced carbon emissions .
A developed nation can not meet carbon emission targets by outsourcing its dirtiest production to a developing country , and a developing country can not meet its targets by chopping down forests to build the plants or expand low-productivity agriculture .
This softer approach will prove counterproductive , as it will not strengthen democratic forces in Serbia .
Mladic must be arrested before talks start , not after .
The third phase was one of economic catch-up , which , unlike the first two phases , has not really been successful in Hungary , which today may even be falling back .
For example , we Central Europeans are opponents when we do not accept Russia 's policy of renewing `` spheres of interest '' and `` security zones . ''
This crisis was not caused by bad luck or some professional misunderstanding , but by character problems , especially in the United States and later Western Europe .
Money was stolen , not merely `` mismanaged . ''
Investments were not simply bad , but unacceptably risky .
The moral state of business leaders caused this crisis , and you can not find Central Europeans among those leaders .
If not , then first the biggest and the strongest countries , and then the Central Europeans , will turn away from the European dream .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors ' dynamism .
He might not respect the outcome of elections , but he can not afford to ignore what the last one revealed about the depths of his regime 's unpopularity .
His problem is the regime 's utter loss of legitimacy , which means that repression will not be enough .
While the specific companies to be sold have not been announced , the government has indicated that it would sell a 25 % share of the giant potash producer Belaruskali .
And Belarus is no China : it is not too big to be punished for its government 's behavior .
Then , crisis erupted in May , when the country ran low on foreign-currency reserves and traders could not purchase the dollars they needed .
The IMF should not be in the ransom business .
But this may not be optimal for the transition economies , which are still experiencing deep structural changes accompanied by sizable relative price adjustments and large capital inflows .
In smaller transition countries , such as the Baltic states , the financial infrastructure may not be sufficiently advanced to conduct monetary policy through open-market operations and to provide appropriate signals for policymakers .
But the demise of the left does not mean that the right has a coherent economic program .
Poland 's new government faces several serious challenges , not the least of which will be to reconcile its liberal and populist tendencies .
It is easy to fast during Ramadan in Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Egypt , even if one does not want to .
The real issue is not a theoretical question about Islam , but concerns the religious practices of Muslims .
With Islamic fundamentalism , too , we are not witnessing a traditional religion asserting itself against the Christian West .
The Taliban were not fighting Western culture , but traditional Afghan culture .
The state 's role is not to ensure social justice and the rule of law , but to create opportunities - even through coercion - for believers to find salvation .
But , because we are unsure that you are a good Muslim , it is easier to forbid owning songbirds , so that they can not jeopardize your salvation .
Fundamentalism is thus not a protest by original cultures under threat ; it reflects these cultures ' disappearance .
When Pim Fortuyn in Holland decided to wage a campaign against Muslim influence , he was defending sexual freedom , not traditional Christian values .
Nevertheless , such commonalities do not explain political and radical Islam . Osama Bin Laden is much more the expression of deracination than of a tradition of political violence in Islam .
They are the product not of Western or Middle Eastern history , but the fusion of all histories , of globalization .
The symbolism of that treaty promises much , not least the idea that civil wars and US interventions may be things of the past .
The agreement only stresses that labor rights are to be respected , highlighting that a party to the agreement `` shall not fail to effectively enforce its labor laws , through a sustained or recurring course of action or inaction , in a manner affecting trade between the Parties . ''
The region 's economies have not experienced significant growth in the past five years -LRB- nor have they grown more than 5 % annually in the past 20 years -RRB- .
If Europeans want to take part in vital global decisions - as the EU security strategy outlined not long ago by Javier Solana argued - they must find a middle way between the unanimity rule and the reality of member states ' actual power .
EU member states - even the most powerful - can not deliver on global issues such as the fight against terrorism , political reconstruction of the Middle East , the fight against poverty , and protection of the environment unless they agree on basic principles for common action .
It is overly optimistic to pretend that today 's EU institutions can implement such principles , because they do not represent the prevailing power realities .
Yet a sober assessment of the difficulties ahead would have helped to avoid many of the mistakes that have proved to be so costly in terms of American lives and resources -- not to mention the suffering of Iraqis .
A direct military showdown in the Gulf and the Straits of Hormuz , through which about 40 % of the world 's traded oil is shipped , can not be ruled out . As a consequence , oil prices would skyrocket .
However , it seems obvious that whatever happens , the Iranians will fight an asymmetric war not only on their own territory , but also in the neighboring region for years to come .
But , in an interdependent and interconnected world , the use of force can not be the result of national political calculations .
If such a consensus can not be reached , at least Western powers and like-minded states must agree , as in Kosovo in 1999 , for example .
Learning the lessons of the decision to invade Iraq , democracies should not allow personal obsessions , fantasies , and dogmas to contaminate the foreign policy-making process .
Second , as long as a serious breach of international law is not detected , negotiations with Iran must continue .
Engaging in discussions with Iran does not necessarily mean that we believe or deny those declarations .
Third , sanctions should not be discarded , but they should be interpreted as a means of pressure rather than as a mere prelude to war .
Finally , dealing with the Middle East , not just with Iran , requires a fresh , open-minded , and comprehensive approach .
The US administration must recognize that foreign policy is not security policy , and that a powerful military is not a magic wand .
A handful of influential ADB bureaucrats with large salaries , secured pensions , comprehensive health insurance , subsidized housing , and education for their children , have apparently decided that financing subsidized housing , health , nutrition , and child protection programs is not a priority .
Social protection , housing , employment , and labor are not on the ADB 's new agenda .
Pensions are mentioned only under financial-sector development : the ADB is to promote private-led insurance , despite evidence from the United Nations , International Labor Organization , World Bank and NGOs showing that private pensions do not reach the poor .
Certainly the ADB 's new strategy will not serve the majority of Asians , 60 % of whom still live in poor rural areas .
Growth on its own is not sufficient to guarantee poverty reduction in Asia and the Pacific .
It is critically important that this does not lead to a new lost decade of development , and that poor households -- especially children -- do not suffer as they did in the 1980 's .
The Chinese government should not underestimate Clinton 's and Obama 's commitment to this issue .
Although they are accustomed to experiencing the US as a dominant , often censuring `` great power , '' the reality now is that the US is beginning not only a new presidential administration , but a whole chapter in its history .
It is not that the Bush administration left Sino-US relations in such bad repair , but that the possibilities for a substantial change for the better have never been greater .
Still , one is left wonder if this new collaborative bonhomie and ethnic bonding will prove strong enough to cut through not only the long history of distrustful interactions between the US and China , but also the destabilizing effects of China 's sudden economic rise ?
There is a second obstruction as well : the US Congress refuses to face up realistically to the climate challenge , because China , as a developing country , is not obliged to accept compulsory carbon limits .
Here , if all the expressions of good feeling can not be made concrete , an incomparable opportunity to recast Sino-US relations around the issue of climate change will have been lost .
After all , were the scales not falling away from the eyes of Chinese leaders , and were they not now turning for salvation toward the God of capitalism that they had once so militantly denounced ?
This `` end-of-history '' interlude , when `` Communism '' was either failing or recycling itself into its opposite , also encouraged many latter-day American political missionaries to proselytize for democracy as well as capitalism -- to urge China 's leaders to abandon state controls not only over their economy , but over their political system as well .
It is intellectually and politically unsettling to realize that , if the West can not quickly straighten out its systems of government , only politically un-reformed states like China will be able to make the decisions that a nation needs to survive in today 's high-speed , high-tech , increasingly globalized world .
But can science and technology really solve problems that are not caused by China alone ?
But it is not just world markets that have enmeshed China in a new commons .
Like it or not , leaders everywhere are now enfolded in an inescapable web .
So , despite China 's predilection for aloofness , cooperation is not merely an option , but a necessity .
After all , should the dollar depreciate , China does not want to have too many eggs in the US basket .
Here the US has not yet shown itself to be a particularly hospitable environment for Chinese investments .
These same companies not only pay higher salaries than their American counterparts , but account for 11.3 % of capital investment in the US and provide 14.8 % of its private-sector R&D .
Given this , one might think the US government would be actively courting Chinese investment , not scaring it away unnecessarily .
If American officials do not begin to recognize the realities of today 's globalized world , the US may unwittingly -LRB- and self-destructively -RRB- find itself cut off from the kinds of new foreign investment flows that are sorely needed to revitalize its manufacturing and infrastructure sectors .
If the Obama administration and EU officials can not figure out the proper mix between economic engagement and protecting national security , investment capital from China will go elsewhere .
That is a strategy that will leave the US and the EU weaker , not stronger .
In the new context set by the war in Georgia , the urgency of Turkey becoming a real bridge between the nations of the Caucasus is not lost on anyone .
In fact , why not take the idea of such a pact one step further ?
Although some of those tensions appear purely bilateral , the Georgian-Russian conflict demonstrates that there is no such thing anymore in this globalized world , and certainly not in this interconnected region .
One is a lesson from history : Russia 's strategic interests here can not be ignored .
The other lesson is that Turkey and Armenia can not remain adversaries forever .
If this does not happen within the coming weeks and months , then Turkey will have demonstrated that all this was just a show .
But neither a nuclear-armed Iran nor air strikes against it are wise options , certainly not for this region .
That is why the world must not remain focused on the already-lost first phase .
Iranians have a sense of seniority , if not superiority , born of a rich and ancient culture that has survived into modern times .
Their outlook nowadays is the product of these two worldviews -- suspicious of others ' motives and proud of themselves as smart , tough negotiators and not without their own resources .
Iran , too , feels besieged , though it is not isolated : it depends heavily on trade , and not just as a seller of oil .
The world 's judgments about Iran 's motives and actions should not be distorted by Iranian pride .
We can only understand Iran 's real intentions by engaging the Iranians -- not cornering them .
Restructuring the role of Turkey 's army is vital , but if Turkey can not follow through with the Armenian and Kurdish openings , the country 's own domestic situation , its relations with the two peoples , as well as tensions in the Caucasus , will undoubtedly worsen .
Georgia is not a NATO member , and the United States , it is clear , will not go to war with Russia over Georgia .
This snarled three-way dispute , if not carefully untangled , holds many dangers .
Armenians and Azerbaijanis have not clashed militarily for more than a decade and a half . But this is only because there has been the perception of a military balance and a hope that ongoing negotiations would succeed .
But the situation is not irretrievable .
Endless public sparring between Turkish and Armenian officials through the media is not helping .
The recent resolution passed by the Foreign Relations Committee of the US Congress , which called upon President Obama to ensure that US foreign policy reflects an `` appropriate understanding and sensitivity '' concerning the Armenian Genocide , should serve as a wake-up call to both Turkish and Armenian governments that Armenians are not about to question the historical veracity of the genocide .
The two sides must step back , look at the situation dispassionately , acknowledge the deficiencies in the protocols , address the other side 's minimum requirements , and bear in mind that a single document will not heal all wounds or wipe out all fears .
The problem should not be dismissed as a mere settling of old scores .
To be sure , unlike Georgia 's war with Russia , the two sides in this clash are not so unequal as to draw global attention .
In the absence of assurances of such an outcome , a presidential-level meeting should not be tried .
That , together with the more than 30 incidents occurring daily on the Line of Contact , does not bode well for peace , particularly given the absence of even a hint of agreement on a document , any document .
For many Arabs , the vote showed that Turkey was not an American lackey and would not cooperate with American imperial designs , despite close Turkish-Israeli relations .
The American administration made it clear that military intervention by Turkey in Northern Iraq would not be tolerated .
They , too , want moderation and modernity , if perhaps not full secularization , to prevail .
But they are not .
Those of us who were not post-Zionists , but liberal Zionists , were even proud of the way our society had entered this phase of self-inspection and self-critique .
Our leaders , from Levy Eshkol -LRB- and much more so Golda Meir -RRB- to Yitzhak Shamir , erred gravely in not seizing the earliest opportunity to arrange a territorial separation and a horizon of sovereignty for the post-1967 Palestinians .
Jerusalem will be divided , Palestinian refugees will not return to their ancestral homes , and Jewish settlements in the West Bank will , like their Gaza counterparts , be dismantled or -LRB- inconceivably -RRB- left to fend for themselves .
Paralleling Middle Israel , though perhaps not initially befriending it or liking it very much , this kind of Palestine will be the best news that the Middle East will have had for a long time .
Livni is also an unpretentious person , not quite as ascetic as Menachem Begin and David Ben Gurion , but far humbler than Israel 's last four prime ministers , all men of sturdy egos and large expense accounts .
She is not `` nice , '' her rhetoric tends to be flat and uninspiring , and her English is not great .
She will not allow the repatriation of Palestinians to Israel proper -LRB- the controversially named `` right of return '' -RRB- , but territory is not holy to her .
Here is an Israel that you may not recognize , especially if the electronic media is your window on the world .
After all , Israel is not the United States , and gender can never work as anyone 's sole adjective .
If she does not put a coalition together , Israel will go to the ballot box and a religious-right coalition would be likely to emerge .
He claims he will not stop until your family is dead .
While theories of just war instruct us not to hurt non-combatants , Hamas and its military arm have made a conscious decision , banking on global humanitarian concerns , to ensure that Israel hits as many civilians as possible .
Many others would not like to see the Israeli army launch a ground invasion into Gaza .
Its bombardment of Gaza is not `` proportional . ''
It is a democracy , not a one-voice nation , and , with a general election due in February , debate is continuing both within the government and beyond it .
Even Ariel Sharon 's break from Likud and the establishment of Kadima , a genuine embodiment of moderate Middle Israel , did not undo the stalemate .
It will not die any time soon : in the Israeli aviary both doves and hawks are capable phoenixes .
She embodies the meager good news of this election : Middle Israel is alive and large , though not as effective as it could be .
Its democracy would not grow weaker by becoming tidier : rather , it would grow up .
Fewer choices are sometimes the hallmark of maturity , and not only in politics .
I hope , but can not promise , that it would be the well-tempered voice of Middle Israel .
The fact that the flotilla did not carry only `` peace activists , '' but also many people who wish to see Israel destroyed and Israelis perish , is no reason to drop soldiers upon them .
Hatred , after all , is not a punishable crime .
For the first time in its modern history , Turkey not only resisted a serious global economic crisis , but also decoupled itself from the rest of Europe by rebounding strongly in 2010 .
There also may be serious direct consequences for human health if climate change is not checked , particularly increased morbidity and mortality as a result of heat waves , floods , and droughts .
The IPCC also found that the cost of such a strict effort at mitigation would not exceed 3 % of global GDP in 2030 .
First , if we do not mitigate emissions of GHGs , the negative effects of climate change will be difficult to reverse , implying great hardship and possibly danger to mankind and other species .
Your academic mentors and the scientists whose works you had read were continuing to stumble over grand problems that now seemed , if not solved , at least soluble .
You realize that to reveal what you 've come to understand will not only revolutionize your science , but will potentially shatter many of your countrymen 's religious and philosophical foundations .
Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done .
Even so , not only foreign investors and local big businesses are worried by his rise in opinion polls .
But protectionism need not be the only alternative to fear of global competition .
The positive public opinion in Sweden is not a symptom of brainwashing , but a rational response to people 's experience during the last decade .
In the Scandinavian countries , as opposed to , say , Germany and the US , the government , not individual companies , are responsible for most social benefits .
That way , economically irrational lock-in effects , whereby workers simply can not afford to change jobs , are avoided .
The system protects not only the unemployed , who can continue to pay their mortgages and interest , but also indirectly the banks , because their loans to households are repaid even in times of recession .
Intense foreign competition and rapid technological change does not have to be a race to the bottom .
Politicians are blamed because they did not tighten fiscal policies when needed in order to prevent property bubbles , rein in external deficits , and avert economic overheating .
But , regardless of how bad Europe 's political and financial leaders may seem , a sudden rise in the number of incompetent or immoral individuals throughout the eurozone 's periphery is not a credible explanation of this crisis .
In countries with higher price growth than in Germany , but with the same borrowing costs , this can not produce anything but overheating , higher inflation , and even lower real interest rates .
The main blame should therefore be put on the system 's founders , or those who saw the problems coming but chose not to raise a word of warning .
Those who not only tolerated but actively encouraged the excesses of countries like Latvia -- by making eventual euro adoption a precondition for European Union membership , and promising that it would produce only growth , prosperity , and discipline -- are those who should be chased by the blame game .
But this insight is not reflected in monetary union 's design .
More often than not , they have had little or no connection with one another : development specialists dealt comfortably with dictatorships and democracies alike , believing that prosperity can best be created by concentrating exclusively on economic issues and institutions .
But , as the recent United Nations Security Council debates on the Arab Spring have shown , it is not the major emerging countries that will influence events in the region .
Since the launch of the Barcelona Process in 1995 , EU Mediterranean policy has been criticized for not linking financial aid to democratic reform , and for giving priority to European concerns like immigration , security , and cooperation on counter-terrorism .
Wilfried Martens , President of the European People 's Party -LRB- EPP -RRB- in the European Parliament and former Prime Minister of Belgium , recently made a similar point : `` The West is not at war with Islam .
Christianity is not at war with Islam .
Infrastructural investment and economic reform are crucial for the Mediterranean region 's future development , but they can not transform the region without a parallel emphasis on democracy , the rule of law , human rights , and education .
Furthermore , the problem is not only America 's .
How does a savings glut translate into exports , given that households do not export ?
A critic who made the same claim that economics allows only one theoretical approach would be dismissed as paranoid , whereas Rodrik 's standing creates an opportunity for a debate that would not otherwise be possible .
The Chicago School claims that real-world market economies produce roughly efficient -LRB- so-called `` Pareto optimal '' -RRB- outcomes on which public policy can not improve .
The great challenge is not to admit that there are many recipes , but rather to create space for other perspectives on economic analysis and policy .
It is not clear that other countries have the will or capacity to develop alternative engines of growth .
This is not a matter of the Fed bailing out investors .
It is not enough to deal only with the crisis of the day .
That way , wage income , not debt and asset price inflation , can again provide the engine of demand growth .
The fact that inventories have not risen supposedly exonerates oil speculators .
The destruction of wealth also destroys collateral , which means that even those who wish to borrow can not .
Meanwhile , insolvencies and foreclosures triggered by excessive interest burdens are not reversed by later rate cuts .
Proponents of a bailout for the Big Three have emphasized the enormous job losses associated with a bankruptcy scenario , including not only jobs directly provided by the automakers , but also jobs with parts suppliers , auto dealers , and in the transport and advertising industries .
The opposition of the Federal Reserve and Treasury to hands-on intervention meant that they were slow to understand that merely ring-fencing the commercial banks could not save the financial system .
Although 53 % of US Muslims think that life is more difficult since the terrorist attacks of 2001 , most think that this is the fault of the government , not their neighbors .
Yet `` assimilation '' is not what succeeds .
`` Assimilation '' means dissolving into the mainstream , but Muslim-Americans do not , remaining devoutly Muslim in a country overwhelmingly Christian .
America 's Muslims do not so much assimilate as participate in economic , political , educational , and social life .
The second factor is America 's pluralistic public sphere , an arena not without religion but with many religions , which are visible and active in civil life as the basis for institutions , publications , and symbols that influence values and conduct .
The US is not a secular society ; it is a religiously pluralistic one with secular legal and political structures .
This design was crafted not only from enlightened principle but from necessity : America needed to persuade people to cross the ocean and endure the hardships of the frontier and , later , industrialization .
And they can keep not only their private faith but practice it publicly .
Because immigrants participate in America 's economic and political arenas , Americans are used to different sorts of people and so distinguish those differences that might damage the country from those that will not .
Americans , indeed , are familiar with difference , or at least they tend not to panic .
If we are not serious about upgrading our industrial structure , we will fail when it comes time to fulfill our commitments to cut emissions .
Unfortunately , unlike Western countries , we can not afford to wait until our per capita annual GDP reaches $ 10,000 before tackling our environmental problems .
Government can not solve these problems on its own .
They can not limit themselves simply to `` supervision '' and appeals to the authorities .
Huntington sees something sinister at work within Islam - that Islam 's social outcomes reflect , not its level of modernity , but the tenets of its faith .
There were not .
The position of women also does not seem to be primarily determined by adherence to Islam .
While this does not guarantee that no relationship exists between religion and discrimination against women , it suggests that if such a tie does exist , it is unrelated to female labor market participation or preference for sons .
After all , Lebanon does have low social mobility , low female labor market participation , and a strong preference for sons , while other countries do not .
So if the Islamic world is different from the West , it is so because it is backward , not because it is Muslim .
Changing entrenched attitudes could not happen overnight : it required a step-by-step process of confidence-building measures , from the grassroots level to the heights of political power .
But our proactive policy of rapprochement was not designed merely to serve national interests .
Democracy is a universal value , not the property of specific religions .
Turkey should view the Patriarchate not as a threat , but as an important asset - -- a bridge to Europe .
As negotiations proceed in the years ahead , it is in the international community 's interest to support Turkey 's European future , while making a constructive contribution to end the division of Cyprus , so that the progress we have achieved is not lost .
We need to highlight , not hide , different views , and see our parties less as `` war headquarters '' and more as bio-diverse think tanks or workshops .
So I believe that the future for political parties is to develop a culture of debate , dialogue , and critical understanding of issues , where people can help set a nation 's priorities and are not simply told by experts or their leaders what is right and wrong for them .
Of course , bringing more democracy into our daily lives can not mean perpetual debate , without actually making decisions .
People would say you look weak if you 're not cursing the opposition and driving around in a big black car wearing a tie .
But one can do this in ways that are not violent and aggressive , by defending the principles of that new relationship .
We will not be returned to government unless we offer a better kind of democracy in the long term .
We can not afford to leave the region 's protracted conflicts such as the ones in Nagorno-Karabakh and Transnistria on the back burner , as last year 's war in Georgia made abundantly clear .
People living in these areas need peace and stability , not a fragile status quo that could suddenly shatter and turn violent .
Europe has come a long way from those years of division , but we have not yet fully reaped the benefits promised by the wave of change of 1989 .
Sticking to half-measures exacerbates markets ' impatience and provokes increasingly determined speculative attacks , not only on the weaker peripheral countries , but also on core AAA-rated countries -- like France and , eventually , Germany itself -- whose banking sectors hold large volumes of peripheral countries ' debt .
Systemic risk raises doubts about the solvency of over-indebted countries , which means that these countries ' efforts to consolidate their fiscal position and promote reform do not lead to improvement in financial conditions , which is essential for overcoming the crisis and promoting recovery .
That risk would be exacerbated by the eruption of a major default-related crisis within the eurozone , which might not be contained and , through a Lehman-like domino sequence , could jeopardize the entire edifice .
It could be argued , for example , that Eurobonds would allow eurozone members to pool their financial strength and , by enhancing the attractiveness of the euro as a reserve currency , hold down borrowing costs to such an extent that AAA-rated countries are not overburdened .
So long as the eurozone 's systemic risk is not addressed , sovereign defaults are not unlikely , leading to extended bank bailouts that could carry unacceptable costs .
However , addressing the eurozone 's deeper defects can not be postponed endlessly .
An impasse is inevitable , so playing for time is not a solution .
European competitiveness does not have only a global dimension .
Using the `` energy weapon , '' however , is not just a tactic : it is at the heart of the prevailing doctrine guiding Russian foreign policy .
But the illiberalism inherent in Russian imperialism is not limited to recent behavior , and , more disturbingly , it extends to the question of Georgia 's territorial integrity , as Russian troops continue to prop up secessionist regions .
But , thanks to gas supplies from neighboring Azerbaijan , Georgia has not yet been strangled .
A revived Russian empire , whether it is constructed by force or through economic coercion , is not in anyone 's interests .
In the rest of the continent , the other left - the one deemed reliable by Wall Street and London bankers - will not join Chavez 's postures , but neither will it join a crusade to unseat him .
This other left , however , is not radical .
That the Latin American right can sleep at night despite this leftward tide is not merely the result of communism 's disappearance , nor does it mean that the US has given up its hegemonic intentions . The explanation lies in the fact that much of today 's left is not the left as we have known it .
Instead , today 's left looks at growth , fiscal discipline and competitiveness with pragmatism , and not as ideological red flags .
Its economic proposals do not define its character : it feels at ease with policies such as those followed by President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva during his first term in Brazil or those implemented by the Socialist Presidents Ricardo Lagos and Michele Bachelet in Chile .
The Latin American left does not share George W. Bush 's view of the world .
On global issues , it has not backed the US in the Iraq war , it does not tolerate American disdain for multilateralism and it is unwilling to join the anti-terror crusade .
If the new left does not manage to answer these questions satisfactorily , it will be seen as having failed .
That left has obtained historic victories thanks to a democracy whose survival is still not guaranteed .
They point to Muslim rhetoric suffused with hatred of the West , and deduce that Muslims can not be good citizens of Western democracies .
This is important because some of their difficulties in settlement arise not from religion but from unfamiliarity with modern life .
For example , Muslims objected to the 1991 war against Iraq , but did not mount public protests .
Moreover , Muslims eagerly participate in public affairs , voting at a rate not much different from the rest of the population .
There are 150 local Muslim councillors and eight mayors , slightly fewer than other ethnic minorities , but not alarmingly so .
But religion does not operate in a vacuum .
The main problem for Muslims is not democracy , but coping with a multicultural society .
They may marry non-Muslims , but do not allow others to marry their women , and expect those marrying within Islam to convert to it .
This can not be attributed to the current widespread feeling among Muslims that their identity is under threat .
This is not some futuristic science-fiction story about technology run amok .
Getting to the future , it seems , does not require the help of futurists .
That explosion was not unanticipated -- nor was the announcement by Armenia 's police that the car had caught fire due to technical problems .
It made an instant impact , but not in the way we hoped .
Lord Johnston expressed his opinion about my case in his talks with the authorities , which then decided not to send me to prison .
Indeed , there is something of a taboo on writing about Tsarukyan , and with good reason : not only is he rich , but also he controls an army of obedient skinheads .
We will not be defeated .
Biti is not the only MDC member to be `` disappeared '' for a period of time by Mugabe 's government .
Keating believed that the fighting at Kokoda represented the real birth pains of an independent Australia , not some colonial appendage of Britain created to serve imperial purposes in the Far East .
I would not dare to challenge the sensitivities of Australians about their own history .
Most countries fabricate at least some of their history ; or they simply whitewash the bits that do not match their heroic idea of themselves .
My own country , for example , invented much of what it means to be British in order to accommodate Scotland in the eighteenth century to the idea of rule from England , and to persuade the whole of the United Kingdom that it should not object to being ruled by German kings .
Britain was not to be part of it .
History had written a different role for us -- sovereign , independent , detached from continental entanglements , and , if not an equal of America , then at least a senior , faithful adjutant .
The English writer G.K. Chesterton once wrote , `` The disadvantage of men not knowing the past is that they do not know the present . ''
Many students today are being prepared for jobs that do not yet exist .
If older leaders do not produce the right answers soon , younger generations will reap the whirlwind -- sometimes literally .
Optimists cheer the departure of the Bush administration and assume that the arrival of the Obama presidency , which unlike its predecessor is not in denial about the science of global warming , will unlock the prospect of a deal .
But continuing to use energy inefficiently will not mitigate the painful effects of the global economic crisis .
It does not want to see its industries outdated and uncompetitive .
This year 's task may be to reach a global understanding in Copenhagen that is not too prescriptive , but which is more than aspirational and into which an American domestic political agreement can be incorporated once Obama achieves it .
The explosions over Gaza that night were not intended to entertain , but rather to break Hamas and discredit it in the eyes of Palestinians .
Second , despite French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's welcome high-profile diplomacy , Europe has been irrelevant , if not quite invisible .
These `` wise men , '' advisers one and all to President Bill Clinton and other presidents , all seem to concede that the failure of the proposed Camp David accord in 2000 could not , after all , be laid solely at Arafat 's door . Former Israeli premier Ehud Barak should carry his share of the blame .
The American diplomats ' arguments about process did not on the whole carry over into disagreement about the content of a peace deal .
Moreover , Republicans ' belief that only tax cuts , not public spending , will delivery recovery is a sad example of blinkered ideology .
Most voters -- certainly swing voters , who usually decide elections -- do not like partisan battles as much as some politicians and their supporters do .
After all , the wise , the moderate , and the floating voter do not switch on the radio to listen to archconservatives like the American broadcaster Rush Limbaugh .
Civility in politics is not simply political confectionery .
One reason for the widespread respect felt for Nelson Mandela is that years of imprisonment did not embitter him .
So my own hope is that Obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike .
Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce today 's economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
This was not a matter of theology or even liturgy . But the Catholics used a shotgun for this brutal punishment , and the Protestants an electric drill .
In return , the Protestant majority in the north accepted that republicans should not have to accept the symbols of a state to which they felt no loyalty .
Moreover , the police and security forces were to be reorganized so that they were seen to represent the whole community , not primarily its Protestant majority .
Interestingly , the issue of police reform was the only one that the political parties could not resolve by themselves .
It is not perfect . Some of the compromises that democrats must occasionally make with one-time terrorists are difficult to stomach .
I do not take an apocalyptic view of what recently happened -- tragic though it is for the bereaved families .
It is now more , not less , able to deal with terrorism .
The autobiographies of political leaders are not a very elevated literary form .
To take one example , while Bill Clinton speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , his autobiography is not worth reading .
The problem with Bush was not lack of intelligence but a complete absence of intellectual curiosity .
He thought that the American president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the US Constitution , just as his country should not be constrained by any international rules .
I can not think of one who did so much damage to America at home and to its reputation abroad .
But there is not the same sense of gloom that envelops you in Britain and much of Europe .
First , what happens if politics does not trump economics , and Obama 's policies do n't start to produce a recovery ?
Historical memory is not always quite as bad as this . But international politics and diplomacy are riddled with examples of bad and ill-considered precedents being used to justify foreign policy decisions , invariably leading to catastrophe .
1930 's appeasement -- a word that elides diplomatic engagement and the rejection of military options -- was said to remind us of what would happen if South Vietnam was not defended and Iraq not invaded . We know what happened in both countries .
But analogies are not always wrong , and those that were wrong in the past could prove correct today . One of the arguments for the Vietnam War was the so-called domino theory . If South Vietnam was to fall to the Communists , other countries in South-East Asia would tumble before Communist insurgency .
Things turned out very different . Vietnam proved to be the end not the beginning of the line .
We are told that NATO and the West can not build a nation there and that the goals that have been set for establishing democracy and prosperity are unattainable .
They do not necessarily share the same aims as Al Qaeda .
After the overthrow of the Taliban regime , the West did not commit enough troops to extend the national government in Kabul 's authority over the whole country .
Here come the dominoes -- wrong in Vietnam but not necessarily in the South Asian sub-continent .
That is not a prospect that anyone should welcome in South Asia .
The second application of Groucho 's question was that citizens of most Communist countries soon learned that the loss of freedom that they suffered was not compensated by greater prosperity or a higher quality of life .
Authoritarian party-states , such as China and Vietnam , survive , but not through commitment to communism .
But reason does not seem to be getting much of a hearing during the current health-care debate in the US .
Some observers , not least hard-headed Israeli peace campaigners , have suggested a different approach .
Presumably , Blair is not proposing to the Palestinians the creation of a state before an agreement is reached on final borders .
There can not be a Palestinian state without dealing with West Bank settlements .
Moreover , a Palestinian state would not only comprise the West Bank and Gaza , but presumably would also have to accommodate the principal political parties in each area . Attempts to destroy Hamas -- whether politically or physically -- have not worked and can not work .
His greatest achievement was the peace deal in Northern Ireland . That historic triumph depended on bringing in Sinn Fein politicians -- leaders of the Irish Republican movement who in many cases could not be distinguished from the IRA , which bombed , shot , and maimed civilians in pursuit of its political goals .
And what is built should not be destroyed .
But that is not quite how I see things .
Looking at preparations for the Copenhagen summit in December , when we will try to broker a new global agreement to combat climate change , does not make me grumpy .
President Barack Obama and his advisers do not deny the scientific evidence of what is happening to us all .
I am not arguing that growth is bad .
British voters line up behind the truck drivers when protests are launched against hikes in the price of petrol , not least through the introduction of higher energy taxes .
China 's Communist Party will not tolerate any questioning of this assessment .
But the dark side of Mao can not be totally expunged .
Mao is certainly a more interesting figure than were many tyrants -- a poet , an intellectual , a student of history as well as a serial philanderer , who , according to his doctor , Li Zhisui , liked to swim in water , not bathe in it .
This creed has clearly not survived its creator .
For all our sakes , I hope that the future does not derail China 's economic progress , though it will be a surprise if it does not challenge its arthritic and adamantine political system .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy will not have to compete for the global limelight with any Brussels supremos .
Germany will not be challenged to break out of its increasing introversion , no longer obliged to demonstrate its democratic post-war credentials by embracing the European cause at every turn .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Ashton has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service .
We should , for example , want to prevent the militarization of nuclear energy in Iran precisely because of our concern as Europeans , not because we are allies of the US .
It is not just that Europe does not spend enough on hard power , but that what it does spend -- about ¤ 200 billion -- is spent badly .
The job is not complete .
We are committed to Ukraine 's `` European vocation , '' but not to its EU membership .
My final guideline for policy is that Europe is not and will not become a superpower or super-state .
Unlike the US , we do not matter everywhere .
We do not require a policy on every problem and every place .
The present `` no war-no peace '' lull in the Middle East is not sustainable ; nor is a one-state solution either possible or desirable .
So what can we do to nudge things forward in a region where America is again engaged but not respected , and where Europe is neither ?
Does it matter if Europe is not on the same page as the US ?
We should not , however , allow this sentiment to turn into an all-purpose rant against personal wealth . Sometimes its owners use it in hugely generous amounts for great public gain .
It is not as though Africa lacked resources or the ability to govern itself well . Peaceful Botswana is a good example of what can be achieved .
This is not to say that he is unemotional .
He would not be afraid to act , but he would be prepared to think first .
I do not think , therefore , that Obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedy 's old seat .
He has not solved all of these problems .
The left in America criticizes Obama for not turning the economy around already .
You would have difficulty finding many members of the US Congress who do not ascribe some of America 's problems , including the hollowing out of the middle class , to China 's alleged currency manipulation .
Americans , too , Chinese officials should remember , have `` face '' that they do not wish to lose .
I am not so convinced .
They do not expect much from the state and are not surprised when it fails to deliver .
This does not mean that they criticize the macro-management of the Indian economy very much .
It is not that they have given up on government ; they are just realistic about what it can achieve .
Gone for the moment are jokes about government being the problem , not the solution .
In India , by contrast , even when you might think that government should be expected to deliver more , expectations are not high .
This is bound to involve greater redistribution if the hundreds of millions of Indians who remain extremely poor are not to become alienated from their country 's success story and pulled toward populist extremism .
Interior Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram , a tough reformer , has this problem in his sights , but it can not be solved by better policing alone .
If India 's other states -- and the central government -- can follow this example , then the polish of India will not lose its shine .
Each leader has been carefully groomed to avoid the sort of gaffes that could cost his party the election , and thus far , not one has shot himself in the foot .
I think he will do so -- not least because the most potent electoral argument today is `` time for change . '' Voters tend to get rid of governments once the incumbents have lost their most precious attribute : the benefit of the doubt .
It is not just that tough measures will be required to rein in public spending for years to come .
In Europe , it is not just Greece that is in a mess .
LONDON -- Volcanoes have consequences -- and I 'm not just thinking about the chaos caused to air travel by Iceland 's unpronounceable last eruption -LRB- known to the Pentagon as E-15 -RRB- .
But the coalition negotiated by David Cameron 's Conservatives with the third-place Liberal Democrats -LRB- which should give the government a comfortable majority in Parliament -RRB- is not so novel as some people think .
Benjamin Disraeli , the nineteenth-century prime minister , famously said that Britain does not like coalitions .
But if the coalition works and lasts , then we will see not so much a political volcano in Britain as a real shift in the tectonic plates .
Corporate sin is not unknown in the US .
But we should n't allow American politicians who do not even possess passports to write us off with the same patronizing sneer that some Europeans used to reserve for President George W. Bush 's administration and policies .
Those who argue that there is a humanitarian crisis in Gaza should not compare the situation with Ethiopia or Sudan in the middle of a drought or a war .
With the changes in the import controls on Gaza -- there is now a list of what can not be taken in , rather than of what can -- more goods should arrive .
But the ability to buy the jams , muesli , balsamic vinegar , and pots of lemon curd that I saw in an up-market Gazan supermarket will not do much for ordinary people , 80 % of whom depend on emergency food rations .
Moreover , ordinary Gazans can not rebuild their homes and schools , because building materials remain proscribed , or are dribbled in only for UN projects .
With chocolate and cardamom now allowed into Gaza , Israel is applying a `` smarter '' siege , which will keep Palestinians here isolated , poor , and aid-dependent , but not starving .
Life-saving drugs are in short supply , and equipment often does not work because of power cuts or the absence of spare parts .
History is not on the side of this immorality .
It will not achieve this through its appalling Gaza policy .
It is the deepest countryside . As I write this under a vine in my vegetable garden , I look west across wooded hills and can not see another building .
Maybe the terrible floods in Pakistan and China are not the direct result of climate change . But the evidence seems to suggest that variations in climactic conditions are increasing in scale and frequency .
What may make sense in the vast open reaches of Texas will not necessarily work in rural France or Britain .
How can we ensure that technology meets the needs of the poor and does not simply increase the divide between laptop-owning , Blackberry-using Westerners like me and the poor in India or China ?
The message conveyed by the pope and by the religious leaders with whom he met defied the contemporary assumption that the public can not understand anything longer or more complicated than a sound bite .
Voters should be treated as equals , and politicians should not talk down to them .
Mind you , this was not enough to win Stevenson the presidency in the 1950 's . `` All the intelligent people in the country are supporting you , '' he was told .
More would not accept the king 's assertion of supremacy over the church .
His conscience would not allow him to bend to Henry 's will .
After all , not every politician is widely commended for following his conscience .
Europe 's foundations lie not just in Aristotle , reason , and classical Greece , and not just in Rome with its understanding of the importance of the law , but also in Jerusalem and the Abrahamic faith groups -- Christian , Jewish , and Muslim .
That is a central issue , and not just for Europe .
SYDNEY -- The rescue of the 33 Chilean miners , from what was feared would be their tomb , gave the world something to cheer about . Hope has not , after all , become a redundant virtue in the twenty-first century .
But , looking around us today , there do not seem to be many reasons for optimism elsewhere .
We need leaders with sufficient mastery of detail , like China 's last premier Zhu Rongji , who can not only tell us how they will get us from A to Z , but can actually lead us from A to B.
This nonsense on stilts is articulated by some zany candidates who enjoy the support of the Tea Party , a reference not to the Mad Hatter in Alice in Wonderland , which would be fitting , but to the Bostonians who rebelled against colonial Britain 's imposition of taxes in the eighteenth century .
Is there not something deeply depressing about 18-year-olds demonstrating about the retirement age ?
But the fiasco in the run-up to the Commonwealth Games showcased some of India 's problems , not least deep corruption and inadequate infrastructure .
Did they not understand , he argued , that this would lead to factory closures and social turbulence in China ?
It is more than odd to argue that the rest of the world has to cope with a built-in advantage for China 's exporters because its authoritarian political system can not cope with any change .
If America had not in the past borrowed so much , the world would not have grown so fast .
While China may have started to throw a bit of its weight around -- for example , in its own neighborhood in pursuit of maritime reach and undersea oil -- the main threat that it poses is that the country falls apart , not that it continues to thrive .
It is not much good looking to the European Union for self-confident and concerted political initiative on the international stage .
Attempting to retain advantages for your exporters and to buy up commodities regardless of the political and economic price is a tactic for China , not a strategy for the world .
Who will ensure that the Canc?n climate-change conference this December does not meet the same fate as last year 's Copenhagen summit ?
Yesterday was not as good as we remember it .
At this time of year , of course , many Christians who are not regular churchgoers attend the Nativity services .
Those of us who think that science and religion dwell in different domains , and who recall that Socrates argued that science did not teach you about morality or meaning , find that our case is undermined by the literalists and fundamentalists in every religion .
There are Christians who know all about the fire and brimstone of the Book of Revelation , but seem not to have heard the instructions about generosity in the Sermon on the Mount .
For a happier New Year , we should listen to the core messages of all these great religions , above all the Confucian golden rule that we should never do to others what we would not like to be done to us .
What religion should teach us is not how to hate , but -- to borrow again from Confucius -- how to develop societies that look after and welcome the poor , the stranger , and the oppressed .
While the world 's democracies are not slow to criticize American leadership , they know that they rely on the US in tackling most serious global problems .
Iran 's oil and gas should not blind China to the dangers to its neighborhood and the entire world if the Islamic Republic develops a nuclear weapon .
The novel 's readers will not have been astonished by the ease with which the rotting hulk of Hosni Mubarak 's regime was dashed against the rocks , nor by the spirit and courage of those who engineered this extraordinary piece of history .
But I did find it curious that The Yacoubian Building was not banned in Egypt -- or in other Arab countries -- and that subsequently it was turned into a popular and widely shown film .
So , now that the Yacoubian state has come tumbling down , the most interesting question is not `` Why did it happen ? '' but `` Why did it not happen before ? ''
Moreover , provided they were not too troublesome politically over Israel , they could earn a well-paid seat at our table .
They did n't have to like Israel , provided that they were n't too rude about America 's pro-Israel bias and its refusal to accept that insisting on Israel 's inalienable right to exist was not the same as allowing Israel to do whatever it wanted .
In too many countries , they found women were marginalized -LRB- though , to be fair , not in Tunisia -RRB- , education was dominated by religion , and government was autocratic , unaccountable , and corrupt .
What lies ahead will not be easy .
And it 's the city where Europe 's future may be shaped -- Istanbul , not Brussels , Paris , or Berlin .
Tell my children that the EU is there to prevent us from fighting one another again , and their reply is blunt : `` Of course we are not going to fight . '' Europe 's moral purpose today is an existential question that all Europeans must consider .
If not , then many of us will find it increasingly difficult to see Europe as anything more than a glorified customs union with political ambitions that are far too big for its boots .
He did not dwell on the diversion of American corn from food to heavily subsidized bio-fuels .
They have a miserable diet -- not least when compared with Bush 's Texan neighbors .
I do not imagine you will find too many vegetarians in Crawford , Texas , and the meat consumed by the average American is way ahead of the figure for any other country .
How do we deal with equity on a global scale when we can not even deal with it country by country ?
Can we prevent a calamitous increase in global warming in a way that is fair , that takes account of past and present responsibility , and that does not thwart legitimate hopes for a better life everywhere ?
The best way to deal with the problem is to subsidize food for the poor ; we should not cut the price we pay farmers for growing it .
The reason we should take more notice of his departure is not what his absence will make possible , but what will remain absolutely the same .
Moreover , the American presidential campaign has shown that it is not only the absence of a responsible hands-on American policy in the last seven years that has contributed to today 's bloody stand-off .
How do we manage our relationship with Iran , which may -- or may not -- wish to develop a military nuclear capability as well as civil nuclear power ?
Finally , even after Bush -- who became so unpopular in Europe -LRB- not always fairly -RRB- -- the European Union will find it hard to become the partner in tackling global problems that America needs and seeks .
But global poverty , environmental catastrophe , proliferation , Afghanistan and the Middle East are not problems that can be put on hold while Europe talks to itself .
But Europe can not be built on this democratic deficit .
This did not go down well , particularly with the Germans .
So the auguries for an attempt to revitalize Europe 's relationship with its Mediterranean partners were not good .
We have not dared to cross America .
If this is just blah-blah , better not say it .
We discredit ourselves and important principles when we say things that we do not mean .
Unlike the so-called `` chicken hawks '' who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , McCain 's life is not at odds with his politics .
First , Palin is not at the top of the ticket .
He would be president , not the Alaskan .
It is McCain 's views on the economy and foreign policy , not Palin 's on Darwin and the wickedness of sex education , which should be the targets .
The economy is not McCain 's strong suit .
It is not easy to do this when the rich get richer -- enjoying their biggest spree since the Roaring Twenties -- and average household income remains stagnant for the third decade running .
Social equity is not irrelevant even in America , the land of opportunity .
It will not be easy to rein in over-spending and over-borrowing , to restore the real family values of saving , thrift , responsibility , and fair reward .
What is imperative is that this should not be impeded by a return to protectionism .
But a necessary if not sufficient condition for change is America 's commitment to and leadership of the process .
I do not think that a struggle for hegemony is inevitable , or that it would be desirable .
China can not sustain its economic development without political changes and environmental improvements .
This nicely captures the consensus in the fields of psychology and neuroscience , which tell us that our mental lives are the products of our physical brains , and that these brains are shaped not by a divine creator , but by the blind process of natural selection .
We do not feel , after all , that we are just material bodies , mere flesh .
The nature of these boundaries is related to our common-sense view that some objects have souls and others do not .
If one attributes a soul to something , then it has value ; if one sees something as a mere body , it does not .
Thus , if a `` soul '' means something immaterial and immortal , then it does not exist .
Such disasters not only cause death by drowning or starvation , but also damage crops and make them vulnerable to infection and infestations by pests and choking weeds , thereby contributing to food shortages and malnutrition .
Of course , not all the human health consequences of global warming may be bad .
These outbreaks , of course , can not be traced conclusively to global warming .
Their intent was not to replace the many economic dialogues already taking place , but to create a senior-level forum that was both comprehensive and strategic . A forum that would also build trust on both sides by demonstrating progress on the immediate issues we face .
In the past year , the RMB has appreciated by 6 % , but the pace is not fast enough to reduce China 's global trade surplus , its internal imbalances , or foreign-exchange-market pressures .
Financial liberalization is not about foreign firms drilling holes in China 's economy .
While progress has not been as rapid as we would like , these signposts point the way to further benefits for Americans and Chinese alike .
It is difficult not to be a pessimist about the future of the world 's fish population .
The decline has so far been masked in the developed world by seafood products that were not previously available , such as farmed salmon , and by massive fish imports from developing countries .
But excessive catches are not even the whole story .
As a result , some fish stocks exploited in this manner do not seem to recover , regardless of quotas or other regulations on catches .
When fed only vegetable matter , such as soy meal , salmon do not grow well , and end up looking and tasting like tofu .
One reason why acquaculture 's practitioners can get away with this is that the public assumes that all of these operations are similar , and that they all add to the global fish supply . This is simply not the case .
There is still time to save our fisheries , but only if they are reinvented not as the source of an endlessly growing supply of fish for an endlessly growing human population , but as a provider of a healthy complement to grain-based diets .
The effects of our kindness are not zero-sum .
It 's not just short-term pleasure : those who donate wealth and time to others tend to be a lot happier in their entire lives than those who do not .
All is not sweetness and light , though ; morality is more than compassion and charity .
Pakistan 's embattled president , Pervez Musharraf , once declared , `` I am not at all a politician .
Yet he clearly failed to comprehend that this was not just about approval ratings .
But revenue and expenditure transparency alone is not enough to ensure good use of natural resources .
The many decisions required to ensure success must be gotten right not just once but repeatedly , though , without such transparency , the risks of corruption and misallocation obviously are much higher .
In any case , the major new players in resource extraction are not in the OECD .
Global oversight of resource extraction is a perfect economic-development issue for the G-20 , not least because the theatrical pledges of aid to poor countries that were the stuff of G-8 meetings have now been recognized as empty rhetoric .
This `` poisoned earth '' policy kills coca plants , not peasant farmers .
After ploughing the land in preparation for winter wheat , however , the farmers slaughtered the cattle because they could not keep them fed throughout the winter , because no fodder was provided .
There are , of course , other amusing anecdotes . What is not amusing is the end result : the poppy eradication program achieved the opposite to what was intended .
Even stalwart supporters of EU membership may feel that their countries are not being treated as equals if they are bullied for holding a different opinion than bigger members .
France and Germany fail to grasp that the candidate countries ' support for the US is not aimed against `` old Europe . ''
Small states in the middle of Europe that have been victims of aggression throughout their history should not be blamed for believing that the US remains the only real guarantor of their security .
The EU , despite much talking , has not come close to developing a common defense policy .
Perhaps more to the point , they feel that as long as a European security system is not in place , they may yet need the US to defend their security and independence .
He did not attack Great Britain , Spain , or Italy for their pro-American stance as he did for the East Europeans , which made his remarks sound all the more jarring to the ears of people in the candidate countries .
Such reforms can work only if the big member states do not succumb to the temptation to use these mechanisms to bypass or ride roughshod over the interests of the small countries .
Instead , the EU emphasized the technical criteria of membership . West Europeans did not seem concerned that early enlargement eastward might speed the consolidation of the region 's democratic revolutions .
Throughout the accession process , the EU made it clear that it could not and would not offer the same level of economic solidarity as it offered previous newcomers to the Union .
A significant change in Europe 's economic fortunes can not be expected unless deep structural changes are introduced .
Although overwhelming majorities voted in favor of membership in virtually all candidate countries where membership referendums have taken place , many people did not turn out to vote .
If those countries have been egoistic in the past fourteen years , why should candidates believe they would not misuse new decision-making mechanisms to the detriment of small countries -- hence the opposition of some candidate countries to creating the post of a European president .
So , at least in these three countries , the rise of post-fascist tendencies , nationalism , and political extremism may not be temporary , as in Central Europe , or remain the marginal phenomena witnessed recently in Western Europe .
The hope of EU membership gives mainstream Romanian politicians and the Romanian public strong incentives not to succumb to nationalist sentiments .
Beyond politics , there are vast differences among the economies of the new members , not only in terms of wealth , but also in their structures .
For the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Slovakia , close cooperation with Poland may not be the best way to protect their interests in the EU , as their interests and the interests of a big , self-confident Poland may not be identical .
Within months , if not weeks , of realizing the long-sought goal of European Union membership , a wave of political instability surged through Central Europe .
They were admitted to the EU only fifteen years after the fall of communism , and not all of them had previous experience with democracy .
This was partly because the EU was not as generous toward its newest members as it had been toward new members in the past .
Even the center-right Slovak government was not spared .
It took it upon itself not only to meet EU membership criteria , but also push forward with other painful reforms .
Perhaps surprisingly for many , such differences were not played out according to the expected script , in which the new members would be ruthlessly pragmatic , and demanding as much EU money as they could get , while most Western countries would in the end tone down their national egoism in favor of the decades-old ideals of European integration .
Viewed in strictly economic terms , it is not surprising that Great Britain would not give up its rebate , while France would reject attempts to cut farm subsidies .
For most of these countries , EU membership was not merely a ticket to economic prosperity , paid for by rich EU old-timers .
Perhaps understandably , most citizens of West European states -- accustomed to the political stability and economic prosperity of the last several decades -- do not want to give up the benefits that the European integration process has brought to them .
The French , for example , do not want to lose farm subsidies , just as they are not eager to give more money to the new members , whose reformed economies are taking away French jobs .
This is not to suggest , of course , that just because the EU can not agree on a budget or a constitution Europe is approaching yet another historical calamity .
But caution is in order , and the political elites of big national states , in particular , should ponder whether they are not overplaying their hands once again .
Although the collapse of the common currency area owing to political squabbles seems unlikely at this point , it can not be ruled out entirely .
Obviously , we also can not completely rule out the possibility of a subsequent weakening or disintegration of Europe 's common political structures .
By agreeing to significant compromises , the leaders of some new member states were , among other things , trying to show that rekindling strong national egoism in Europe is a dangerous , if not uncontrollable , game .
But this does not mean that China can do nothing to help Europe .
The EU should make it clear to Hamas that the Union is not going to finance terror and is not going to finance a refusal to make peace .
If the Palestinians want to have European help -- which I support completely -- it must be ready to make peace , not to break peace .
After all , it is not Hamas as a party that is objectionable ; what is objectionable are the politics and policies which Hamas pursues .
We have nothing against Hamas ; we are against their belligerent policies , which service in government has not changed .
Where we can not agree , however , is on a `` right of return '' for Palestinians .
This is a demographic , not a religious , question : an Arab state is where the Arabs are the majority , and the Jewish state is where the Jews are the majority .
The Palestinians ' current unity government resulted from Saudi mediation , which came in response mainly to Iran 's ambition to increase its influence , not only in Iraq , but also in Lebanon , Gaza , and the West Bank .
When a country 's president delivers crazy speeches , denies the Holocaust , and does not hide his ambition to control the Middle East , who can guarantee that the threat is not serious ?
The issue is not one of restoring nuclear `` balance '' to the Middle East , as Iran 's leaders maintain .
First of all , Israel does not threaten anybody .
On the contrary , Israel has said that it will not be the first to use nuclear weapons in the Middle East .
But that does not mean that we can afford to ignore an obvious threat from countries that want to destroy us .
But we can not reach that goal alone , much less negotiate with those whose idea of a stable and peaceful Middle East is one that has no place for Israel .
Credit mistakes are made during the boom , not during the crash , so the argument goes .
After all , it is the contagiousness of financial crises , not banks ' size , that matters .
Any list conjured up in 2006 of institutions that were `` too big to fail '' would not have included Northern Rock , Bradford & Bingley , IKB , Bear Sterns , or even Lehman Brothers .
In other words , they would not wrap themselves up in their institutions ' equity and the leveraged products they were selling .
The revealed preference of banks ' and bankers ' behavior is that they did not lend more because they thought they could get away with it , but because they thought it was safe .
The riskiest institutions were not the largest : firms like J. P. Morgan and HSBC proved safer than others , and neither sought nor needed state funding .
Big banks like the idea that regulation should care less about banks ' size and more about their riskiness , and so champion a `` risk-sensitive '' approach -- not least because they have the bigger risk-management operations and databases , so risk-sensitive regulation is more onerous for their smaller competitors .
What policymakers should therefore be looking for is regulation that makes the financial system less sensitive to error in markets ' estimation of risk , not more so .
There are many reasons why the market fails to correct systemic error , including that booms are always founded on a belief by both regulators and bankers that `` this time it is different . '' Let 's not forget the essays in central banks ' stability reports on how credit derivatives were benefiting the financial sector .
The lesson for regulators is simple : capacity for risk is related to the maturity of funding , not to what an institution is called .
But , aside from its revival , the Quartet should also widen its mandate to deal not only with the Israeli-Palestinian problem , but also with the Israeli-Syrian and Israeli-Lebanese conflicts .
This does not preclude individual initiatives on the part of the US administration in the Israeli-Palestinian arena .
Syria , however , can not be ignored , since it is capable of undermining attempts at reaching an Israeli-Palestinian track or stabilizing Lebanon .
These interests are not mutually exclusive and can be summarized as follows : Israel 's security , Palestinian statehood , Lebanon 's sovereignty and Syria 's territorial integrity .
However , the Bush administration 's priority in the region clearly remains Iraq , not the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
The EU must not , however , let US or Israeli lack of support thwart its efforts to devise a goal map that would be acceptable to all regional parties , or to push Syria onto a more constructive course by engaging it .
For Europeans , the NIE has not removed , but rather confirmed , the concerns that in 2003 prompted the EU-3 -LRB- Britain , France , and Germany -RRB- -- namely , that Iran 's nuclear program could eventually give it a military nuclear capability , and that even before that point , it might trigger regional nuclear proliferation .
Second , it should clearly communicate that the issue is proliferation , not the nature of the Iranian regime .
Politically , Ahmadinejad certainly would not miss the chance to exploit unilateral measures for propaganda purposes -- claiming that Iran has a conflict not with the international community , but with imperialist states intent on depriving his country of technological progress .
Iranians do not like to be isolated ; even the clerical elite has a strong interest in exchanges with the rest of the world , and they like to send their children to Western schools .
The election will not be entirely free , but the government will be unable to manipulate them entirely .
Such a policy can include additional Security Council sanctions , but it must also carry an offer of dialogue that pragmatic forces in Iran would not refuse .
But this should be the result of , not a precondition for , negotiations .
An honest offer of engagement would allow Ahmadinejad 's pragmatic opponents to show that it is Iran 's president and his controversial policies , not the West , that are at fault .
In talks with members of Iran 's policy community , I am continually astounded that they see resolving the nuclear conflict -LRB- or , indeed , other problems in which Iran has a stake -RRB- to be primarily the responsibility of the US , Europe , and other major powers , not of Iran .
Such passivity is not in Iran 's interest . As the Middle East 's essential regional player , Iran can trigger and heat up conflicts as well as contribute to their solution .
This would help depoliticize the issue . The right to independent nuclear research and development under the NPT is not disputed .
The willingness of major countries to accept Iran with a nuclear status similar to Japan depends on whether Iran not only refers to itself as a status-quo power -- which it occasionally does -- but whether it acts as such .
That is not a status-quo policy .
But it can not have it both ways , seeking guarantees against regime change at home , and promoting it in its neighborhood .
One conservative intellectual put it in almost Nietzschean terms : `` Yes , two million people took to the street after the elections . But they were voters , not fighters .
Ordinary people do not hide their contempt for the regime , but they also see that last year 's mass protests have failed .
The effects of the latest round of international sanctions on Iran are somewhat ambiguous : they have weakened the country , but they do not seem to have weakened Ahmadinejad .
But , while government officials do not deny that sanctions worry them , they point to Iran 's high foreign-currency reserves and the Iranians ' creativity in coping with the effects .
While Iran 's ruling elite appears to be divided over the prospect of a full-scale rapprochement with the US , they share this underlying fear of America and do not want their country to be isolated further .
Given this background , it is quite possible that this time Iranian domestic politics will not undermine a new agreement to swap Iranian LEU for fuel rods for the TRR .
Agreement on a LEU fuel swap would not resolve the nuclear dispute between Iran and the West , but it would open the door for a diplomatic process that could eventually reach the core of the problem -- Iran 's uranium enrichment and the risks of diversion for military purposes .
If the Istanbul talks go well , they could provide a road map for further negotiations , not only on the nuclear issue , but also on Afghanistan , the Middle East , and terrorism .
BERLIN -- The people of Tunisia and Egypt have shown that democracy in Arab countries need not come at the barrel of a Western gun .
But , while the drive for democratic change has been local and authentic , there is no guarantee of a successful political transition : democratically elected governments will have to address the same social and economic problems that contributed to the old regimes ' fall -- not least the need to create jobs and opportunities for the young .
This will be impossible without external support . Given the myriad links between the European Union countries and the Mediterranean 's southern rim , Europe must not miss this opportunity .
But such political-administrative support is not enough . Nor is a Marshall Plan-type program of grand investments sufficient .
This is not to discount the need for such projects ; the renewable-energy sector , in particular , holds enormous opportunities for cooperation .
Europe needs clean energy , and will not be able to produce enough on its own territory .
According to some optimistic studies , solar thermal power plants and wind farms in North Africa could not only boost economic growth there , but also provide more than 15 % of Europe 's electricity by 2050 .
They do not address today 's social or economic problems , nor do they signal a new society-oriented approach by Europe towards its Mediterranean neighbors .
Europe , while afraid of illegal migration , needs foreign labor for its own demographic reasons -- not least young engineers , technical staff , doctors , and health-care workers .
But these bodies must not be seen as substitutes for the far more comprehensive accession process , which only the EU itself can initiate .
That promise was not a matter of charity ; the Balkans would add value to the EU .
If not , one would have to ask what had happened to the European spirit of the 1970 's and 1980 's , when countries such as Greece , Portugal , and Spain , which had just emerged from dictatorship and civil unrest , were welcomed into the European community of democratic states .
George Santayana , the Spanish-American poet and philosopher , once warned that `` Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . '' This is especially true in the field of bridge building , where over the past 150 years dramatic failures have occurred at surprisingly regular intervals .
But things that work on a small scale do not necessarily work when slightly larger .
Whether there will be a major cable-stayed bridge failure soon - or around the year 2030 - will most likely depend not so much on computer analyses as on how well engineers know their history and are determined not to repeat it .
Amar Bhide suggested that commercial banks return to `` narrow banking . '' If they did that , they could not borrow at all .
Government initiatives to rebuild `` infrastructure '' -- to replace waning private investment with state investment in health care , climate control and energy conservation -- do not have that downside .
What governments ought to do is `` stimulate '' an innovative economy , not endless roads , wind energy and other building projects .
It is good to have a business sector in which shareowners are not prey to self-dealing CEOs .
It is bad to have fund managers that dump a company 's shares if it does not hit its earnings targets for the next quarter .
Hedge funds , venture capital firms that actually venture into new things , and recreated merchant banks are relatively well suited to make financial decisions that require judgment , the ability to engage the unknown , and to do so over a horizon not dictated by quarterly earnings .
The analysis acknowledges that , within a wide range , the market does a far better -LRB- though not perfect -RRB- job in setting prices than regulators could .
The process does not constitute a unified , reasoned debate so much as an ongoing political auction in which special interests seek votes for the policy change that will benefit them .
But high productivity is not the only element of high performance .
Less obviously , a country does not want misguided or pointless change ; it wants investments that appear to the financial sector as productive .
It is useful to know that there is vastly more to creating economic dynamism than private property ; and that high unemployment is not to be laid solely to labor market restrictions .
A high level of job protection is bad for productivity but does not have a clear effect on either employment rate or unemployment rate .
The corporatist structure by itself does not detract from performance .
This is precisely why Europe should be debating about the Continent 's real problems , not locking their economies into corporatism by enshrining the `` social market economy '' into the emerging EU constitution .
A flexible labor market , as many suggest , will not in itself promote inclusion .
Governments could afford the cost of the subsidies since cutting unemployment would not only lower public security costs , but would also reduce the need for welfare programs .
Economic recovery needs to begin as soon as possible , not only because this is essential to maintaining political and social stability , but also because donors are unwilling to support economic reconstruction unless countries do their part to create an environment conducive to ensuring its sustainability .
This policy has often led to programs that countries do not want and to employment of foreign experts for tasks that nationals could and should have performed .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
You see where this could easily go : if we push far enough , most of us do not actually know , in the Platonic sense , much of anything .
Socrates , Plato 's teacher , famously goaded the Athenian authorities by maintaining that he was wiser than the Oracle at Delphi , who claimed to be the wisest , because he , unlike most people -LRB- including the Athenian authorities -RRB- , knew that he did not know anything .
Of course , it may be that humanity has always been short on critical thinking . That 's why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars -LRB- not to mention actually dying in them -RRB- , or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with .
Linneaus invented the modern process of naming species in the mid-1700 's , although naming did not get under way until the peace following Napoleon Bonaparte 's defeat in 1815 .
A second adjustment is necessary because conservationists follow the principle that a species survives even if it is not recently recorded in its native habitat .
Moreover , our calculations are conservative , as they do not include extinctions caused by invasive species , the expansion of human technologies -LRB- such as the long-line fishing that harms many seabirds -RRB- , or global warming .
Indeed , we showed that aggressive conservation actions have reduced bird extinction rates over the last few decades to about 25 E\/MSY -- still very high , but down sharply from the 100 E\/MSY projected were conservation actions not in place .
Certainly , some other species also benefit from the protections that we afford birds , but many other species do not . Moreover , human actions threaten substantially higher proportions of other well-known groups -- such as flowering plants and amphibians .
Yet a third wall remains , less visible than the others but just as harmful , if not more so .
But we need this wall to tumble if we do not want to miss today 's revolution , which is delivering societies based on knowledge , technology , and information .
But why did farmers in Kenya and other African countries not have access to drought-resistant crop varieties before catastrophe struck ?
Unfortunately , Kenya 's government listened and did not permit their farmers to grow genetically modified -LRB- GM -RRB- maize , even though it has been approved , sown , harvested , and eaten by both humans and animals in South Africa , Argentina , Brazil , the United States , and other countries for many years .
Although Kenya has a well-functioning and well-funded agricultural research system , the government has not even permitted field tests of GM crop varieties .
Similarly , GM feed has not resulted in any illness or death in animals .
It is unusual that a new technology has no negative side effects . Just think of all the deaths that the wheel has caused , not to mention the side effects of much of the medicine we take .
First , `` genetic engineering can not solve the hunger and food insecurity problem . '' This is correct : GM foods can not singlehandedly solve the problem , but they can be an important part of the solution .
A second argument is that `` we do not know enough about the effects and side effects . '' Since some of the groups opposing GM organisms destroy the field trials that could give us more knowledge , a more pertinent argument might be that many opponents do not want us to know more .
Third , `` we should not play God . '' But if God gave us brains , it was so that we should use them to ensure a balance between people and nature to help eliminate hunger and protect the environment .
But private corporations undertake only about half of all agricultural research , whether or not it involves genetic engineering .
Results from such research would not be subject to private-sector monopoly power .
The problem with this saying is the paranoid mindset behind it , for it implies that the nature of Russian-US relations has not changed fundamentally since the Cold War 's end ; that the animosities that exist between the two countries are those of two permanently implacable geopolitical opponents .
The Kremlin appears to be seeking systematically to obstruct the US , even when obstruction does not seem to be in Russia 's national interest .
Thus , Russia sells high-technology weapons , including bombers , submarines , and perhaps an aircraft carrier , to China , which not only shares the world 's longest border with Russia , but also disputes parts of that border .
Not only is Russia building a civilian nuclear reactor in Iran , thereby helping to advance Iranian knowledge of the nuclear process ; it is also reluctant to support efforts by the United Nations Security Council to press Iran not to develop nuclear weapons .
Diplomatic obstruction is not the only means Russian elites use to foster antagonism with the US . They also seek to inflame domestic public opinion .
Whereas `` the Republicans ' actions are not aimed at us , '' but instead `` at Islamic terrorists and rogue states , '' under a Democratic president , Russia would likely `` become a prime focus of antagonism , due to our authoritarianism , our lack of democracy , stifling of freedom , and violation of human rights . ''
The problem with diplomatic paranoia is not that someone is after you , but that you are unable to tell the difference between a real enemy and an imagined one .
The Borgia Candidate for Russia 's Presidency In the latest interview given by Andrei Lugovoi , the man Great Britain wants Russia to extradite for poisoning the dissident Alexander Litvinenko with radioactive polonium , there was a remarkable moment that has not been fully appreciated .
`` Well , have you thought about a career in politics ? '' the interviewer asked . Unfortunately , the interviewer did not pursue the matter any further .
Perhaps surprisingly , Lugovoi seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots .
This should not , of course , be taken to mean that the patriots gushing over Lugovoi 's achievement concede the justice of the British allegations .
So why not choose a man like Lugovoi who truly represents what that elite stands for ?
But a new strategic alliance between the two countries is not likely , as it is China that poses the greatest strategic threat to Russia , although many in the Kremlin seem blind to this as they rattle sabers at America and the West .
According to Chinese theorists , the `` vital space '' of great powers extends far beyond a state 's borders , whereas the `` vital space '' of weak countries is limited to strategic boundaries that do not always correspond to the borders of their national territory .
While Beijing\/Shenyang exercise should have indicated to Russian leaders that China 's intentions toward Russia may not always be benign , Russia 's political and military leadership seem not to sense any threat ; on the contrary , they continue to sell the Chinese advanced weapons .
Thirty-six years ago , Richard Nixon and Mao Zedong turned world politics upside down , as both America and China realized that it was the Soviet Union , and not each other , that posed the greater threat .
The example posed by the Baltic nations does not threaten the Kremlin much , because they are perceived as foreign to the Russian psyche .
We still can not name its players , but we are aware of its interests and impact on events in the same way that astronomers discern a new but invisible planet by recording its impact on known and visible objects in space .
One after another , they have appeared on television and radio to denounce `` provokers , '' whom they dare not name , for `` planning the incursion of Russian troops all the way to Tbilisi and the establishment there of a pro-Russian government . ''
While the Russian army seems not to have engaged in any active measures since reaching its current positions , it pointedly remains within a half-hour of Tbilisi .
The line in the sand that President George W. Bush drew on the night of August 11 , warning against Russian air strikes on Tbilisi 's airport and shortly thereafter sending Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to visit Tbilisi , provoked a split in the Kremlin . The split divides those who are and are not concerned about the fate of Russian elites ' vast personal holdings in the West .
I can not predict who will win this growing confrontation .
It would not be difficult for them to convince ordinary Russians , who have already been primed by today 's xenophobic propaganda , that Tbilisi , Sevastopol , Astana , and Tallinn belong to Russia and should be taken by force .
But it is not immediately obvious whether it is Schroeder licking Putin 's boots nowadays or vice versa .
Like Schroeder , all these people are not economically disinterested .
This is not his area of specialization .
No doubt Kissinger believes every word he wrote , but his ideas also honestly articulate the aspirations of his customers . It 's just that not all customers have the same motives .
They have good reason to be worried -- and not only for the safety of athletes and spectators .
It should surprise no one that the Chechens , and other peoples of the Caucasus , do not feel very Russian .
Ostensibly , he is an appointee of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , but in reality he is virtually independent of the Kremlin , which pays him substantial financial support , not only for his formal declaration of loyalty , but also for his public embrace of Putin .
The irony is that , like the Kremlin and its allies , the Islamists do not want to separate .
That is not likely to happen .
The day after Medvedev 's departure from Vladikavkaz , terrorists blew up the ski lifts at the resort in Nalchik , not far from Sochi , where , for Russia , much more than winning medals will be at stake in 2014 .
What is new today is that , not only individual governments but international organizations , are embracing the idea of strengthening legal structures so as to improve the globe 's international financial architecture .
In many cases , however , these imported laws were ignored , selectively enforced , or were complied with only in form , not substance .
Still , not all transplants fail .
Perhaps the effectiveness of legal institutions in developing countries and emerging markets is not the only goal .
Investors need to take account of the effectiveness of domestic legal institutions , not just the laws on the books .
As the push to transplant legal norms grows , international agencies should focus on helping countries make their laws effective in practice , not just on paper .
Before the Busan meeting , United States Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner warned against `` a generalized , undifferentiated move to pull forward consolidation plans , '' and emphasized the need to `` proceed in step with the strengthening of the private-sector recovery . '' But the other finance ministers did not echo Geithner 's warnings .
But this can work only as long as the US does not follow suit and continues to serve as consumer of last resort .
This may not happen .
It is only because the EU is fragmented , so markets started off by questioning the solvency of the weakest countries within it , and because Europe does not benefit from a safe-haven effect that it was the first to suffer the pressure .
Fortunately , the public-finance situation is entirely different in the developing world , which in some cases has been hit by capital-flow reversals stemming from the collapse of world trade , but does not face an internal adjustment challenge .
As a result , domestic non-financial sectors do not face the prospect of deleveraging .
Whatever the emerging world does to sustain domestic demand and reorient exports from advanced countries to other emerging countries , the European and US elephants -LRB- not to mention Japan -RRB- are just too big for their illness to have no effect on world growth .
This will inevitably make fixed exchange-rate links crack under pressure as the same monetary policy can not possibly be appropriate for both regions .
Investors now recognize that they did not really understand what these bonds represented -- that is , the institutional construct behind the European currency .
And if the global financial crisis has taught us anything , it is this : when you do not understand a financial product , you should not buy it .
Similarly , when a state such as Michigan is hit by recession in its key economic sector -LRB- the auto industry -RRB- , Washington collects less federal tax but maintains -- if not increases -- local spending , which partially offsets the shock to state income .
No one , not even die-hard European integrationists , imagines that it can reach 5 % of GDP -LRB- it is more likely to decrease -RRB- .
The goal is not to absorb shocks but to reduce income gaps across regions .
Europe , in this respect , is not qualitatively different from the US .
Germans , who since reunification in 1990 know what they are talking about when it comes to such transfers , do not want to hear about a Europe where rich regions would permanently finance pockets of under-development .
They are not alone in this .
In Germany , many consider the EFSF a breach of the fundamental principle that EU governments can not be bailed-out by their partners .
According to computations by the economist Paul van den Noord , the net result of the 1937 budget was a fiscal contraction amounting to three percentage points of GDP -- certainly not a trivial amount .
Although fiscal policy was not the only cause of the double dip , ill-timed retrenchment certainly contributed to it .
The 1930 's are relevant here as well , given another series of defaults among European states , not least Germany .
What history tells us here is that defaults are not the privilege of poor , under-governed countries .
After all , British public debt exceeded 250 % of GDP in the aftermath of World War II , and Britain did not default .
But an important insight from history is that unsustainable fiscal policies are more likely to result in defaults when fiscal problems can not be inflated away .
According to the true doomsayers , who believe that most , if not all , of the shock will have a permanent impact on output , the total loss could be two or three times higher .
Assume that , absent adequate preventive measures , a crisis costing one year of world GDP occurs every 50 years -LRB- a rough but not unreasonable assumption -RRB- .
Moreover , the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock , which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail -- or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform .
To lower growth by this magnitude at a time when the private sector has not yet completed its deleveraging cycle -- and governments are starting their own -- is to risk a prolonged period of near-stagnation , which could turn crisis-induced unemployment into structural unemployment .
Second , the existence and magnitude of transition costs means that not everything that reduces the probability of financial crises is worth undertaking .
But that does n't mean that reform should not be as cost-effective as possible .
But , even when they are not in danger of losing access to the bond market , most governments in the developed world nowadays anxiously await the pronouncements of the same rating agencies that they were recently vilifying .
Whether deliberately or not , regulators seem to have missed their chance to implement serious changes to the rules of global finance , and governments are now so weakened that they are at the mercy of those who , not long ago , were begging them for help .
Nevertheless , while no one is proclaiming , `` mission accomplished , '' it is not true that nothing has been done to reform finance .
It did not aim to domesticate global finance , and it was not based on a thorough analysis of the crisis .
Indeed , in pausing to reflect , governments have not missed the political opportunity to be tough , nor have financial markets regained the upper hand .
True , the balance of power certainly is not what it was two years ago .
But it is not self-evident that governments ' ability to regulate has been seriously harmed by their status as borrowers .
And , if governments ' dependence on bond markets ' willingness to lend has not rendered them unable to reform financial regulation , this is all the more true for the EU and the G-20 .
Just as we have learned to distinguish between governments as shareholders and as regulators -- which must be done carefully , because the actions of one do not necessarily coincide with the interests of the other -- today we must distinguish between governments as borrowers and as financial regulators .
The history books are not yet written , nor the victor declared .
But even the ECB can not be indifferent to the risks of appreciation , because a strong euro may seriously complicate economic adjustment in countries like Spain , Portugal , Greece , and Ireland .
A world in which every country wants a weaker exchange rate is not without precedent .
But everyone can not have a weak currency at the same time , so , in 1944 , responsibility for preventing beggar-thy-neighbor depreciation was assigned to the International Monetary Fund , whose Articles of Agreement mandate it to `` exercise firm surveillance over the exchange-rate policies '' of member countries .
Both have suffered from the crisis , but not in the same way .
Emerging countries , however , do not need any consolidation to keep their debt ratio at 40 % of GDP .
For each central bank , the question is not what happens to , say , emerging countries as a whole , but what happens to its own currency vis-à-vis competitors .
QE is a legitimate monetary-policy instrument , but the Fed and the Bank of England would probably not embrace it with such enthusiasm were it not for the anticipated exchange-rate depreciation .
Moreover , the lack of coordination in both advanced and emerging countries suggests that the solution to currency wars is not to declare a truce , but to recognize the nature of the issue and overcome the problems that stand in the way of agreed common solutions .
This is not to say that the renminbi 's exchange rate is a secondary issue .
The IMF can not substitute for governments ' choices . But it can help the search for a solution .
BRUSSELS -- If French President Nicolas Sarkozy had written the prologue to his presidency of the G-20 , which has just commenced , he could not have done better .
Emerging countries hold a similar opinion : they want their current problems to be solved but are not ready to re-write the rules of the game .
Japan is keen , but its views on regional monetary cooperation do not match China 's .
When the rules of the global monetary game are unclear , inadequate , or obsolete , countries can not abide by them , and some may attempt to exploit them to their own advantage .
The touchstone is currently the renminbi -- not so much because of China 's bilateral relationship with the US , but because other emerging and developing countries monitor the renminbi-dollar exchange rate in setting their own policy .
China knows that the current situation is not sustainable , but it remains reluctant to move aggressively to let the renminbi strengthen .
With floating exchange rates , it is not .
This is the International Monetary Fund 's role , but the IMF 's mandate is just that -- surveillance , not enforcement . It is also the G-20 's role , but neither the US nor the emerging countries are keen on collective constraints .
This was not an issue in the disinflationary environment of the last decade , but it is becoming more of one , which is probably what prompted World Bank President Robert Zoellick 's proposal to restore a role for gold .
America 's response shows , however , that integration can not be viewed as a one-way street .
As a result , ethnicity began to be weighed as a positive factor not only in university admissions , but also in public procurement decisions , credit facilities for small enterprises , and government hiring .
The rational for affirmative action in those early years was the fact that , after a long history of systemic injustice , merely outlawing discrimination based on race or gender would not ensure equal opportunity for all .
Such programs are often viewed as contradicting a basic American value , namely that admissions , lending , and hiring decisions should be based on the merits of the individual , not group distinctions .
What America 's affirmative action programs may not do is set quotas for minorities , as this prevents competition between different groups .
France does have affirmative action programs , but they address poverty , not ethnicity .
If European politicians are serious about preventing a schism between population groups , affirmative action is essential -- not only at the workplace , but also for small business loans , home loans , public procurement , and school admissions .
But this year 's 7 % growth rate , which puts Brazil nearly on par with China and India , can not be sustained , as it exceeds potential growth by a wide margin .
But , even if Brazil can not keep growing as fast as China , it still looks likely to race ahead .
In the short term , however , financing should not be a problem : foreign-exchange reserves have reached more than $ 250 billion ; foreign direct investment , which has fallen elsewhere , still looks promising .
But popularity has so far not spelled populism , at least to the degree that future social and economic development is jeopardized .
But one day it might , if the new government does not reverse recent trends .
Nordea tried to get the deposit guarantee rules changed to create a level playing field in which a cross-border merger would not distort competition between banks .
This would not spell the end of national supervisors , as many national FSAs would likely work as partners of the European supervisor .
The crisis in morale among today 's medical scientists stems not from money problems , nor from the stage of development of their fields , nor from the level of research that is being conducted , but from these scientists ' failure to form themselves into proper , humane communities .
The problem is not that science and medicine wish to avoid finding cures ; it is that they are too strongly motivated by an irrational , unconscious need to cure death to be fully motivated by the lesser task of preventing and curing disease in order to delay their patients ' -- and their own -- inevitable ends .
But these promises are not sustainable .
A humane version of the biomedical sciences would , for instance , acknowledge that it is not about to transcend the limits of the human body , and so it would no longer make promises that it can not keep .
Beyond that , a science that acknowledges an unconscious component in its operations , if not in its methodology , will best serve its practitioners as human beings , as well as being most likely to generate lasting value for the rest of us .
Such a change can not happen unless scientists themselves first take the time to consider the consequences of their own behavior toward each other .
Professors do not deserve the title unless they are willing to take the time and make the effort to openly affirm something beyond their data .
Affirmations and vows are not data-dependent ; they are matters of the heart .
Likewise , all yellows find Thaksin 's misrule intolerable , but not all are fanatical royalists .
Of course , Thaksin 's legacy of corruption and of a pandering populism must be rejected , but the profound awakening of the Thai electorate that did occur , almost accidentally , during his premiership needs to be built upon , not suppressed .
Thailand needs elections that are not subverted by judicial decisions .
Unless good-faith efforts at compromise are shown by all sides , Thailand will not retake its rightful place among the world 's up-and-coming democracies .
In its 9-to-3 verdict , the ICJ ruled that Cambodia 's map , drawn up by French surveyors in 1904-1907 , put the temple area in Cambodia , and that Thailand -LRB- known as Siam until 1939 -RRB- had not objected previously .
Until recently , the overlapping claims on the 4.6 square kilometers were not a serious issue .
It was a blow not only to Indonesia as the chair of Association of Southeast Asian Nations this year , but also to ASEAN itself , particularly given the organization 's quest to become an ASEAN Community by 2015 .
If ASEAN is not allowed a mediating role , the Thai-Cambodian spat may wind its way back to the United Nations Security Council , which earlier delegated the issue to ASEAN amidst heavy lobbying by Cambodia and Thailand .
The return to power of Pheu Thai is extraordinary -- and not only because Yingluck will be Thailand 's first female prime minister .
This should not be a surprise , because the tumultuous Gorbachev and Yeltsin eras left the country exhausted .
The first question that any would-be Russian reformer should ask nowadays -LRB- and which we did not ask during Gorbachev 's perestroika -RRB- is the following , is society prepared to endure the short-term pains of reforms , and how willing it is to endure the pain ?
When they entrusted him with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly , the Bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly , because they knew Stalin as a person who would not stop at anything .
Perestroika was different , because debate had not ended ; indeed , countless debates were raging about what Gorbachev should do .
We are not moving toward a choice reached after countless discussions .
After two decades of earthshaking change , Russia has still not had a real program of constructive reform .
But it was done using slogans , not a program of change that ordinary Russians could understand and embrace .
All we have are endless arguments , not practical alternatives to discuss and decide upon .
We must recognize that and understand that it emerges not only when the public is apathetic or frightened , but also when there is no apparent stable advanced guard , such as powerful political parties , which choose the leaders and control them .
Yet it also can not reduce reform to a nullity in order to ingratiate itself with the masses .
Great as the death toll , physical and emotional suffering of survivors , and property damage caused by the tsunami were , even greater losses could be inflicted by other disasters of low -LRB- but not negligible -RRB- , or unknown , probability .
The probability of catastrophes , whether intentional or not , resulting from human activity appears to be increasing because of the rapidity and direction of technological advances .
The fact that a catastrophe is unlikely to occur is not a rational justification for ignoring the risk of its occurrence .
At the current rate , NASA may not complete the task for another decade , even though such mapping is the key to an asteroid defense because it may give us years of warning .
The fact that a disaster of a particular type has not occurred recently or even within human memory -LRB- or even ever -RRB- is a bad reason to ignore it .
As the December 18 presidential elections approach , the front-runners could not look much different from one another .
Workable solutions will lie not in ideology but rather in capitalizing on what the nation has to offer to the global economy : its stock of pristine ecology .
Market exchange rates are not a good indicator of these differences , because they can fluctuate for other reasons .
But size is not all that matters .
But the degree of undervaluation is not the point .
But even $ 0.70 for every $ 100 is still not a lot with which to confront one of the great moral problems of our age .
If extreme poverty is allowed to increase , it will give rise to new problems , including new diseases that will spread from countries that can not provide adequate health care to those that can .
Poverty will lead to more migrants seeking to move , whether legally or not , to rich nations .
That is not a good basis for future cooperation between rich and poor countries on issues such as climate change .
Speaking on behalf of the European Union , a German spokesperson rejected the concept of `` defamation of religion '' as not valid in a human rights context , because human rights belonged to individuals , not to institutions or religions .
While attempts to stir up hatred against adherents of a religion , or to incite violence against them , may legitimately be suppressed , criticism of religion as such should not be .
By contrast , suppressing the freedom of speech of Islam 's critics merely gives rise to the suspicion that evidence and sound argument can not show their arguments to be mistaken .
According to the court , Germany 's laws on freedom of speech did not protect PETA 's campaign , because to make `` the fate of the victims of the Holocaust appear banal and trivial '' was an offense against human dignity .
PETA was , of course , not arguing that Holocaust victims ' fate was banal or trivial .
Irrespective of the merits of PETA 's campaign , however , those who stood up for free speech at the UN Human Rights Council should be able to see that the fact that some forms of speech cause offense is not sufficient reason to censor them .
If PETA is not allowed to state its case against our abuse of animals in the way that they judge best , because doing so might offend some people , then criticism of religion could also be prohibited on the same grounds .
If , on the other hand , a religion 's adherents have no right to protection against criticism of their religion , then , even in Germany , Holocaust victims and their descendants -LRB- I am one -RRB- should not be protected against advertising campaigns that , though not intended to incite hatred or violence , may cause them offense .
But , at the same time , our greater knowledge surely forces us to acknowledge that our place in the universe is not particularly significant .
He thought that it was important to confront the fact of our insignificant place in the universe , because he did not want us to live under the illusory comfort of a belief that somehow the world had been created for our sake , and that we are under the benevolent care of an all-powerful creator .
`` Dreams and Facts '' concludes with these stirring words : `` No man is liberated from fear who dare not see his place in the world as it is ; no man can achieve the greatness of which he is capable until he has allowed himself to see his own littleness . ''
After World War II , when the world was divided into nuclear-armed camps threatening each other with mutual destruction , Russell did not take the view that our insignificance , when considered against the vastness of the universe , meant that the end of life on Earth did not matter . On the contrary , he made nuclear disarmament the chief focus of his political activity for the remainder of his life .
Perhaps one day we will find that we are not the only intelligent beings in the universe , and perhaps we will be able to discuss issues of interspecies ethics with such beings .
This brings us back to Kant 's other object of reverence and awe , the moral law within . What would beings with a completely different evolutionary origin from us -- perhaps not even carbon-based life forms -- think of our moral law ?
But , while the global financial crisis did reveal fraud on a massive scale , the underlying cause of the crisis was not fraud but the failure of the market to knit together the self-interest of those who sold and resold sub-prime mortgages with the interests of the investors in financial institutions that bought them .
The fact that an even larger catastrophe would have resulted had governments not been willing to draw on taxpayer funds to bail out the banks was an additional blow to those who have told us to trust the unregulated market .
It is hard to see what good would come from not allowing him to complete his rehabilitation and return to doing what he does best .
The question of remorse has not arisen , because Megrahi has never admitted guilt , and did not drop an appeal against his conviction until just before his release .
Only the prison doctor , it seems , was prepared to say that he did not have more than three months to live , while four specialists refused to say how long he might have .
`` The quality of mercy is not strained '' -- that is , constrained , or obligatory -- she tells Shylock , but rather something that falls freely , like rain .
MacAskill acknowledged that Megrahi himself showed no compassion , but rightly points out that this alone is not a reason to deny him compassion in his final days .
And , if we believe that Megrahi was not sufficiently punished for his crime , what are we to make of the treatment of former Lieutenant William Calley ?
Captain Ernest Medina , his commanding officer , ordered him to burn the village down and pollute its wells , but there is no clear evidence that the order included killing non-combatants -- and of course if such an order were issued , it should not have been obeyed . -LRB- Medina was acquitted of murder . -RRB-
After decades of refusing to speak publicly , Calley , who is now 66 , recently said that `` not a day goes by '' when he does not feel remorse `` for what happened that day in My Lai . '' One wonders if the relatives of those murdered at My Lai are more ready to forgive Calley than the relatives of those killed at Lockerbie are to forgive Megrahi .
The name comes from the number of parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that , according to Jim Hansen , perhaps the world 's leading climate scientist , we should not exceed if we are to avoid potentially catastrophic climate change .
The money that developing countries would receive for this would not be aid , but rather a recognition that the rich nations must pay for something that in the past they simply appropriated : far more than their fair share of our atmosphere 's capacity to absorb our waste gases .
As Sri Lanka 's government pointed out , `` That means low-emitting countries like us could not emit more because our space has already been exploited by developed or global heavy polluting countries without our consent . ''
Many political leaders have expressed support for strong action on climate change , but what most of them regard as `` strong action '' will not be enough to get us back below 350 ppm .
People living in other industrialized countries find this difficult to understand . They have a right to health care , and even conservative governments do not attempt to take that right away .
While some of that is spent in the hope that the patient will have many years to live , it is not unusual for hospitals to provide treatments costing tens of thousands of dollars to patients who have no hope of living more than a week or two -- and often under sedation or barely conscious .
So , for example , patients close to death are resuscitated , against the doctor 's better judgment , because they have not specifically stated that they do not want to be resuscitated in such circumstances .
Development costs of $ 800 million are not unusual for a drug , and we can expect to see more of a new type of drug -- biopharmaceuticals made from living cells -- which cost even more .
In countries that provide free health care to their citizens , it is extraordinarily difficult for officials to tell anyone that the government will not pay for the only drug or medical device that can save their life -- or their child 's life .
The World Health Organization estimates that its immunization programs in developing countries cost about $ 300 per life saved -- lives that are saved not for a year , but usually for a lifetime .
The distinction between the two types of suicide bombers is not always stark .
But this does not mean that they should be dealt with in the same way .
Israeli Apache and Cobra gunships armed with Hellfire missiles regularly hit their targets from great distances , as do F-16 fighter jets armed with laser-guided munitions , but not without frequent `` collateral damage '' to innocent civilians .
Now comes the supposed news that the Himalayan glaciers are not , in fact , retreating , and will therefore not disappear by 2035 .
Hasnain , who is currently conducting a study of the accumulation of black carbon on snow at high altitudes in the Himalayas , is not some egotistical scientist seeking the limelight .
Hasnain made his remark to the New Scientist in 1999 , only five years after the retreat had reached its peak and only two to three years after the slowdown began -- far too soon to say that the trend had changed . The IPCC 's use of his remark may have been rash , but was not misleading because in 2003-2004 , the year before it finalized its fourth report , the changed trend would have been barely perceptible
The Himalayan glaciers have not stopped losing mass , although they are losing it at a somewhat slower rate than before .
What needs to be explored is not the validity of the secular trend , but the nature of the local influences working against it .
By rushing to apologize for a statement they clearly did not understand , British Secretary for Energy and Climate Change Ed Miliband and others have impugned not only the honesty of scientists like Hasnain , but also the credibility of science itself .
Moreover , given that transaction costs often take a big slice of remittances , aid mechanisms could be used to create safe and cheap channels for financial flows , especially where private money can not easily reach remote rural areas , as is often the case in Africa or Asia .
Now that the UN inspection teams are in Iraq , and as the December 8 deadline approaches for Iraq to declare all its weapons of mass destruction and the facilities for producing them , the world must reckon with a hard question : what is to be done if Saddam Hussein does not obey the Security Council resolution on his weapons of mass destruction ?
There is a chance that the Iraqi president will comply , but the Council promised `` serious consequences '' if he does not .
First , the fighting itself may not be the cakewalk that some assert .
Brainwashed Iraqi forces , and a regime complicit at every level in Saddam 's crimes , would be fighting not to hang on to a conquest -LRB- as in the Gulf War of 1991 -RRB- but to defend their homeland .
Explicit UN support for invasion might ease some of these risks , but it would not remove them .
He is weaker militarily now than then , he can not hit the US directly , and he must know that fresh aggression would bring the house down upon him .
Saddam Hussein heads a state , not a shadowy terrorist outfit .
Deterrence - which works by basic human nature , not through some arcane construct peculiar to the Cold War - can be brought to bear here .
The third reason for acting against Saddam is cogent : that his defiance of the Security Council since 1991 can not be allowed to stand .
We should not forswear that option , but we ought to consider others , not least because the Security Council - whose backing will be politically if not legally crucial - may never support invasion .
Such a course would not please those whose underlying desire is regime change , not disarmament or punishment .
To throw away that achievement would impose costs not confined to the present episode .
Dealing with Saddam does not need , and is not worth , a full-scale war .
If bankers know in advance that insolvent banks will be closed , and that lobbying to keep them open will not work , they will take fewer risks and the likelihood of their activities giving rise to a full-blown banking crisis will be reduced .
But when politicians become directly involved in regulation , ad hoc decisions often result , and powerful or well-connected bankers often discover that the rules , as if by magic , do not apply to them .
However , independence for regulatory agencies should not mean the absence of any democratic oversight whatsoever .
A peaceful `` Rose revolution '' brought this about , but economics , not politics , will determine whether Georgia prospers or endures another lost decade .
The oil and gas pipelines are transport conduits , not real employers .
Moreover , Georgia 's reward for providing a strategic export route to the West for Azeri oil was not dollars , but a diplomatic insurance policy - i.e. , Western , especially US , concern for the safety of the pipelines .
Finally , the monopolistic domestic energy sector must be regulated in fact , not just on paper .
If this problem is not resolved , foreign investors , let alone tourists , will continue to view Georgia as unstable and stay away .
America once again must participate in nation building , and it can not do so on the cheap .
Georgia simply does not , and can not , collect sufficient taxes to do the job itself .
To some donors , Georgia might not seem to be worth the cost .
The `` Rose Revolution '' must not be permitted to die on the vine .
Fortunately , there is no sign yet -LRB- not even on the horizon -RRB- of a charismatic leader capable of forging the scattered energies of national-socialist grievances into a critical mass of hatred and `` national revival . ''
It might be some sort of `` democratic nationalist revolution '' -- spontaneous , and not made by any one political party but by a popular mass movement .
The end result might not be optimal , but if the Bush administration overplays its hand , it could find itself partnerless in Pakistan .
While it can not be scientifically proven -LRB- or disproven , for that matter -RRB- that global warming caused any particular extreme event , we can say that global warming very likely makes many kinds of extreme weather both more frequent and more severe .
Looking only at individual extreme events will not reveal their cause , just like watching a few scenes from a movie does not reveal the plot .
Drought risk also increases with warming : even where rainfall does not decline , increased evaporation dries out the soils .
The problem is that a reduction in those extremes to which we are already well-adapted provides only modest benefits , whereas the new extremes to which we are not adapted can be devastating , as recent events in Pakistan show .
Most of my fellow male faculty members are not muscle-bound , testosterone-driven types , but in their scientific careers , they display two types of typically male behavior .
Most are bright , creative , and productive in their own right , but they do not seek desperately to dissociate themselves from him , establish their own little fiefdoms elsewhere , and beat him at his own game .
Unfortunately , one of the unwritten laws of academia -- unquestioned by the committee on which I serve -- is that a candidate who does not seek and grasp the holy grail of `` independence '' is not qualified to be promoted .
Almost every time a woman candidate comes up before the committee , her `` independence '' is questioned in a way that is irrelevant , if not insulting .
In most cases , the women are as smart as the men , if not smarter .
This would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of women and men -- and a deeper appreciation that the male paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science .
Which intervention policies are legitimate , and which are not ?
The portion of capital inflows that is not re-exported represents net capital inflows .
So , one reason countries do not like capital inflows is that it means more domestic demand `` leaks '' outside .
Another reason that countries do not like foreign capital inflows is that some of it might be `` hot '' -LRB- or dumb -RRB- money , eager to come in when foreign interest rates are low and local asset prices are rising , and quick to leave at the first sign of trouble or when opportunities back home beckon .
If countries could maintain discipline and limit spending by their households , firms , or governments , foreign capital would not be needed , and could be re-exported easily , without much effect on the recipient economy .
Problems arise when countries can not -- or will not -- spend sensibly .
Unfortunately , though , so long as some countries like China , Germany , Japan , and the oil exporters pump surplus goods into the world economy , not all countries can trim their spending to stay within their means .
Since the world does not export to Mars , some countries have to absorb these goods , and accept the capital inflows that finance their consumption .
China 's exchange-rate intervention probably hurts a number of other emerging-market exporters that do not intervene as much and are less competitive as a result .
The US dollar would fall substantially -- encouraging greater exports -- were it not for the fact that foreign central banks are pushing much of that capital right back by buying US government securities .
Typically , the two are equal , and , if not , powerful forces push them towards each other .
The Federal Reserve is of a similar mind , not only maintaining rock-bottom short-term interest rates , but also embarking on an adventurous policy targeting long-term rates .
Why have these policies not worked thus far in bringing down unemployment , even though the growth recovery is well under way ?
The progressive economist says that stimulus worked , staving off a much deeper recession -- if not worse -- but that the measures were too timid to generate a robust recovery .
The regulatory uncertainty created in areas such as health care makes it difficult not only for the health-care industry to make long-term investment decisions , but also for businesses to make long-term hires .
Regardless of what the right explanation is , the history of recent recessions suggests that we should not be surprised that the job recovery is taking time .
The unemployed comprise not only construction workers , but also ancillary workers , such as real-estate brokers and bankers , as well as all those who work on houses , such as plumbers and electricians .
In other words , were it not for construction , the US unemployment rate would be 6.5 % -- a far healthier situation than today .
It is not true that we academics did not have useful models to explain what happened .
Yet , somehow , we did not bring all this understanding to bear and collectively shout our warnings .
The theory does not say that markets can not plummet if the news is bad , or if investors become risk-averse .
We can not point to a lonely Cassandra like Robert Shiller of Yale University , who regularly argued that house prices were unsustainable , as proof that the truth was ignored .
There are enough instances of possible bias that the issue can not be ignored .
But I believe that corruption is not the main reason that the profession missed the crisis .
Like medicine , economics has become highly compartmentalized -- macroeconomists typically do not pay attention to what financial economists or real-estate economists study , and vice versa .
While there may be some factors that signal turning points -- a run-up in short-term leverage and asset prices , for example , often presages a bust -- they are not infallible predictors of trouble to come .
If so , the true reason why academics missed the crisis could be far more mundane than inadequate models , ideological blindness , or corruption , and thus far more worrisome ; many simply were not paying attention !
CHICAGO -- Democratic governments are not incentivized to take decisions that have short-term costs but produce long-term gains , the typical pattern for any investment .
The debate does not lead to agreement , moderate voters do not know what to believe , and policy choices ultimately follow the path of least resistance -- until they run into a brick wall .
Even if inaction -LRB- or action oriented towards the longer term -RRB- is the best policy , it is not an option for democratically elected politicians , whom voters expect to govern , which inevitably means action with the potential for quick results .
Democracies are necessarily softhearted , whereas markets are not ; government action has expanded to fill the gap .
All three were tried during the Great Depression of the 1930 's . The results were not encouraging .
The US is not alone in having a discredited government .
Economic recovery is all about jobs , not output , and politicians are willing to push for economic stimulus , both fiscal -LRB- tax cuts or government spending -RRB- and monetary -LRB- lower short-term interest rates -RRB- , until jobs start reappearing .
Moreover , even if corporations in the US are not hiring , corporations elsewhere are .
Brazil 's unemployment rate , for example , is at lows not seen for decades .
If the Fed were to accept the responsibilities of its de facto role as the world 's central banker , it would have to admit that its policy rates are not conducive to stable world growth .
Politicians will not sit quietly , however , if the Fed attempts to raise rates .
Moreover , any change will require years to take effect , and therefore will not address the electorate 's current anxiety .
We have long understood that it is not income that matters , but consumption .
Why did the US not follow the more direct path of redistribution , of taxing or borrowing and spending on the anxious middle class ?
The problem , as often is the case with government policies , was not intent .
This is not , of course , the first time in history that credit expansion has been used to assuage the concerns of a group that is being left behind , nor will it be the last .
In fact , one does not even need to look outside the US for examples .
And the problems are not solved with a financial regulatory bill entrusting more powers to those regulators .
If not , what should the world do to reduce the need for them ?
The key point is that fundamental economic decisions should not be affected by the ownership of additional foreign oil assets .
Even if owning oil assets is a useful hedge -LRB- as in a small , oil-consuming country -RRB- , it is not clear that buying stakes in opaque companies in foreign countries is the best strategy .
Even if the foreign company does not start squeezing out its minority owners , its government will be tempted to expropriate foreign owners through windfall taxes -LRB- if the government is sophisticated -RRB- or nationalization -LRB- if it is unsophisticated -RRB- -- especially if its voters feel , with the benefit of hindsight and populist incitement , that the assets were sold too cheaply .
But perhaps what countries really fear is not so much high prices but a total market breakdown and descent into an autarkic `` Mad Max '' world in which oil is scarce , no country is willing to allow trade in the oil it produces , and there is no world market clearing price .
Indeed , one can imagine black marketeers and smugglers buying where grain is available and transporting it to sell to countries where it is not .
International agreement to ensure that countries do not prohibit exports , especially of critical commodities , except under severely -LRB- and verifiably -RRB- adverse domestic circumstances , would help reduce fear of market breakdown .
Unlike hunger or land mines , the cause of rectifying global trade imbalances will not touch the public enough to attract the donations that are necessary to keep NGOs afloat .
If the IMF reoriented a substantial portion of its activities towards influencing the influential among the world 's public , it could have far more impact on global macroeconomic policy , especially policies followed by countries that do not need its loans , than it does today .
If we can make these changes -- and one should not minimize the scale of the task -- perhaps when G-20 leaders meet in the future , they will not think that their citizens have little interest in the outcome .
When it does , it will also have to face the fact that the current distribution of economic power in Iraq is not conducive to democracy or markets , and that outside interim administrations tend to make matters worse .
Hugo Chavez 's government faced a widespread opposition strike , whose intent was not only to demonstrate popular opposition , but also to starve the government of revenue .
Without revenue , such a government can not pay the army or thugs who keep it in power .
When people do not fear that a rapacious government will expropriate their wealth , and when an elite that owes its success to the government does not determine market rules , opportunities percolate to everyone .
Japan was perhaps easier to transform because it did not have an abundance of easily extractable natural resources . But land holdings were concentrated and a few large combines called `` Zaibatsus '' held industrial power .
But MacArthur did not have enough time to finish the job .
Even if the government-owned oil industry is broken up and privatized , whether to foreigners or not , there is no guarantee that a future government can not regain control .
All this will not happen overnight . Economic institutions must be built , repaired and strengthened .
For example , before 1980 no member of today 's European Union , except France and Sweden , had an anti-insider trading law -- and in Sweden the law , although introduced in 1971 , was not enforced for the first time until 1990 .
But financial systems do not emerge as a result of their superiority in a particular environment .
The question is not whether Europe should move toward a market-based financial system . The real question is whether Europe retains the political will to continue to do so , and whether EU countries can strengthen the institutions necessary to reap the full benefits of financial markets .
From Oil to Information Sheikh Yamani , Saudi Arabia 's former oil minister and a founding architect of OPEC , once said , `` The stone age came to an end not for a lack of stones , and the oil age will end , but not for a lack of oil . ''
More importantly , they could not have won even if they had invested in petroleum , foodstuffs , sugar , coffee , cotton , wool , minerals , or phosphates : all of these commodities had become cheaper .
So , if oil substitutes are not easily available , modern societies should focus on the sources of demand , most of which is attributable to the transport sector .
If they do , the age of oil will not end . But the age of worrying about it just might .
In 2002 , its inspectors revealed North Korea 's cheating , prompting UN sanctions . -LRB- Unfortunately , this did not halt the country 's subsequent withdrawal from the NPT . -RRB-
In early 2003 , its onsite presence in Iraq established that Saddam did not have a nuclear weapons program , contrary to the Bush administration 's representations .
Without authority to enforce safe practices , the IAEA can not better assure nuclear safety in these or other countries .
But it would not obstruct serious health consequences from other radioactive elements .
And , depending on weather and the nuclear discharge , the radioactive consequences may not remain localized .
So , if Israel can not guarantee the plant 's defense against attack , it should close it .
Until the Middle East resolves its political differences , it may not .
One fact is not in doubt : the NPT is the legal linchpin for the nuclear nonproliferation regime now signed and ratified by all but three nations -- India , Pakistan , and Israel -- and one drop-out , North Korea .
The Treaty 's principles remain bold : the pact 's five acknowledged nuclear weapons states -- the US , Britain , France , Russia , and China -- promise to eliminate their nuclear arsenals , and the remaining parties commit not to acquire nuclear weapons in exchange for the right to develop civil nuclear power , with international assistance , subject to binding safeguards .
While the NPT is not entirely responsible for the absence of dozens of nuclear-armed states that many people once feared would emerge , it generated a standard of behavior that continues to guide most countries .
Twice , Iraq bucked safeguards -- first when it built the Osirak reactor and failed to provide inspectors full transparency and convincing assurance it would not use the plant to produce plutonium for weapons , and , second , when it nearly completed its secret enrichment program prior to the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
In Iran , a dissident group , not the IAEA , blew the whistle .
In other instances when countries contemplated the same thing , they were not as sanguine .
In February 1984 , facing a quagmire , Reagan acceded to Vice President George H.W. Bush 's recommendation to get out of Lebanon . But the withdrawal of Western forces did not stop the fighting .
The ensuing bloodbath of US soldiers generated images that the American public could not stomach , prompting the exit of American and then UN forces .
But , despite modest material support , the US could not sustain a government that could not sustain itself .
The withdrawal by all of these invading armies to the recognized international boundaries demonstrated that nationalist forces were dominant in the region , not communist solidarity .
During the 1970 's , he approached China , India , and Pakistan . Fortunately , despite the fact that India and Pakistan lay outside the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- -- and thus were not subject to its prohibition on disseminating arsenals -- they , along with China , rebuffed Qadaffi 's requests . Undaunted , he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
By 1988 , Libya 's clash with the West reached its apex with the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland . Until then , the United States had led a lonely battle to isolate Libya by severing diplomatic relations and imposing economic sanctions and embargos on oil imports and arms exports . But not even the Reagan administration 's 1986 military strike would move Libya away from its confrontational ways .
It suggests that seriously challenging the nuclear venture will come not from more timid sanctions now , but from measures that encourage the pragmatists who populate the fractious Iranian government to promote normalization .
Obama muddled his message further by admitting that he did not expect to see abolition in his lifetime .
The language in the preamble to New START states that the agreement will not `` undermine the viability and effectiveness of the strategic offensive arms of the Parties . ''
Despite the claims by both the Bush and Obama administrations that Russia and the US are no longer adversaries , it seems that the rapprochement has not translated into elimination of mutual nuclear targeting .
The Syrian episode suggests that it can not , which means that Israel may decide to go it alone once again , this time to eliminate Iran 's nuclear facilities .
Unlike the attack on Syria 's nuclear plant , Israel 's conventional forces do not have the capacity to destroy Iran 's suspect installations .
After consultation with his staff , Bush responded that , absent a plutonium extraction facility , US intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program . `` I told him -LRB- Olmert -RRB- I had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force '' to stop Syria , Bush writes .
The result of all these efforts has been to slow , but not halt , Iran 's nuclear progress .
LOS ANGELES -- As the United States stumbles through its economic challenges at home , the pressure of world events will not subside .
Quite simply , the ad hoc policymaking that directed interventions in the Balkans , Somalia , southwest Asia , and the Middle East in the past two decades will not suffice in this new era of limitations .
It is an organizing tool for policymaking : Is an international challenge a watershed or not ?
If not , stay out .
Had American forces not expelled the British from US territory in the first , and had Abraham Lincoln and the Union not prevailed in the second , the country would have been balkanized and unable to become the dominant power of the twentieth century .
By contrast , America 's flirtation with colonialism in the Spanish American War , its involvement in Mexico , Central America , and the Caribbean throughout the twentieth century , and , arguably , World War I , were not watersheds for the US .
In time , the US had to accept that each political contest or military battle lost was not a watershed as long as its core interests in Europe , the Far East , and Latin America were not threatened .
If his treatment is prolonged , he might try governing with rotating vice-presidents , and , if a prompt cure or prolonged treatment are not possible and elections are postponed , an uncertain transition would be hastened .
Adán Chávez called on the PSUV not to forget `` the armed fight for power . ''
Even UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has warned that the unrestrained tide of globalization might not raise all boats , but only the yachts -- while overturning a lot of canoes .
The G-8 nations and the global alliance that America leads must aim not merely to defeat terrorism .
And they must win people 's allegiance by the power of their values and their ideals -- not only by isolating terrorists and extremists , but also by helping , in meaningful ways , poor countries to prosper .
But the core of Japan 's defense strategy remains strong ties with the US , not military self-sufficiency .
Of course , the creators of today 's united Europe did not start by calling for national sovereignty to be abrogated . Indeed , Robert Schuman once declared that `` Europe will not be built in a day , nor as part of an overall design .
But trans-Pacific peace must be based on a balance not of power but of mutual benefit .
The Portuguese arrived not long after , and stayed 400 years .
Fretilin , he said , would not cooperate with an `` illegal and unconstitutional '' government .
But this did not last long , thanks to both the UN and the democratic processes it is helping to nurture .
Should Musharraf 's government backslide even more on its commitments to restore parliamentary democracy , Pakistan 's crisis would not only be exacerbated , but it might begin to infect the wider region .
Now , however , is not the time to freeze out Pakistan , despite the seeming chaos .
International goodwill will probably be the key to his success , if not in re-establishing American hegemony , then at least in making America the `` indispensable nation '' once more .
Although Obama is likely to give priority in his diplomacy to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , he can not take the Asia-Pacific region 's stability for granted .
But the future of security in the Pacific should not be left to US decision-makers alone .
To be sure , the country 's `` America '' card -- the result of the two countries ' longstanding strategic relationship -LRB- I myself was educated at West Point and fought alongside US troops in the Korean War -RRB- -- must be played carefully and not be taken for granted .
Multinational companies increasingly treat Asia as a single economic space , at least as far as production is concerned . This , of course , does not mean that Asia is , or is becoming , a single market , but rather that is now something of a tight-knit pan-national supply chain .
Unfortunately , some analysts suggest that a Taiwan-ASEAN Free Trade Agreement of the likes of CAFTA may not yet be possible , so , in the interim , President Ma 's administration is striving to achieve separate free-trade agreements with various ASEAN members .
Understandably , the opposition Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- has taken the stand that Taiwan should seek closer ties with ASEAN countries rather than depend too much on Mainland China , but Ma does not see the two efforts as being mutually exclusive .
All three parties involved will need to tread with care to make certain that the thaw in China-Taiwan relations is not set back by this proposed arms deal .
Success in that war is not pre-ordained , but can only be won through willing sacrifice , faithfulness to duty , and concerted action for our people 's well-being .
Realizing that economics can not be neatly separated from politics , APEC soon began to include security issues in its agenda .
The new Asia-Pacific security architecture should emanate from cooperation based not on a `` balance of power '' but on burden-sharing to bring about a `` balance of mutual benefit . ''
The sun brings heat , and earth radiates heat back into space -- but the numbers did not balance .
Arrhenius was not in the least troubled by the prospect of global warming .
We did not have to wait until 2000 to find these predictions were correct : by the 1980 's , global warming became apparent in temperature measurements from weather stations around the world .
Emerging-market economies have not only cushioned the global impact of the recent crisis , but have also helped industrialized countries reverse the recessionary trend of 2008-2009 .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , underlining the importance of infrastructure investment , made the following proposal , which several leaders endorsed : `` Recycling surplus savings into investment in developing countries will not only address the immediate demand imbalance , it will also help to address developmental imbalances .
Doing so would not only sustain the growth momentum of these economies , but would contribute to global recovery by generating much-needed additional demand in the developed countries .
Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia came into existence because their constituent parts were not seen as viable independent states .
But what if common European institutions are not viewed through the prism of national institutions ?
What if the evolution of European consciousness proceeds not by an upward transfer of attachment to supranational institutions , but by a devolution of loyalties , and a revival of smaller , more meaningful , communities ?
Of course , the demise of national states is not imminent , but not because they are so deeply rooted in the consciousness of their citizens .
Think of how much more genuine diversity would there be in a united Europe if national states did not squat in the middle .
But Europe 's nation states are not going to disappear for a while because they are centers of power .
If , however , Europeans gain a sense of where they should be going , perhaps in time the national identities forged in the last couple of hundred years -LRB- for they are not much older than that -RRB- will become like the appendix - a part of the human body responsible for little else but an occasional inflammation .
Such men and women change the world around them , even if others do not see it until much later .
But Kolakowski was not a `` technical '' philosopher , writing for academic specialists .
But once he started to question the Marxist dogma , Kolakowski did not stop until he left the movement altogether to become one of its most important critics and opponents .
`` In 1956 , '' I remember him saying , `` we understood that slavery did not lead to freedom , that lies did not help the truth , that oppression did not foster ultimate equality . '' What he said was simple , but it is hard to underestimate the importance of those simple truths when confronting the convoluted lies of official propaganda .
He preferred humor to hectoring , gently making fun of those whom he criticized , while always making sure that even the most severe intellectual critique did not deny the humanity of his opponents .
Meanwhile , journalist Parnaz Azima is not allowed to leave Iran .
As an intellectual , Tajbakhsh can not expect the world 's celebrities to beg Iran 's government for his release .
None of this would have been possible if Iran 's ancient Muslim rulers had not allowed academic freedom and the free exchange of ideas and expression -- something that is sorely missing in today 's Islamic Republic .
These two countries are not yet ready for membership .
The third question relates to Turkey , with which accession negotiations have not yet begun .
At the same time , however , it is the assessment of the Commission that Turkey is still not yet ready to initiate accession negotiations .
The Intergovernmental Conference should therefore not re-open the main political compromises of the Convention .
Strengthening the Commission must go hand in hand with strengthening the Council . It is not a zero-sum game .
But if we do not integrate the President of the European Council into the existing institutional structure and relegate the presidency to presiding over the meetings of the European Council , we will miss an important chance to strengthen the overall decision-making capacity of the Union .
One part of the financial markets not subject to the transparency and disclosure rules that apply to , say , banks and mutual funds , are hedge and private equity funds .
Private funds can not operate without these two giant markets , and would have to comply with their requirements .
Faced with the leaders of Europe 's three largest economies , McCreevy is not a serious obstacle .
Even so , ensuring transparency and disclosure can not fully address heavily debt-laden leveraged buy-outs , which would still be objectionable .
But , for the millions who face the crushing burden of poverty , mere proclamations that help is on the way are not enough to create jobs or foster development .
Some donors have now promised to do so , though only over time ; others are not ready to go that far , but have promised more aid than they currently give .
One priority is to ensure that large , new infusions of aid do not produce unintended economic outcomes , such as rapid currency appreciation or inflation , which would make recipient countries ' exports less competitive . Another priority is to ensure that low-income countries that are striving to meet the MDG 's , and which have large financing requirements , avoid a new spiral of indebtedness .
We must not forget that the multilateral trading system -- along with the Bretton Woods institutions -- was originally created to avoid a repeat of the protectionism and competitive devaluations of the 1930 's that plunged the world into depression .
FTA 's can not substitute for multilateral liberalization .
While the path back to the negotiating table is not an easy one , the obstacles are not insurmountable .
IMF advice should not be spread too thin .
The international community needs a setting where it can debate the most sensitive economic issues , including -- but certainly not limited to -- exchange rate issues .
For if the share of national income going to the poor does not fall with economic growth then of course the poor will gain in absolute terms ; growth will be poverty reducing , and contraction will be poverty increasing .
Even when inequality does not change with growth , one finds both gainers and losers at all levels of living .
This division of labor between the System-I and System-II mechanisms would work well were it not for the fact that our lazy and cheap decision-making mode tends to take over in situations that should command our fullest attention : choosing a pension plan or a health care scheme , for example .
As one can imagine , the results of this System-I coup d'etat are not pretty .
Unfortunately , however , hyper-rationality does not always produce attractive outcomes when social , rather than individual , choices are concerned .
But there is nothing irrational in having a very strong preference not to have one 's body used for spare parts after one 's death .
We can not use System II to fault this preference .
The world spends nearly $ 7 trillion a year on energy and its infrastructure ; yet our current research and development efforts are not up to meeting the challenge of climate change .
The world could not sustain its 6.5 billion people if they all lived like present-day Americans .
If the increase continues beyond 2050 , one can not help but be gloomy about most people 's prospects .
Of course , a deteriorating economy is not exclusive to Colombia .
And , most likely , the worst is yet to come : if the Obama administration does not succeed in stabilizing the United States economy in the coming weeks , Latin America will most likely face even steeper declines .
But , while Colombia is not as bad off as some of its neighbors , the country will not be able to pull itself out of the crisis easily .
Unfortunately , the authorities do not have much margin for error in working to counteract the damage done by the international crisis .
The government did not set aside resources while things were going well , and now it does not have the fiscal space needed for an aggressive boost to public spending of the type that many other governments are attempting .
But that does not mean that we should bail out individual banks .
Japan recapitalized its banks in 1998 , but did not wipe out equity holders .
But it is not enough to have many small banks .
I propose a new policy solution that would support the whole but not the parts .
First , it does not require government regulators to decide how much individual assets are worth , because private markets value toxic assets .
An $ 800 billion stimulus did not have the effect for which its proponents hoped , largely because it was accompanied by a big increase in private savings .
These purchases would need Treasury support , since this tactic is in effect a fiscal policy , not a monetary policy .
The Great Recession did not turn into Great Depression II because of coordinated action by governments around the world .
We need not tolerate 9 % unemployment as the new normal .
The way ahead leads through science , not ideology , dogma , or failed theories .
But , although Madoff was only the tip of the iceberg of rampant financial malfeasance , most suspect financiers need not fear arrest , either because their behavior merely skirted the law , or because financial impropriety more subtle than outright fraud is often difficult to prove .
In 1997 , Korea suffered not only from the Asian financial crisis , but also from insistence by the US and the International Monetary Fund that it raise interest rates and undertake `` Washington Consensus '' - style reforms to receive aid .
According to the OECD , `` there does not appear to be any strong reason to expect that recent structural reforms mean that OECD labor markets are now substantially less sensitive to severe economic downturns . ''
The weak reed in capitalism is not the labor market , but the financial market .
One of the greatest challenges I faced as the ICTY prosecutor was convincing the Serbian public that the court was not a politically motivated conspiracy against Serbia .
Prosecuting that decision would have inflamed suspicions of an anti-Serbian plot ; choosing not to prosecute would have incited countervailing charges that the Tribunal was not fulfilling its mandate .
Now is not the time for the ICC to risk embroiling itself in similar controversy .
The ICC review conference in Kampala will not be the last opportunity to amend the statute .
But that was not the end of the Enola bean issue .
Importers stopped importing not only the yellow bean , but also other Mexican beans , fearing lawsuits .
The Enola case demonstrates that being right is not enough : small farmers , indigenous people , and the poor ca n't out-last a decade of lawsuits and monopoly .
But IHL is confronted not only by the ethical challenge of coping with its own moral hubris .
In civil wars , each side tends to deny the legitimacy , if not the humanity , of the other .
For the Bosnian Serbs in 1992 , the Rwandan Hutus in 1994 , or the Revolutionary United Front in Sierra Leone , the real adversaries were not enemy combatants but the civilian population of a rival ethnic or cultural group .
But a signature does not mean sincerity .
Meanwhile , the actual conduct of intrastate war is growing more , not less , barbarous .
In fact , the assault on IHL comes not simply from warlords from Ivory Coast to Chechnya to Aceh .
The US , in particular , now believes that most of its adversaries are not soldiers in the conventional sense , but `` unlawful combatants '' -- people to whom the protections of the Geneva Conventions do not apply .
Rhetoric is not reality , of course , and the UN 's declarations have often seemed far removed from its daily practice .
But words are not without consequences , and there is little question that human rights has occupied a higher place in international deliberations during Annan 's tenure than ever before .
Among his key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited UN Commission on Human Rights -- a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like Libya , Cuba , or Zimbabwe -- with a new Human Rights Council , where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated .
We have not progressed very far , it seems .
The Last Interventionist When Tony Blair , having procrastinated about his departure almost to the point of unreason , finally gives up the British premiership this month , it will be to the general relief not only of the British public as a whole , but also of the overwhelming majority of his own party .
But Blair , it seems , is not to be moved .
What was famously said of Thatcher -- `` the lady 's not for turning '' -- can be said of him as well .
In fairness to Blair , this is not mere stubbornness , as it seems to the case with Bush and his current and erstwhile minions , Donald Rumsfeld , Paul Wolfowitz , and , of course , Vice President Dick Cheney .
To the charge that this idea is actually old-fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post-Cold War world , Blair has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of `` values , not interests . ''
Of course , Blair does not think of himself as a new imperialist .
On the contrary , as he has frequently made clear , he considers his critics immoral for not supporting liberal interventions .
Although he has been in politics for decades , he has not held a government post since serving as deputy health minister under former Socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin .
Kouchner did not invent the so-called `` droit d'ingerence , '' which can be rendered in English as the right of intervention . That title belongs to the Italian legal theorist Mario Bettati .
While not denying that state sovereignty was the basis of the international system , Kouchner insisted that it could not be a license for governments to kill .
His vision of humanitarian action was one in which relief was not only an end in itself -- the traditional Red Cross view that humanitarians palliate the worst effects of war and natural disaster -- but also a means for righting wrongs .
That was what activists like Kouchner called for , whether or not they admitted it even to themselves , in Rwanda and Kosovo .
It probably explains why Kouchner was one of the few important French political figures to support the Anglo-American overthrow of Saddam Hussein -LRB- something Sarkozy did not do -RRB- .
Despite some of the more fevered declarations made by Kouchner and other human rights activists , states do not tend to behave altruistically , and electorates do not tend to wish to see their sons and daughters kill and die in altruistic wars .
This may not be a bad thing .
Perhaps now , humanitarian relief groups can get back to doing their vital but not world-transforming work .
Biden did not point to a specific region of the world , but mentioned the Middle East , the Indian sub-continent , and Russia as the likeliest sources of trouble for the new president .
Impolitic or not , Biden 's anxieties seem to have informed several of the administration 's early foreign policy decisions .
That crisis is located in Mexico , which is in freefall , its state institutions under threat as they have not been since at least the Cristero Uprising of the late 1920 's and possibly since the Mexican Revolution of 1910 .
While the Obama administration is obviously aware of what is happening south of the Rio Grande , the threat simply does not command the attention that its gravity requires .
The crisis consists in nothing less than an effort by the major drug cartels to tame and suborn the Mexican state , and not just in the strip along the United States border , though the epicenter of the crisis is there .
Obviously , the cartels ' leaders do not have designs on Mexico 's presidential palace .
Of the thousands who have been killed , often after being horribly tortured , many , if not most , have been members of the drug cartels and their families .
Whether he is seeking to reform France 's judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end France 's ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious .
But Sarkozy has not governed effectively , as his party 's disenchantment with him and polling data make abundantly clear .
He has even appeared at crime scenes -- not urban riots , but private crimes of passion , where no reason of state could possibly warrant the presence of the President of the Republic .
But this style of government -- essentially an electoral campaign , not a government -- virtually guarantees that almost nothing of real importance can be accomplished .
The lessons of earlier battles against inflation are clear on one fundamental point : inflationary pressures can not be contained by negative , or slightly positive , real short-term interest rates .
Inflation , if not addressed now , could seriously compromise the region 's ability to meet those challenges .
It would also be a huge boost for China 's major trading partners -- not just those in East Asia , but also growth-constrained European and US economies .
Of course , this is not the first time that Asia has had to cope with the walking economic dead .
Decoupling was not an option .
It 's not as if Asian consumer demand is dormant .
This is not a time to bet against China .
But that 's not the point .
However , unlike Japan , China will not accede to calls for a sharp one-off revaluation of the renminbi .
But this job is not yet complete .
If the Prague summit will not showcase any grand new initiative , it is simply because we already launched a new NATO-Russia relationship last May at our special summit in Rome .
While gross inequalities between rich and poor persist , we can not claim to be making adequate progress toward fulfilling the ambitions set down 60 years ago .
The deepest challenges of discrimination , oppression , injustice , ignorance , exploitation , and poverty can not be addressed through the law or policy alone .
Human rights can not be realized in the absence of effective institutions .
What is needed now are leadership , resources , a greater sense of urgency , and commitment to the long-term efforts that must dedicated to ensuring that the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration are not only recognized universally , but respected as well .
I refused to accept the invitation from the president of the Human Rights Council at the time , Ambassador Martin Uhomoibhi of Nigeria , to lead the investigation following the Human Rights Council 's January 12 , 2009 resolution . As a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , I felt strongly that the Council 's resolution was one-sided and did not permit a balanced approach to determining the situation on the ground .
I decided I could not undertake the mission for these reasons .
But all successive waves of enlargement were motivated mostly , if not exclusively , by political reasons .
One can bemoan this fact , but it is better to accommodate oneself to it and accept the notion that it will take decades for Europe to think in the same way on most issues , not least about relations with the US .
But this does not take anything away from the extraordinary community constituted by the intellectual and cultural patrimony that unites Europeans around recognized and accepted values .
In Europe , sovereignty belongs to the people and does not flow from a transcendent power .
Women do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis men .
Public powers should not depend or refer to any religious authority .
They were extracted from the churches , not granted by them .
So today 's public debates have a somewhat surreal character , because the programs on which the candidates will stake their campaigns are still not developed .
In their absence , personality and style , not political programs , have proven decisive .
I am not sure this is good for democracy , but that 's the way it is .
She has yet to deal with the major problems of the day -- financial instability , Europe 's sluggish growth , the Middle East -- and she can not avoid them during her campaign .
But , judging from the past , this is not how French politics works .
Poher , Chaban-Delmas , Barre , Balladur , and I were picked out by the media and treated as candidates for more than two years before the election , whether declared or not , and we were all eventually beaten .
Of course , the treaty 's final text is not yet written , but success does seem possible , which would not only improve the mechanics of the EU , but would also send a signal to Euroskeptics , mainly the British and the Poles .
France has not given up its demand for a `` political '' Europe that is more than merely a single market .
Sarkozy is announcing that he is an economic `` regulator , '' not a global liberal convinced that today 's balance of market forces is optimal , and thus that no intervention is needed .
That is a welcome development , and not only for France , because Sarkozy 's activism also promises to boost Europe 's political influence around the world .
But , unlike the US Federal Reserve , it has not lowered key interest rates , which is what matters most to firms and households .
The quantity of liquidity in the world economy is surprising , and monetary expansion by central banks does not explain it completely .
A recession will only increase job precariousness and unemployment , creating social tensions that will not , of course , help to ease the financial crisis .
Mistakes or clumsiness in governance are not exclusive to the left : Belgium is paralyzed by the threat of break-up , Austria is still looking to cement an unlikely conservative coalition , Poland is struggling to find a steady balance for its numerous reactionary impulses , and the French president is hitting record lows in terms of popularity .
What is also clear , even if it is not as well recognized , is that this battle will be primarily intellectual in nature : legitimacy must be given back to the notion of having certain ground rules and public regulatory bodies .
We social democrats can no longer fight such battles , because the problem is not only ideological , but also cultural .
Quite simply , a system in which the media behave this way places not only the economy , but also democracy , at risk .
They did not decide much , except to call for improved monitoring and regulation of financial flows .
But the original Bretton Woods framework was not built in a day ; indeed , the 1944 conference was preceded by two and a half years of preparatory negotiations , which is probably the minimum needed to decide such weighty issues .
Finding the right mix will not be easy .
The third task is to focus on real economic activity , end the recession , sustain growth , and , above all , reform the capitalist system to make it be less dependent on finance . Long-term investments , not short-term profits , and productive work , rather than paper gains , need to be supported .
But , although the United States and some European countries have gone a long way toward restoring the lending capacity of banks , that may not be enough .
Moreover , there can be no comprehensive agreement that does not take into account the relationship between finance and the real economy .
In the short term , the situation in Germany is less severe than in France . Its trade balance is positive , and total public debt is not as high as it is in other countries .
But if growth were higher and unemployment were falling , such scandals would not be treated as such a drama .
Balancing cuts in public spending in order not to endanger growth and employment requires a stable and smart government -- and time . The UK and Germany are , with their excessive restrictions , are preparing the ground for recessions at home .
The policies of central planning , dirigisme , and import substitution , which many newly independent countries adopted in the 1950 's and 1960 's , could be labeled as the ideas of communists , Fabian socialists , and nationalists , not trained economists .
The puzzle is not `` why did economics fail us ? '' but `` why were economists so overconfident ? ''
After all , much of the Washington Consensus can not be deduced from proper economic analysis .
Any graduate student in economics knows that deregulation , privatization , and trade liberalization can not be expected to produce economic benefits without a long list of unlikely conditions being satisfied .
More often than not , the advocacy of simple panaceas was based on one or more of the following pathologies :
Economists who become policy advisors are great fans of simplicity , uniformity , and arm 's - length relations between government and the private sector , not because of economic theory or empirical evidence , but because of unexamined and untested assumptions .
Of course , economic principles do not work differently in different places .
The trouble is that these universal principles are not self-executing : they do not automatically translate into clear-cut institutional arrangements or policy prescriptions .
It certainly does not imply that a system of private property rights and Anglo-American corporate governance is the right approach for all countries at all times .
In China , there is no such protection , because private property was not legally recognized until recently , and the court system is not independent .
In a system where courts can not be relied upon to protect property rights , letting the government hold residual rights in an enterprise may have been a second-best mechanism for avoiding expropriation .
Private entrepreneurs felt secure not because the government was prevented from expropriating them , but because , sharing in the profits , it had no interest in expropriating them .
The Russian experience strongly suggests that the obvious alternative of legal reform would not have been nearly as effective .
In agriculture and industry , price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations , but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
In international trade , openness was achieved not by reducing import barriers , but by creating special economic zones with different rules than those applied to domestic production .
The surprise was not only that there were so many cases , but that the vast majority seemed unrelated to conventional economic reforms , such as liberalization of trade and prices .
Such outcomes are not unimportant , but they represent a far cry from the picture painted by free-trade fundamentalists .
The problem is not another financial meltdown in an emerging market , with the predictable contagion that engulfs neighboring countries . Even the most exposed countries handled the last round of financial shocks , in May and June 2006 , relatively comfortably .
But things have not worked out according to plan .
When countries suffer from low investment demand , freeing up capital inflows does not do much good .
What businesses in these countries need is not necessarily more finance , but the expectation of larger profits for their owners .
The lesson for countries that have not yet made the leap to financial globalization is clear : beware .
Managing the exchange rate becomes much more difficult when capital is free to come and go as it pleases . But it is not impossible -- as long as policymakers understand the critical role played by the exchange rate and the need to subordinate capital flows to the requirements of competitiveness .
First , it is important to realize that a strong and overly volatile currency is not just the central bank 's problem to fix .
This may not be popular , especially in an economic downturn .
Hirschman 's interests shifted away from economic development over the course of his illustrious career . But when he was still involved in development debates , he would frequently remind his contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with .
Hirschman believed that the possibilities for economic development are not nearly as constrained as comprehensive theories would lead us to believe .
That is why successful reforms often do not travel well .
Reforms , after all , are not hothouse plants that can be transplanted at will in any soil .
Moreover , generating economic growth requires hitting the right targets , not doing everything at once .
What we need is selective , well-targeted reforms , not a laundry list .
Countries run into trouble when they do not use high-growth periods to strengthen their institutional underpinnings .
But Hirschman also would no doubt chide developing country governments for not living up to their responsibilities and for passing on the buck so freely to these external agencies .
Many economists were skeptical about Hirschman 's approach because they could not quite fit it into the economics they had been trained to practice .
Arsenal , which currently leads the English Premier League , fields 11 starters who typically do not include a single British player .
Europe 's soccer scene would not be half as exciting without strikers such as Cote d'Ivoire 's Didier Drogba -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- or Cameroon 's Samuel Eto'o -LRB- Barcelona -RRB- . The benefits to African talent are easy to see , too .
African players are able to earn much more money by marketing their skills in Europe -- not just the top clubs in the Premiership or the Spanish Primera Liga , but the countless nouveau-riche clubs in Russia , Ukraine , or Turkey .
This is part and parcel of globalization : enhanced global economic opportunities lead to wider disparities between those who have the skill or luck to take advantage of them and those who do not .
This kind of inequality is not necessarily a bad thing .
But soccer enthusiasts care about country as well as club , and here the consequences of the global mobility of talent are not as straightforward .
If you are a resident of Yaoundé , the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League .
For the winner of the cup was not Cameroon or Cote d'Ivoire or any of the other African teams loaded with star players from European leagues , but Egypt , which fielded only four players -LRB- out of 23 -RRB- who play in Europe .
The lesson is not that embracing globalized soccer is a bad thing .
What sets apart the Chinas and Indias of this world is not that they have laid themselves bare to the forces of globalization , but that they have used those forces to enhance their domestic capacities . The benefits of globalization come to those who do their homework .
While this is not news to emerging markets , which have experienced many financial crises in the last quarter-century , a half-century of financial stability lulled advanced economies into complacency .
Deregulation promised to spawn financial innovations that would enhance access to credit , enable greater portfolio diversification , and allocate risk to those most able to bear it . Supervision and regulation would stand in the way , liberalizers argued , and governments could not possibly keep up with the changes .
I can not plead for a government bailout .
The implication is clear : punish only people who use guns to commit crimes , but do not penalize others as well by restricting their access to guns .
But , because we can not be certain that the threat of punishment deters all crime , or that all criminals are caught , our ability to induce gun owners to behave responsibly is limited .
Poor governance may , in general , be the binding constraint in Zimbabwe and a few other countries , but it was not in China , Vietnam , or Cambodia -- countries that are growing rapidly despite poor governance -- and it most surely is not in Ethiopia , South Africa , El Salvador , Mexico , or Brazil .
As a rule , broad governance reform is neither necessary nor sufficient for growth . It is not necessary , because what really works in practice is removing successive binding constraints , whether they are supply incentives in agriculture , infrastructure bottlenecks , or high credit costs .
It is not sufficient , because sustaining the fruits of governance reform without accompanying growth is difficult .
While import liberalization works fine for integrating with the world economy when import-competing interests are not powerful and the currency is unlikely to become overvalued , export subsidies or special economic zones will work far better in other circumstances .
But best-practice institutions are , by definition , non-contextual and can not take local complications into account .
Spence was not sure he was the man for the job .
After all , his research had focused on theoretical issues in advanced economies ; he had been dean of a business school ; and he did not have much experience in economic development .
Saying that context matters does not mean that anything goes .
The Spence report reflects a broader intellectual shift within the development profession , a shift that encompasses not just growth strategies but also health , education , and other social policies . The traditional policy framework , which the new thinking is gradually replacing , is presumptive rather than diagnostic .
If there is a new Washington consensus , it is that the rulebook must be written at home , not in Washington .
The gold standard era -- with its free capital mobility and open trade -- came to an abrupt end in 1914 and could not be resuscitated after World War I. Are we about to witness a similar global economic breakdown ?
The question is not fanciful .
Moreover , even those who have not lost heart often disagree vehemently about the direction in which they would like to see globalization go .
What they want is not to turn back globalization , but to create new institutions and compensation mechanisms -- at home or internationally -- that will render globalization more effective , fairer , and more sustainable .
The cheerleaders ' true sparring partners today are not rock-throwing youths but their fellow intellectuals .
The latest round of talks in Geneva has once again failed to produce an agreement . Judging by what the financial press and some economists say , the stakes could not be higher .
It is hard to square these fears with the view that the Doha trade round could lift tens , if not hundreds , of millions out of poverty .
Clear-cut gains exist only for a few commodities , such as cotton and sugar , which are not consumed in large quantities by poor households .
And , of course , the Doha Round would only reduce these barriers , not eliminate them altogether .
We live under the most liberal trade regime in history not because the WTO enforces it , but because important countries -- rich and poor alike -- find greater openness to be in their best interest .
So let 's remind ourselves how compelling the logic of the financial innovation that led us to our current predicament seemed not too long ago .
We allow non-banks to make home loans and let them offer creative , more affordable mortgages to prospective homeowners not well served by conventional lenders .
If our remedies do not target the true underlying sources of the crisis , our newfound regulatory zeal might end up killing useful sorts of financial innovation , along with the toxic kind .
Perhaps , but these strategies would not have made sense for lenders unless they believed that house prices would continue to rise .
So the crisis might not have reached the scale that it did without financial institutions of all types leveraging themselves to the hilt in pursuit of higher returns .
Had they done their job properly and issued timely warnings about the risks , these markets would not have sucked in nearly as many investors as they eventually did .
Then there would not have been so much liquidity sloshing around waiting for an accident to happen .
Save the Emerging Markets CAMBRIDGE -- If the world were fair , most emerging markets would be watching the financial crisis engulfing the world 's advanced economies from the sidelines -- if not entirely unaffected , not overly concerned either .
For once , what has set financial markets ablaze are not their excesses , but those of Wall Street .
Brazil is a commodity exporter , while South Korea is not .
Many of the West 's leading financial institutions -- those that have not been nationalized -- as well some important industrial enterprises , will remain at the mercy of capital from China or the Gulf states .
The administrative difficulties in implementing a Tobin tax are not insurmountable , as long as all major advanced countries go along .
All countries that have successfully globalized have used such policies , many of which -LRB- e.g. , subsidies , domestic-content rules , reverse engineering of patented products -RRB- are currently not allowed under WTO rules .
Developing nations should argue that recognizing these economic and political realities makes the global trade regime not weaker and more susceptible to protectionism , but healthier and more sustainable .
Capital-exporting developing nations should be willing to accept greater transparency in the operation of sovereign wealth funds and pledge not to use them for political purposes .
It will not do much for good for developing countries to raise the specter of protectionism each time such concerns are voiced .
Although the financial crisis appears to be contained in the United States and Europe , its full repercussions will not be clear for some time .
Obama has a first-rate group of economists on his side , which ensures that he will not do anything silly .
Alas , the best that can be hoped for at this stage is that Europe will not undermine the global fiscal stimulus that even the International Monetary Fund , the guardian of fiscal orthodoxy , regards as absolutely essential .
And banks -- whether explicitly nationalized or not -- will be under pressure to prioritize domestic borrowers .
It should have focused its efforts on monitoring and implementing the G-20 's commitment not to raise trade barriers .
The real question is not whether capitalism can survive -- it can -- but whether world leaders will demonstrate the leadership needed to take it to its next phase as we emerge from our current predicament .
The lesson is not that capitalism is dead .
Designing the next capitalism will not be easy .
Without recourse to the economist 's toolkit , we can not even begin to make sense of the current crisis .
If your answer does not use elements from behavioral economics , agency theory , information economics , and international economics , among others , it is likely to remain seriously incomplete .
The fault lies not with economics , but with economists .
Labor economists focus not only on how trade unions can distort markets , but also how , under certain conditions , they can enhance productivity .
Economics ' richness has not been reflected in public debate because economists have taken far too much license .
Paradoxically , then , the current disarray within the profession is perhaps a better reflection of the profession 's true value added than its previous misleading consensus . Economics can at best clarify the choices for policy makers ; it can not make those choices for them .
Developing nations grudgingly took its advice , while advanced nations , not needing the money , ignored it .
But simply giving developing nations greater voting power will make little difference if the IMF 's organizational culture is not changed as well .
But we should not lose sleep over them , because they are flawed and ultimately unsustainable .
The problem is not only that foreign capital flows can easily reverse direction , but also that they produce the wrong kind of growth , based on overvalued currencies and investments in non-traded goods and services , such as housing and construction .
Their governments pursued not just good `` fundamentals '' -LRB- e.g. , macroeconomic stability and an outward orientation -RRB- , but also what might be called `` productivist '' policies : undervalued currencies , industrial policies , and financial controls .
These countries did not want to be recipients of capital inflows , because they realized that this would wreak havoc with their need to maintain competitive currencies .
There is in fact no inherent conflict , once we understand that what matters for growth in developing countries is not the size of their trade surpluses , nor even the volume of their exports .
Their growth potential need not be severely affected as long as the implications of this new world for domestic and international policies are understood .
If globalization does not get the fix it needs , economic prospects will be dim for rich and poor countries alike .
The global response to the crisis may not have been stellar , but neither has it been the free-for-all that might have been feared .
The G-20 could not agree on coordinated fiscal stimulus or concrete steps towards banking reform .
Globalization has not received a mortal blow -- at least not yet .
China has yet to discover and adopt an alternative growth strategy that does not rely on a large trade surplus .
The financial crisis has not helped improve the image of globalization , which has long been deeply unpopular among ordinary voters in most of the world 's advanced countries .
With public debt rising very rapidly , and in some countries projected to exceed 100 % of GDP , governments will not be in a position to take up the slack .
The interwar period , which suffered from a similar crisis of leadership , produced not only a collapse of globalization , but a devastating armed conflict on a global scale .
So the stakes in righting the world economy could not be higher .
We can start with a simple principle : We should strive not for maximum openness in trade and finance , but for levels of openness that leave ample room for the pursuit of domestic social and economic objectives in rich and poor countries alike .
In effect , the best way to save globalization is to not push it too far .
Similarly , healthy and sustainable globalization should not impose a straitjacket of common rules on everyone .
The economic and political obstacles that block deep integration can not be wished away by exhortations .
Or throw him out , on the principle that government should not be handing out favors to business ?
It is consumers , not producers , who are king .
But the problem is not that government listened too much to Wall Street ; rather , the problem is that it did n't listen enough to Main Street , where the real producers and innovators were .
It is a decision of momentous consequence not just for the US , but also for the world economy .
Yet he can not afford to be perceived as indecisive , which would only invite destabilizing financial speculation .
Even when not formally designated as such , central banks have become the guardians of financial-market sanity .
Under Obama 's proposed new rules , the Fed will have even larger responsibilities , and will be charged with averting financial crises and ensuring that banks are not taking on too much risk .
In the years before the financial crash , capital moved from poor countries to rich countries , rather than vice versa . -LRB- This may not have been a bad thing , since it turns out that large -LRB- net -RRB- borrowers in international markets tend to grow less rapidly than others . -RRB-
We would have heard about a long-list of mortgage-related instruments , which supposedly made financing available to home buyers who would not have been able to purchase homes otherwise .
But , until Turner mentioned the idea , you would not have been able to identify a single major policymaker from the United States or the UK , the world 's two leading centers of global finance , with anything nice to say about it .
What the Tobin tax does not do is help with longer-term misalignments in financial markets .
Such a tax would not have prevented the US-China trade imbalance .
It would not have protected European and other nations from becoming awash in toxic mortgage assets exported from the US . And it would not dissuade governments intent on pursuing unsustainable monetary and fiscal policies financed by external borrowing .
Moreover , we do not even know whether these numbers are unusually high when compared to pre-crisis trends .
In the absence of a benchmark for comparative assessment , we do not really know whether 192 `` protectionist '' measures is a big or small number .
But economists ' ideas would not have gone very far without significant changes in the underlying configuration of political interests in favor of open trade .
If the world has not fallen off the protectionist precipice during the crisis , as it did during the 1930 's , much of the credit must go the social programs that conservatives and market fundamentalists would like to see scrapped .
But , before we relax , let 's remember that we still have not addressed the central challenge the world economy will face as the crisis eases : the inevitable clash between China 's need to produce an ever-growing quantity of manufactured goods and America 's need to maintain a smaller current-account deficit .
For an institution that seemed on the verge of irrelevance not too long ago , this is quite a transformation .
When asked about the role of capital controls , Strauss-Kahn said he was not wedded to any rigid ideology on the subject . Nonetheless , according to the Financial Times which reported the IMF chief 's views , `` the IMF would not recommend them as a standard prescription either -- as they carried costs and were usually ineffective . ''
Short-term flows not only wreak havoc with domestic macroeconomic management , but they also aggravate adverse exchange-rate movements .
This story casts China 's policymakers in the role of evil and misguided currency manipulators , who , inexplicably , choose to harm not only the rest of the world , but their own society as well .
But WTO membership has made it difficult , if not impossible , to resort to these traditional forms of industrial support .
It is not just China that benefits from a competitive currency .
It is not clear that advocates of this option have fully comprehended its potentially severe adverse consequences .
It is not a pretty solution , but it is the only one .
There is not a single business anywhere in the world that has not felt China 's impact , either as a low-cost supplier , or more threateningly , as a formidable competitor .
Although average incomes have risen very rapidly in recent decades , they still stand at between one-seventh and one-eighth the levels in the United States -- lower than in Turkey or Colombia and not much higher than in El Salvador or Egypt .
It will not simply fold under Western values and institutions .
Taking direct aim at Obama 's proposals , he argued that reform of the global financial system should not be driven by what each country sees fit for itself .
`` We can not afford to have different solutions in different parts of the world . ''
Regulation that is not globally coordinated , they warned , would create unnecessary uncertainty , prolong financial distress , and threaten economic recovery .
But the practical reality is that it can not deliver the tough regulations , closely tailored to domestic economic and political requirements , which financial markets badly need in the aftermath of the worst financial upheaval the world economy has experienced since the Great Depression .
Democratic accountability would also result in regulatory diversity -- different countries doing their own thing -- and that is not a bad thing , either .
Naturally , regulatory diversity would require cross-border financial controls to ensure that banks do not evade national regulations by operating from foreign jurisdictions .
But the rest of us suffer from too much financial globalization , not too little .
The IMF 's policy note makes clear that controls on cross-border financial flows can be not only desirable , but also effective .
This is important , because the traditional argument of last resort against capital controls has been that they could not be made to stick . Financial markets would always outsmart the policymakers .
To its credit , the IMF not only acknowledges this , but it also provides evidence that developing countries with capital controls were hit less badly by the fallout from the sub-prime mortgage meltdown .
But scratch the surface of any new successful industry anywhere , and more likely than not you will find government assistance lurking beneath .
The real question about industrial policy is not whether it should be practiced , but how .
This requires a government that is `` embedded '' in the private sector , but not in bed with it .
Third , industrial policy 's practitioners need to bear in mind that it aims to serve society at large , not the bureaucrats who administer it or the businesses that receive the incentives .
The standard rap against industrial policy is that governments can not pick winners .
What determines success in industrial policy is not the ability to pick winners , but the capacity to let the losers go -- a much less demanding requirement .
A government that makes no mistakes when promoting industry is one that makes the bigger mistake of not trying hard enough .
The package may or may not prevent Spain and Portugal from becoming undone in a similar fashion , or indeed even head off an eventual Greek default .
John Maynard Keynes , who wrote the rules along with Harry Dexter White , viewed capital controls not as a temporary expedient but as a permanent feature of the global economy .
The Bretton Woods regime collapsed in the 1970 's as a result of the inability or unwillingness -- it is not entirely clear which -- of leading governments to manage the growing tide of capital flows .
But it does not have automatic access to a European lender of last resort .
Its citizens do not receive unemployment checks from Brussels the way that , say , Californians do from Washington , DC , when California experiences a recession .
They could not stop the Greek government from borrowing -LRB- indirectly -RRB- from the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- as long as credit rating agencies deemed Greek debt creditworthy .
If Greece chooses default , they can not enforce their banks ' claims on Greek borrowers or seize Greek assets .
But trying to redress budget deficits in the midst of a collapse in domestic demand makes problems worse , not better .
Projected to amount to 5.5 % of GDP in 2010 , this surplus is not far behind China 's 6.2 % .
For a wealthy economy that is supposed to contribute to global economic stability , Germany is not only failing to do its fair share , but is free-riding on other countries ' economies .
Reducing the cost of firing workers will not increase demand for labor much when no one wants to hire new workers .
But what about Spain or Ireland , where the borrowers were not the government but the private sector ?
It would be evident which policies work and which do not , and pursuing the `` right '' policies would be the surest way to restore confidence .
So , if market confidence has a meaning , it must be something that is not pinned down simply by economic fundamentals .
This is not just because markets comprise a multitude of investors and speculators who are unlikely ever to get together to publish a `` party program , '' but more fundamentally because markets have little clue themselves .
They depend not just on its tax and spending plans but also on the state of the economy , the external conjuncture , and the political context .
Even with hindsight , it is sometimes not clear why markets go one way and not the other .
As long as they make money they do not care if they have to eat their words . They simply want whatever `` works '' -- whatever will produce a stable , healthy economic environment conducive to debt repayment .
They have to say : `` we are doing this not because the markets demand it , but because it is good for us and here is why . ''
If the present crisis gets worse , it will be political leaders that bear primary responsibility -- not because they ignored markets , but because they took them too seriously .
Democracies not only out-perform dictatorships when it comes to long-term economic growth , but also outdo them in several other important respects .
They can not aspire to continued economic innovation or to global economic leadership .
In addition to major internal contradictions and inconsistencies , the coup plot documents are full of references to entities that did not even exist in 2003 , as well as to developments that took place later .
Accusations against the Gulen movement are not new in Turkey , but what made the book a bombshell is that its author is a distinguished police chief , well known for his courage and incorruptibility -- as well as his closeness to the Gulenists and to Erdo?an 's government .
So he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies . This , along with his inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch , give his revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked .
After all , this time it was not they that had engaged in financial excess , and their economic fundamentals looked strong .
There are many reasons why such optimism is not unreasonable .
Most developing countries have cleaned up their financial and fiscal houses and do not carry high debt .
Moreover , slow growth in the advanced economies need not exert a drag on developing countries ' performance .
Long-term growth depends not on foreign demand , but on domestic supply .
Sustained rapid growth is the result of poorer countries catching up to rich countries ' productivity levels -- not of growth in the rich countries themselves .
Sustained growth requires a growth strategy , and most developing countries do not yet have one that would put them irrevocably on the path of economic convergence .
China , in particular , needs to confront the fact that the rest of the world will not allow it to run a huge trade surplus forever .
Emerging-market economies have not yet shown the kind of global leadership that suggests an affirmative answer to this question .
If the world economy 's center of gravity shifts substantially toward developing countries , this will not be a smooth -- and possibly not even a benign -- process .
Buried within the pages of the report , however , is a startling admission : countries that integrated into the world economy most rapidly were not necessarily those that adopted the most pro-trade policies .
For the first time , the World Bank acknowledges that trade liberalization may not be an effective instrument , not only for stimulating growth , but even for integration in world markets .
It is admitting , in an underhanded manner , that its repeated assertions about the benefits of globalization do not carry direct implications for how trade policy should be conducted in developing countries .
Rapid integration into global markets is a consequence , not of trade liberalization or adherence to World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- strictures per se , but of successful growth strategies with often highly idiosyncratic characteristics .
Meanwhile , serious trade reform did not start until 1991-93 .
You will not notice how much ground the Bank has given up unless you dig deep in the report and look at the way the evidence is presented .
In fact , only a few lines further down , the report denies that the question is even relevant . `` Whether there is a casual connection from opening up trade to faster growth is not the issue '' declares the report .
One wonders why not .
Why did the World Bank invest so much intellectual capital on establishing the linkage between trade openness and growth if that is not an important issue ?
These words do not come easily , as I am no Euroskeptic .
Unlike others , such as my Harvard colleague Martin Feldstein , who argue that Europe is not a natural monetary area , I believed that monetary union made perfect sense in the context of a broader European project that emphasized -- as it still does -- political institution-building alongside economic integration .
The eurozone was too integrated for cross-border spillovers not to cause mayhem in national economies , but not integrated enough to have the institutional capacity needed to manage the crisis .
Regardless of the outcome , private debt is not socialized by state governments -LRB- but by the federal government , if at all -RRB- , and does not threaten public finances at the state level .
So the real problem in Europe is not that Spain or Ireland has borrowed a lot , or that too much Spanish and Irish debt sits on banks balance sheets elsewhere in Europe .
No , the real problem is that Europe has not created the union-wide institutions that an integrated financial market requires .
It is easy to blame European politicians for lack of leadership . But let us not underestimate the magnitude of the task that European governments took on .
The Greek and Irish bailouts are only temporary palliatives : they do nothing to curtail indebtedness , and they have not stopped contagion . Moreover , the fiscal austerity they prescribe delays economic recovery .
Even if the Germans and other creditors acquiesce in a restructuring -- not from 2013 on , as German Chancellor Angel Merkel has asked for , but now -- there is the further problem of restoring competitiveness . This problem is shared by all deficit countries , but is acute in Southern Europe .
A breakup of the eurozone may not doom it forever .
Clearly , these were states that did not fail in providing social services or distributing the benefits of economic growth widely .
Yet in the end it did not matter .
The Tunisian and Egyptian people were , to paraphrase Howard Beale , mad as hell at their governments , and they were not going to take it anymore .
A second lesson is that rapid economic growth does not buy political stability on its own , unless political institutions are allowed to develop and mature rapidly as well .
They were rallying against a political regime that they felt was insular , arbitrary , and corrupt , and that did not allow them adequate voice .
A political regime that can handle these pressures need not be democratic in the Western sense of the term .
Evidently , the Chinese government did not want its citizens to read up on the Egyptian protests and get the wrong idea .
China is not Tunisia or Egypt , of course .
CAMBRIDGE -- One does not have to spend much time in developing countries to observe how their economies are a mish-mash , combining the productive with the unproductive , the First World with the Third .
Of course , mining can not absorb so many workers , so the rest of the Malawian labor force must seek jobs in considerably less productive parts of the economy .
Other sectors have not had similar opportunities , and the gaps between them and the `` globalized '' sectors have widened .
What has not been sufficiently understood is that much of this growth has come through rationalization of operations and technological upgrading -- and thus at the price of job creation .
Overall productivity in the economy is not helped much when firms become more productive by shedding workers , who end up in informal activities characterized by substantially lower productivity .
Structural change does not automatically accelerate economic development .
Globalization does not alter this underlying reality .
I was first briefed by a former Monitor Company employee , who gently intimated that I should not to expect too much .
And Saif al-Islam 's recent support for his father suggests that he is not the liberal reformer many took him to be .
But choosing an action for the greater good does not absolve us from moral culpability .
In the end , an adviser to authoritarian leaders can not escape the dilemma .
But when the adviser believes his work will benefit those whom the leader effectively holds hostage , he has a duty not to withhold advice .
If the adviser does not come out of the interaction feeling somewhat tainted and a bit guilty , he has probably not reflected enough about the nature of the relationship .
In principle , low post-crisis growth in the advanced countries need not impede poor countries ' economic performance .
Growth ultimately depends on supply-side factors -- investment in and acquisition of new technologies -- and the stock of technologies that can be adopted by poor countries does not disappear when advanced countries ' growth is sluggish .
So lagging countries ' growth potential is determined by their ability to close the gap with the technology frontier -- not by how rapidly the frontier itself is advancing .
ISTANBUL -- In a Hollywood courtroom drama , you know that the hero , set up by the bad guys , will eventually be cleared -- but not before the noose tightens around his neck .
The cases are comical -- or would be if they were not really happening in a country of 74 million people whose strategic importance is difficult to overstate .
Perhaps most dramatically of all , the coup documents contain much information that could not possibly have been known at the time , including references to companies , NGOs , hospitals , and many other entities that were established years after the plan is supposed to have been hatched .
But the police made an elementary error that revealed the set-up : after supposedly receiving an anonymous tip about Ahmet A. -LRB- a pseudonym -RRB- , they mistakenly searched Ahmet B. 's home -- and yet somehow found the incriminating files among B. 's possessions . Ahmet B. is obviously not Ahmet A. , and the only explanation is that the evidence was planted -- in the wrong house .
Vindication comes quickly in Hollywood movies , but not in Turkey , whose courts have so far seemed oblivious to the glaring problems with evidence presented by police and prosecutors .
The mainstream independent media do not even report the inconsistencies for fear of provoking the government or the Gülen network .
Of course , heterodoxy does not always produce payoffs .
But the fact that some of the world 's most successful economies prospered while doing things that are not in the rule-book is something that can not be dismissed easily .
But the investor in the developing country who figures out that an existing good can be produced profitably at home and sets up a model for others to emulate does not normally get such protection , even though the social returns can be high .
Laissez-faire is not the optimal solution here , just as it is not in the case of research and development of new products .
Two-track reform worked well in Deng 's China but not in Gorbachev 's Soviet Union .
Import-substitution fostered competitive industries in Brazil , but not in Argentina .
Gradualism may be appropriate to India , not Chile .
It is not that economic principles work differently in different places , or need to be tailored to local conditions .
But these principles do not demand specific institutional solutions .
Because policymakers operate in second-best environments , optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - can not be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins .
Since 1990 , manufacturing 's share of employment has fallen by nearly five percentage points . This would not necessarily have been a bad thing if labor productivity -LRB- and earnings -RRB- were not substantially higher in manufacturing than in the rest of the economy -- 75 % higher , in fact .
These industries have created some new jobs , but not many -- and that was before the financial crisis erupted in 2008 .
For developing countries , expanding manufacturing industries enables not only improved resource allocation , but also dynamic gains over time .
This is very different from the `` conditional convergence '' that characterizes the rest of the economy , in which productivity growth is not assured and depends on policies and external circumstances .
Here , too , it is not difficult to discern the broad outlines of a solution .
Yet this can not mean that fiscal policy for , say , Greece or Italy would be run from Berlin .
While the need for fiscal unification is increasingly recognized , it is not clear whether European leaders are willing to confront its ultimate political logic head-on .
In fact , the kind of markets that modern economies need are not self-creating , self-regulating , self-stabilizing , or self-legitimizing .
The trick is not to discard the water and the sugar , but to get the proportions right .
Yet the tens of thousands of workers that pencil factories in China employ would most likely have remained poor farmers if the government had not given market forces a nudge to get the industry off the ground .
CAMBRIDGE -- As if the economic ramifications of a full-blown Greek default were not terrifying enough , the political consequences could be far worse .
It would destabilize not only the highly-indebted European periphery , but also core countries like France and Germany , which have been the architects of that project .
Free trade and the gold standard had required downplaying domestic priorities such as social reform , nation-building , and cultural reassertion . Economic crisis and the failure of international cooperation undermined not only globalization , but also the elites that upheld the existing order .
The result is that mounting concerns about the erosion of economic security , social stability , and cultural identity could not be handled through mainstream political channels .
Europe 's centrist politicians have committed themselves to a strategy of `` more Europe '' that is too rapid to ease local anxieties , yet not rapid enough to create a real Europe-wide political community .
If centrist elites do not prove themselves up to the task , those of the far right will gladly fill the vacuum , minus the moderation .
In research that I carried out with Margaret McMillan and Karen Horn Welch , we estimated that the efficiency gains generated by the removal of the export restrictions could not have amounted to more than $ 6.6 million annually , or about 0.14 % of Mozambique 's GDP .
The main failure was that liberalization did not send credible signals about future policies .
The underlying theory is straightforward : if bosses can steal , distant owners will not buy shares .
They do not control the main costs that shareholders face when they do not manage the company themselves , such as unprofitable expansion , shirking , retention of free cash flow , and empire building .
But these institutions reflect the political power of social forces , not the differences between civil-law and common-law systems .
Faced with a no-fire rule , shareholders have reason to be very cautious : if expansion is not profitable , they can not reduce labor costs .
Similarly , where shareholder interests do not come first , say , in a corporatist system , dominant owners have greater reason to keep financial information private , lest labor use it to press for more favorable terms .
The Egyptian revolution is political thus far , not economic .
It is not financially nimble ; it is often captured by the regulated ; and when economic times are good , no official wants to spoil the party .
The government intervenes in the economy less than in most advanced nations , and major social programs like universal health care are not as deeply embedded in the US as elsewhere .
But these are not the only dimensions to consider in judging how capitalist the US really is .
The law is clear : the corporation 's board of directors , not its shareholders , runs the business .
Ownership in large American firms is diffuse , with block-holding shareholders scarce , even today . Hedge funds with big blocks of stock are news , not the norm .
If a shareholder dislikes , say , how GM 's directors are running the company -LRB- and , in the 1980 's and 1990 's , they were running it into the ground -RRB- , she is free to nominate new directors , but she must pay their hefty elections costs , and should expect that no one , particularly not GM , will ever reimburse her .
If she owns 100 shares , or 1,000 , or even 100,000 , challenging the incumbents is just not worthwhile .
Firms and their managers are subject to competitive markets and other constraints , but not to shareholder authority .
The actual proposal was anodyne , as it would allow only a few directors -- not enough to change a board 's majority -- to be nominated , and voted on , at the company 's expense .
Managers , not owners , get the final say in corporate decisions .
But when it 's managers vs. capital-owners , the US is managerialist , not capitalist .
It could not solve its financial problems , and eventually those problems -- largely recurring defaults -- catalyzed the 1787 Philadelphia convention to create a new United States .
Some states lacked the resources to pay . Others tried to pay but would not levy the taxes needed to do so .
George Washington bemoaned that America was not a `` respectable country . ''
Hamilton had not been a finance person .
But getting the dollars to repay the debt was not easy .
Jefferson and Madison did not want the country 's capital to be in the north , and Hamilton reluctantly agreed to support moving it to an area carved out of Virginia or Maryland .
The clearinghouses will have many advantages , but not as many as regulators might think .
Equally problematic is the fact that , while the clearinghouse and its participants can net wins and losses to reduce risk for those inside the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse does not assuredly eliminate the basic risk facing the entire financial system .
The contract with AIG is a derivatives contract , which goes through the clearinghouse ; but the contract with Citibank is another kind of contract , maybe just a regular loan , and does not go through the clearinghouse .
If that extra loss pushes a systemically vital Citibank over the precipice , the clearinghouse has not reduced systemic risk as advertised .
Whether the clearinghouse reduces systemic risk depends on the relative systemic importance of those inside and those outside the clearinghouse -- AIG versus Citibank in this basic example -- not on the clearinghouse 's capacity to reduce risk among its members .
This is not to deny that the supply of fresh water is getting tight . Left unattended , major disruptions for human society could occur .
Although we are not certain about the exact effects , many scientists believe that total annual precipitation will increase , but that its seasonality and the frequency of extremes may also increase .
From the writings of the earliest modern commentators on the drivers of socio-economic growth and decline -- Adam Smith , Edward Gibbon , Thomas Malthus , David Ricardo , and Karl Marx -- we see that concern about exhausting resources is not new . Malthus and Ricardo were particularly prescient about the roles of population , food , and energy resources .
Just because something worked over the past 200 years does not mean that it will necessarily continue to work .
Although avoiding a global water crisis will not be easy , we have at hand policies and technologies that , if properly applied , could see us safely through the next several decades , even in the face of increasing -- and increasingly wealthy -- populations .
Until a year ago , when I left a professorship at Harvard University to become the Fund 's chief economist , I was a vocal , if perhaps not vitriolic , critic of the IMF 's management of the international monetary system .
Although the IMF has changed a lot in recent years , there is no denying that there are still major holes in the international system -- not least the lack of a fair and orderly procedure for dealing with highly indebted countries that become insolvent .
More often than not , the country has over-extended itself financially through some combination of imprudence and bad luck .
No , obviously not .
Yes , I did not ask Hal what , exactly , he planned to do with my money -LRB- would he use it to fix his plumbing , to help his business , or would he waste it somehow ? -RRB- .
It is not always an easy process , and reasonable people can and do disagree about the design of IMF-supported programs both before and after the fact .
The IMF 's shareholders are its 184 member countries , and the Fund does not really pay dividends , other than in an accounting sense .
Poor children do not have reasonable access to health care .
Indeed , this disconnect may explain why polls do not give President Bush the credit for economic management that his strong record would seem to merit .
Interestingly , both sides cite America 's gaping trade deficit -- believe it or not , the US is soaking up two-thirds of global excess saving -- to support their arguments .
This is not the most likely scenario , but it is not unthinkable .
Has the time come to start laying the groundwork to sustain future growth , especially in poorer regions that have not yet shared in today 's prosperity ?
Do n't get me wrong , I am not arguing for fiscal profligacy .
Recent jitters about Iceland 's gaping trade deficit and Brazil 's new finance minister rippled around the world , reminding global investors that while many emerging markets are gradually moving towards investment-grade status , most are not there yet .
Like maintaining good health , it is not enough to concentrate on a single component .
True , countries that have not cleaned up their fiscal act , such as India , must not recklessly plunge ahead with big government projects without counterbalancing reforms to ensure sustainability .
Why not have George W. Bush , Putin , and the other leaders share a G-8 movie night , and then discuss their reactions over drinks afterwards ?
Rather than making really substantive improvements in the quantity and quality of aid delivery , not to mention finding a path towards better governance in Africa , they chose a desperate plea for photo ops with Bono and Angelina Jolie .
That would hardly look good given all the bashing China takes for not enforcing intellectual property rights more vigorously .
I am the first to admit that the US under President George W. Bush has not covered itself with multilateral glory in recent years . But accuse America of sabotaging the trade talks ?
And this is not to mention emerging market politicians ' failure to grasp that unilaterally reducing their excessive import restrictions would be a good idea even if rich countries sat on their hands .
So , unfortunately , even if Europe came to its senses and emerging markets showed greater enthusiasm for liberal trade , we may not see a big global deal until the next decade .
Unfortunately , this can not go on forever .
Governments may try to resist the fall of the dollar , but in today 's world of deep and fluid capital markets , they will not succeed indefinitely , even in Asia .
Moreover , although US policy is making everyone else look good for now , things might not be so comfortable if the dollar collapse leads to skyrocketing interest rates and a sustained global slowdown .
These superfunds , whose managers do not necessarily share the same passion for profit as private investors , are said to be squeezing the life out of interest rates and exchange rates .
Traders did not win every battle , of course .
Could it be true that huge government investors from Asia -LRB- not to mention Russia , Latin America , and the Middle East -RRB- have quietly taken control of world markets ?
Otherwise , George Soros and his wealthy fellow investors could not have dreamed of taking on the Bank of England .
Frankly , although I do not see the five-year-old global expansion coming to an end yet , there is no question that risks are on the rise , with output in the United States having slowed sharply in the third quarter , and central banks ' hands tied by inflation risks .
Further ahead , it is not hard to imagine geopolitical instability -- possibly emanating from Iran , Iraq , or North Korea -- unsettling markets .
Among other problems , the Kyoto Protocol does not go far enough towards redistributing carbon emission rights towards developing countries .
It is not like the US government , running a huge deficit despite an economic boom , does not need the money .
Unfortunately , however , Gore was not successful in carrying the torch on global warming when he was a politician .
One can not commend the 1990 's Clinton-Gore administration for taking any brave steps aimed at radically reducing carbon emissions .
It is not just politicians who have failed to provide leadership here .
The change of position by the Times , unfortunately , does not herald an about-face in the American electorate .
Developing countries ask why they should pay attention to global warming if rich countries are not prepared to curtail their own emissions sharply ?
Is it because some voters do not realize that the region has been enjoying greater economic stability than it has in decades ?
Crime abounds . International comparisons of corruption are not flattering .
It is not only China and India that are growing faster . Central Europe , Central Asia , and the violence-ridden Middle East are growing faster , too .
Obviously , moderation in output movements did not occur everywhere simultaneously .
As output and consumption become more stable , investors do not demand as large a risk premium .
Consider this . If you agree with the many pundits who say stock prices have gone too high , and are much more likely to fall than to rise further , you may be right -- but not if macroeconomic risk continues to drain from the system .
China 's leaders still face enormous challenges in maintaining domestic stability , and continuing quiescence can not be taken for granted .
So it is not surprising that private consumption continues to hold up even as US economic growth has shifted into lower gear .
It may not be good economics , but the strategy proved to be good politics , for a time .
The net result is that money is being parked temporarily in low-yield investments in the US , although this can not be the long-run trend .
Nevertheless , it is not hard to imagine scenarios in which the dollar collapses .
Thus , European finance ministers , too , will not be keen to admit any need for major policy changes to deal with risks from financial globalization .
Last but not least , the IMF , as the multilateral agency charged with maintaining global financial stability , ought to be providing more leadership .
Policymakers can not hide from that reality forever .
But Zoellick is not without his weaknesses .
Zoellick 's background as a lawyer hardly makes him perfect for the job , either . The World Bank presidency is not about negotiating treaties , as Zoellick did when he was US Trade Representative .
Reform number one , of course , is to ensure that the next World Bank President is not an American .
The World Bank should be ashamed that its president has not yet offered a similar proposal .
True , the Bank 's poorest clients have little access to private capital markets . By and large , however , the poorest countries need grants , not loans that they still wo n't be able to pay in 20 years .
Last but not least , the Bank needs to play a much bigger role in environmental issues and , in general , in promoting good international citizenship by both rich and poor countries . -LRB- Some of us have been proposing this for almost two decades . -RRB-
Many societies view healthcare as a right , not a luxury .
I am not arguing against healthcare capitalism , but warning that support will become fragile , far more so than for , say , globalization nowadays .
Central bankers can not explain equity or housing prices and their movements any better than investors can .
But , while Bernanke 's view is theoretically rigorous , reality is not . One problem is that academic models assume that central banks actually know what output and inflation are in real time .
I foresee a series of interest rate cuts by the Fed , which should not be viewed as a concession to asset markets , but rather as recognition that the real economy needs help .
In a sense , a central bank 's relationship with asset markets is like that of a man who claims he is going to the ballet to make himself happy , not to make his wife happy . But then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy , he can not be happy .
For starters , the roof is starting to collapse on the global housing bubble , as housing markets begin to freeze up not only in the United States , but also in many other countries , such as high-flying Spain .
Last , but not least , the US productivity boom is decelerating .
Maybe not , but Americans will certainly find global hegemony a lot more expensive if the dollar falls off its perch .
Last but not least , US tax policy hardly encourages private-sector savings , especially giving the preferential tax treatment of real estate .
Instead , union influence today all too often serves to promulgate inflexible work practices and flat salary structures that do not adequately reward work effort and skill .
Now , after the explosive post-war expansion of global trade , most unions have seen their monopoly power eroded , if not shattered .
Legitimate questions about how the Colombian government conducted its epic civil war with drug-financed rebels do not trump broader issues .
So anti-pact activists have complained that Colombia is anti-union because it does not protect union members from rebel violence .
Unfortunately , the parallel between today 's US crisis and previous financial crises is not mere hyperbole .
When Asia and Latin America had their financial meltdowns in the 1990 's and early 2000 's , they took advice not only from the IMF , but also from a number of small panels composed of eminent people representing diverse backgrounds and experiences .
The head of the IMF , Frenchman Dominique Strauss-Kahn , could easily select a superb panel from any range of former crisis countries , including Mexico , Brazil , Korea , Turkey , Japan , and Sweden , not to mention Argentina , Russia , Chile , and many others .
In fact , having countries like Russia and China more vested in the well-being of the US economy would not be a bad thing .
Yes , the IMF ought to develop a voluntary code of conduct for SWF 's , but it should not be used as a weapon to enforce financial protectionism .
Citizens of rich countries may be self-centered and self-indulgent , but things are not quite as horrible as some would have us believe .
Besides , it is not like there is huge profit for G-8 leaders in trying to collect coins from impoverished peoples living on a dollar a day .
The real issue is how much money rich-country governments will be giving poor-country governments , not vice versa .
I beg to differ ; my reading of the evidence suggests that donors really do need to take extreme care not to make things worse , and that this is far more difficult to achieve in corrupt countries than the UN suggests .
If the G-8 leaders are serious about helping poor countries , finding a reliable way to support grant aid and promote accountability for donors and recipients , not debt relief , is the place to start .
It might not be comfortable , but it would be educational .
But even if the Fed does not admit it in its forecasts , the price of this `` insurance policy '' will almost certainly be higher inflation down the road , and perhaps for several years .
Others , such as Russia and Argentina , do not literally peg to the dollar but nevertheless try to smooth movements .
In that case , inflation could easily rise to 1980 's -LRB- if not quite 1970 's -RRB- levels throughout much of the world .
If the euro were fully ready for prime time , we might well be seeing it 's dollar exchange rate jump to over 2.00 , and not just to 1.65 or 1.70 , as it seems poised to do anyway .
And it is not over .
Oil Currency Hypocrisy CAMBRIDGE -- Does it make sense for United States Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson to be touring the Middle East supporting the region 's hard dollar exchange-rate pegs , while the Bush administration simultaneously blasts Asian countries for not letting their currencies appreciate faster against the dollar ?
It is not at all hard to imagine the whole strategy boomeranging in early 2009 , soon after the next US president takes office .
Of course , a strengthening of the oil currencies -LRB- including not only the Gulf States , but also other Middle East countries and Russia -RRB- would not turn around the US trade balance overnight .
Perhaps the administration worries that it can not simultaneously beg for lower dollar oil prices and help promote a weaker dollar .
Oil prices are set in a world market , and depend mainly on the quantities demanded and supplied by different regions , not the currency of payment .
It is not at all clear that the dollar price of oil would evolve any differently if the euro , rather than the dollar , were the reference currency .
The World 's Runaway Train CAMBRIDGE -- The global economy is a runaway train that is slowing , but not quickly enough .
Unfortunately , no one , certainly not in Asia or the United States , seems willing to bite the bullet and help engineer the necessary coordinated retreat to sustained sub-trend growth , which is necessary so that new commodity supplies and alternatives can catch up .
All this need not end horribly , but policymakers in most regions have to start pressing hard on the brakes , not the accelerator .
Some central bankers tell us not to worry , because they will be much more disciplined than central banks were in the 1970 's , when the world faced a similar commodity price spike .
It certainly is not getting any easier to drive around in places like São Paulo , Dubai , and Shanghai .
For a variety of reasons , mostly related to government intervention , few emerging market economies can be categorized as having flexible resource demand , so commodity price spikes are not having a particularly big effect on demand .
The central bankers who tell us not to worry about inflation point to relative wage stability .
But the current expansion is unusual in that , due to unique -LRB- in the modern era -RRB- circumstances , labor constraints are not the problem .
In anglophone countries , presidents and prime ministers , not to mention some leading central bankers , boasted of superior financial systems that were the envy of the world .
If you can not be Silicon Valley , then why not create a mini-Wall Street ?
Financial firms are screaming murder , but it is not obvious that broader and better financial regulation would be a bad thing .
Not allowing the necessary consolidation is weakening credit markets , not strengthening them .
If central banks are faced with a massive hit to their balance sheets , it will not necessarily be the end of the world .
Why not the auto and steel industries , or any of the other industries that have suffered downturns in recent years ?
In principle , the financial industry can become smaller by having each institution contract proportionately , say , by 15 % . But this is not the typical pattern in any industry .
It is time to take stock of the crisis and recognize that the financial industry is undergoing fundamental shifts , and is not simply the victim of speculative panic against housing loans . Certainly better regulation is part of the answer over the longer run , but it is no panacea .
Perhaps , but let 's not forget that a lot of very smart people in the financial industry thought the same thing until quite recently .
The idea is that the US government would serve as buyer of last resort for the junk debt that the private sector has not been able to price .
Investment bankers have been losing their cushy jobs because they could not figure out any convincing way to price distressed mortgage debt .
I , for one , am not convinced .
Efficient financial systems are supposed to promote growth in the real economy , not impose a huge tax burden .
I am not suggesting that the government should sit on its hands .
The proposal that was defeated was not sufficiently targeted at pruning back insolvent banks , but it will almost certainly not be the last word , regardless of how Congress now proceeds .
Super-Sizing the IMF is Wrong CAMBRIDGE -- As the global financial crisis radiates out from the developed economies into emerging markets , it is ravaging not only governance-challenged economies such as Venezuela , Russia , and Argentina . The crisis is also striking countries like Brazil , Korea , and South Africa , which appeared to have made substantial and lasting progress towards macroeconomic stability .
Emerging-market companies alone have hundreds of billions coming due in the next twelve months , far more than their governments ' reserves can cover if credit markets do not normalize .
But this is not realistic , given the lack of an adequate system for global governance .
Even the euro area , which is far more cohesive than the world as a whole , has not quite figured out how to use its central bank as lender of last resort .
But increasing its resources to a trillion dollars or more is not a realistic option , either .
The IMF does not have an adequate framework for handling the massive defaults that could easily attend a huge surge in lending , much less the political will to distinguish between countries that are facing genuine short-term liquidity problems and countries that are actually facing insolvency problems .
Thus , even though the United States and Japan will not be raising interest rates anytime soon , lower foreign rates still make the dollar and yen relatively more attractive .
Neither will end soon , mind you , perhaps not for another seven or eight months , if not longer .
For the moment , global investors can not get enough of US treasury bills , as collapsing interest rates for short-term US securities demonstrates .
Unfortunately , the closer one examines the alternatives , including capital injections for banks and direct help for home mortgage holders , the clearer it becomes that inflation would be a help , not a hindrance .
Moderate inflation in the short run -- say , 6 % for two years -- would not clear the books . But it would significantly ameliorate the problems , making other steps less costly and more effective .
Certainly , a key part of the solution is to allow more banks to fail , ensuring that depositors are paid off in full , but not necessarily debt holders .
Of course , given the ongoing recession , it may not be so easy for central banks to achieve any inflation at all right now .
Fortunately , creating inflation is not rocket science .
George Bush is not alone in worrying that things might get a lot worse before they get better .
Historical statistical relationships are perhaps cold comfort in a downturn that now seems so insidiously different from previous catastrophes . But they should not be dismissed .
The complete policy paralysis that has prevailed during the interregnum between Presidents Bush and Obama has not helped .
Nevertheless , the distinct possibility that stimulus and restructuring may work is further cause to hope that the deepening recession will not morph into a full-blown depression .
The US may be ground zero for the global financial crisis , but it is not the only country riven by self-doubt .
Europe and Japan do not have quite as complex financial messes as the US . But these regions are nevertheless mired in recession .
The immediate problem is a credit crunch not so much in China as in the United States and Europe , where many small and medium-size importers can not get the trade credits they need to buy inventory from abroad .
Schools and hospitals simply do not generate the kind of fast tax revenue and GDP growth needed to outperform political rivals .
This is not to say that the US and China are the same .
Even those countries that are not actively engaged in a fiscal orgy are seeing their surpluses collapse and their deficits soar , mainly in the face of falling tax revenues .
Unfortunately , in 2009 , the global economy will not be a bed of roses .
Other countries , such as Ireland , Britain , and the US , started with a much stronger fiscal position , but may not be much better off when the smoke clears .
Unfortunately , the endgame to the great recession of the 2000 's will not be a pretty picture .
The outcome could impact the world -- and not only the esoteric world of international finance -- for decades to come .
Above all , regulators would force financiers to hold more cash on hand to cover their own bets , and not rely so much on taxpayers as a backstop .
If our leaders can not find a new approach , there is every chance that financial globalization will shift quickly into reverse , making it all the more difficult to escape the current morass .
Why not again ?
If authorities set the clock back several decades on banking regulation , can we be so sure they will not also set the clock back on income ?
Higher taxes and greater regulation can not be good for growth .
Even before the financial crisis , it was clear that China could not continue indefinitely on its growth trajectory of 10 % or more .
It was becoming increasingly clear that as China continued to grow faster than almost anyone else , the rest of the world 's import capacity -LRB- and tolerance -RRB- could not keep up with China 's export machine .
Europe , too , faces challenges , and not just from the fact that it now has the worst downturn of the world 's major economic regions , with Germany 's government warning of a surreal 6 % decline in GDP for 2009 .
Governments are right to worry about the quality of growth , not just its speed .
Despite Chinese official rhetoric about the need for a new global currency to replace the dollar , and US lawmakers ' flirtation with `` Buy American '' clauses -LRB- which scares everyone , not just the Chinese -RRB- , no one will want to rock a boat that has almost capsized .
Greater financial regulation in the US means consumers will not be able to borrow so easily to rack up huge mortgage and credit card debt .
US and Chinese leaders have fought the crisis with not only massive fiscal stimulus , but also deep intervention into credit markets .
Such extraordinary fiscal largesse , all at taxpayers ' expense , can not continue indefinitely .
For better or for worse , it may not be possible to turn back the clock .
Frankly , higher US personal saving rates would not be a bad thing .
The US and China are not solely responsible for these imbalances , but their relationship is certainly at the center of it .
Let 's hope that this time there is more than talk . If US and Chinese policymakers instead surrender to the temptation of slipping back to the pre-crisis imbalances , the roots of the next crisis will grow like bamboo . And that would not be good news for the US and China , or anyone else .
Yet , ugly or not , the downturn will eventually end .
It is not a pretty picture .
Some commentators have savaged Europe 's policymakers for not orchestrating as aggressive a fiscal and monetary policy as their US counterparts have .
An epic , financial-crisis-driven recession , such as the one we are still experiencing , is not a one-year event .
So policymakers ' responses can not be evaluated by short-term measures , either .
The real question is not whether Europe is using sufficiently aggressive Keynesian stimulus , but whether Europe will resume its economic reform efforts as the crisis abates .
Admittedly , the past year has not been a proud one for policy reform in Europe .
Matters were not helped when the Czech government lost a confidence vote midway through its six-month presidency of the European Union , leaving a lame duck European Commission .
If reform resumes , there is no reason why Europe should not enjoy a decade of per capita income growth at least as high as that of the US .
One shudders to think what will happen if Europe does not pull out of its current funk .
Europeans may not mind this right now -LRB- one sees more Obama t-shirts in Europe than in the US -RRB- , but they might not be so happy if a George Bush III comes along .
Fortunately , Europeans will probably not wait so long to start moving ahead again .
After one year , trillions of dollars in public monies , and much soul searching in the world 's policy community , have we learned the right lessons ? I fear not .
The overwhelming consensus in the policy community is that if only the government had bailed out Lehman , the whole thing would have been a hiccup and not a heart attack . Famous investors and leading policymakers alike have opined that in our ultra-interconnected global economy , a big financial institution like Lehman can never be allowed to fail .
It was not just Lehman Brothers . The entire financial system was totally unprepared to deal with the inevitable collapse of the housing and credit bubbles .
China 's Dollar Problem CAMBRIDGE -- When will China finally realize that it can not accumulate dollars forever ?
Perhaps the Chinese should not worry .
A key pillar of their prevention strategy is to scale back `` global imbalances , '' a euphemism for the huge US trade deficit and the corresponding trade surpluses elsewhere , not least China .
When they do -- and assuming that the government does not suddenly tighten its belt -LRB- it has no credible plan to do so -RRB- -- there is every likelihood that America 's appetite for foreign cash will surge again .
But they will not worry too much about the next financial crisis when the aftermath of the current one still lingers .
But there is no reason in principle that Chinese planners can not follow the same model in reorienting the economy to a more domestic-demand-led growth strategy .
Otherwise , they would not be calling so publicly for the International Monetary Fund to advance an alternative to the dollar as a global currency .
A dollar crisis is not around the corner , but it is certainly a huge risk over the next five to 10 years .
China does not want to be left holding a $ 4 trillion bag when it happens .
Nevertheless , the legacy of the huge contraction in credit is not likely to go away anytime soon .
Lenders to banks will not bother worrying about what kinds of gambles and investments financial institutions are making , or whether regulation is effective .
But G-20 policymakers are best advised not to bet on it , and to counsel patience , particularly in epicenter countries .
And , with its relatively open goods and capital markets , Dubai has become a trading hub not only for the entire Middle East , but also for parts of Africa and Asia .
This local artist has lived through the stunning transformation of the city-state over the past 13 years , which has been driven by the kind of building boom that one associates with the fastest growing Chinese cities , not the Middle East .
While the Dubai case is not different , it is special , so the effect on investor confidence should remain contained for now .
Unfortunately , the supremely confident Kasparov did not take Deep Blue seriously enough in the 1997 rematch .
Indeed , chess programs now come very close to passing the late British mathematician Alan Turing 's ultimate test of artificial intelligence : can a human conversing with the machine tell it is not human ?
Encouragingly , the answer is `` not yet . ''
In short , I do not share the view of many that , after the Internet and the personal computer , it will be a long wait until the next paradigm-shifting innovation .
Barring another round of deep financial crises , it wo n't be -- as long as politicians do not stand in the way of the new paradigm of trade , technology , and artificial intelligence .
Avoiding default may be possible , but it will not be easy .
But the problem is not only the numbers ; it is one of credibility .
A debt crisis is not inevitable .
But the government urgently needs to implement credible fiscal adjustment , concentrating not only higher taxation , but also on rolling back some of the incredible growth in government spending -- from 45 % of GDP to 52 % of GDP -- that occurred between 2007 and 2009 .
I have Greek friends who say that Greece is not alone .
But , whereas we are likely to see a wave of defaults and IMF programs this time , too , fiscal meltdown does not have to hit every highly indebted country .
If not , Greece will have less control over its adjustment and potentially experience far greater trauma , perhaps eventually outright default .
But you can not outrun a lion , says the other man , to which the first replies : `` I do n't have to outrun the lion .
Chinese leaders love pointing to Japan as the prime reason not to allow any significant appreciation of their conspicuously undervalued currency .
The Fund does not bestow gifts ; it only offers bridge loans to give bankrupt countries time to solve their budget problems .
It will be very tough -- not only for Greece , but for all the other overextended countries of Europe -- to tighten fiscal policy in the midst of recession without risking a deepening spiral .
It is not going to be an easy balancing act . If the Fund attaches tough `` German-style '' conditions to its loans , it risks provoking immediate confrontation and default .
The problem with being `` Mr. Nice Guy '' for too long is that , even with its vast new resources , the IMF can not let clients hang on forever .
If it does , it might not have sufficient funds for the next crisis , which will inevitably come , possibly from an unexpected quarter such as Japan or China .
Moreover , if the Fund loses all credibility for catalyzing budget reform , its magnanimous bailouts will only serve to exacerbate the larger global sovereign-debt crisis that is brewing not just in Europe , but in the United States , Japan , and elsewhere .
The question for the IMF in Europe is not whether it has a plan viable for getting in .
CAMBRIDGE -- When the next full-scale global financial crisis hits , let it not be said that the International Monetary Fund never took a stab at forestalling it .
Countries that did not experience recent bank meltdowns , such as Canada , Australia , China , Brazil , and India , are unenthusiastic .
But the IMF 's big-picture diagnosis of the problem gets a lot right . Financial systems are bloated by implicit taxpayer guarantees , which allow banks , particularly large ones , to borrow money at interest rates that do not fully reflect the risks they take in search of outsized profits .
Perhaps the next crisis will not turn out so `` well , '' and the losses borne by the public will be staggering .
But , while regulation must address the oversized bank balance sheets that were at the root of the crisis , the IMF is right not to focus excessively on fixing the `` too big to fail '' problem .
Let 's not go too far in defending the `` holdout '' countries that are resisting the IMF proposal .
One can only hope that the spill will be contained soon , and that the ever-darkening worst-case scenarios will not materialize .
And the problem is not just with oil .
But , even if we are not getting any better at dealing with financial crises , things have not necessarily been getting worse , either .
Perhaps the G-20 government leaders have not done quite as brilliant a job plugging the hole in the financial system as they claim .
Now , we may soon face the same concerns over energy policy , and not just for oil .
The problem is not just in emerging markets such as Indonesia , Mexico , and Brazil , where an ascendant left has failed to find a viable alternative to the much reviled `` Washington Consensus '' of economic liberalization .
Even in the United States , one of the few places where economic liberalization is not a dirty word , President George W. Bush has his own frustrations .
The problem is that most people are not thrilled to live in a world of blindingly fast change .
Whereas India is not yet nearly the factor in global trade that China has become , its 1.2 billion people are pushing inexorably onto the scene .
Will politicians finally tell their citizens that if their economies continue to sleep , they may not wake up ?
Advocating a carbon tax in response to the oil spill does not have to be just a way of exploiting tragedy in the Gulf to help finance outsized government spending .
Modern-day record unemployment and extreme inequality may seem far less tolerable as young people realize that some of the most cherished `` free '' things in life -- palatable weather , clean air , and nice beaches , for example -- can not be taken for granted .
Yet , in assessing the Japanese experience and its relevance today , it is important to recognize that Japan 's fall to earth was due not only to its financial crisis .
Last but not least , Japan 's hyper-growth years were built on a phenomenal rate of investment .
But , because productivity ultimately must be built on innovation , not just on ever more buildings and equipment , it was inevitable that returns on investment would turn south at some point .
In Europe , too , if there are adverse growth effects over the next decade , they can not all be blamed on the financial crisis .
Last but not least , however , it is important to try to preserve dynamism in the US and European economies through productivity-enhancing measures -- for example , by being vigilant about anti-trust policy , and by streamlining and simplifying tax systems .
In the end , policymakers must remember that whether or not the US and Europe avoid a lost decade depends on their ability to retain productive vitality in their economies , not simply on short-term demand-stimulation measures .
Little wonder that , with mid-term congressional elections coming in November , Americans are angrily asking why the government 's hyper-aggressive stimulus policies have not turned things around .
Cutting taxes is certainly not bad in principle , especially for supporting long-term investment and growth . But there are several problems with the gospel of lower taxes .
Some argue passionately that now is no time to worry about future debt problems , but , in my view , any realistic assessment of the medium-term risks does not permit us simply to dismiss such concerns .
Last but not least , there is a fairness issue .
By some measures , nearly half of all Americans do not pay any income tax already , so cutting taxes skews an already very unequal income distribution .
There are surely many useful activities for the government to undertake in a market economy , but a frenzied orgy of stimulus spending is not conducive to rational discussion of what they should be .
While the Fed is still reluctant to compromise its long-term independence , I suspect that before this is over it will use most , if not all , of the tools outlined by Bernanke .
Admittedly , getting to a much higher price for gold is not quite the leap of imagination that it seems .
Even so , the fact that very high inflation is possible does not make it probable , so one should be cautious in arguing that higher gold prices are being driven by inflation expectations .
The US is not making a demand as much as it is issuing a plea for help .
Still , even if other world leaders conclude that they can not support numerical targets , they must recognize the pain that the US is suffering in the name of free trade .
Germany might rightly argue that it has followed a relatively laissez-faire attitude towards trade , and that it should not be punished , despite its chronic surpluses .
Although one would never know it from listening to the Congressional debate , the main effect of an agreement would be to lower Colombian barriers on US goods , not vice versa .
This has not happened -- one of countless examples of obstacles faced by US companies around the world .
The Portuguese rightly argue that their situation is not as dire as that of Greece , which is already in the economic equivalent of intensive care .
But bailouts for Portugal and Spain are only the next -- and not necessarily final -- phase of the crisis .
Denial is a not a useful policy for dealing with a financial crisis .
Perhaps when we have one world government , it will make sense to have one world currency . But , even setting aside the equilibrating benefits of flexible currencies , the prospect of a single , omnipotent central bank is not particularly appealing .
But the continuing success of the floating exchange-rate system does not imply a smooth ride in 2011 .
For now , however , European policymakers seem to prefer to keep escalating the size of bridge loans to the periphery , not wanting to acknowledge that private markets will ultimately require a more durable and sustainable solution .
So observers should not just be asking how far similar events will spread across the region ; they should be asking themselves what kind of changes might be coming at home in the face of similar , if not quite so extreme , economic pressures .
Resurgent prices for commodities are creating huge revenues for owners of mines and oil fields , even as price spikes for basic staples are sparking food riots , if not wholesale revolutions , in the developing world .
It can not help that the government is simultaneously being forced to absorb new austerity measures to deal with the country 's precarious debt burden .
Germany must worry not only about its own vulnerable citizens , but also about how to find the resources to bail out its southern neighbors in Europe .
The causes of growing inequality within countries are well understood , and it is not necessary to belabor them here .
Social mobility is further impeded as the rich shower their children with private education and after-school help , while the poorest in many countries can not afford even to let their children stay in school .
Writing in the nineteenth century , Karl Marx famously observed inequality trends in his day and concluded that capitalism could not indefinitely sustain itself politically .
What is clear is that inequality is not just a long-term issue .
Inequality is the big wildcard in the next decade of global growth , and not just in North Africa .
The remit of Sweden 's fiscal council is particularly broad , giving it a mandate not only to forecast , but also to look more deeply at the motivations and consequences of government policy .
Of course , fiscal councils by themselves are not enough , no matter how well designed they are .
To be sure , Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right , and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever .
Growing inequality would not be such a problem if governments could simply raise taxes on the rich and strengthen subsidies to the poor .
This is not to say that unskilled workers are actually being made worse off by globalization in absolute terms ; the vast majority are actually breaking even or better .
But unskilled workers ' incomes are not keeping pace with overall economic growth , and the resulting social strains are a ticking bomb .
Otherwise , globalization 's storyline may not proceed according to the script .
Critics insist that QE is the beginning of the end of the global financial system , if not of civilization itself .
Whether or not the critics are right , one thing is clear : with the Fed lagging other global central banks in the monetary-tightening cycle , and with rating agencies contemplating a downgrade of America 's credit score , the US dollar 's purchasing power has sunk to an all-time low against the currencies of America 's trading partners .
Bernanke 's defense was robust and unequivocal . He argued that QE is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim .
It does not want to rush , because the US economy is still weak , with first-quarter growth a lackluster 1.8 % .
But it can not wait too long , lest inflation expectations drift to a dangerously high level , forcing the Fed to move aggressively -- and at the cost of considerable economic pain -- to wring inflation out of the system .
The cult of the `` Greenspan put '' stemmed from the previous Fed chairman 's avowed belief that the Fed should not try to resist a sharply rising stock market , except to the extent that such a market undermines the long-term stability of prices for ordinary goods .
The Fed probably would argue that it is the job of regulators to make sure that asset bubbles do not induce too much borrowing and an eventual debt crisis , though of course monetary policy has to be in the mix .
However , perhaps not wanting to cause problems for his foreign counterparts , Bernanke took a more cautious approach , merely defending the Fed 's policy as the right choice for America .
In defending the Fed 's policy , Bernanke had to be careful not to say anything that might overly alarm investors .
Carmen Reinhart and I proposed this moniker in our 2009 book This Time is Different , based on our diagnosis of the crisis as a typical deep financial crisis , not a typical deep recession .
The contraction applies not only to output and employment , as in a normal recession , but to debt and credit , and the deleveraging that typically takes many years to complete .
The economy not only regains its lost ground , but , within a year , it typically catches up to its rising long-run trend .
Many commentators have argued that fiscal stimulus has largely failed not because it was misguided , but because it was not large enough to fight a `` Great Recession . ''
It is too late to undo the bad forecasts and mistaken policies that have marked the aftermath of the financial crisis , but it is not too late to do better .
Unfortunately , the IMF is risking not only its members ' money , but , ultimately , its own institutional credibility .
Even for Greece , the IMF argued , debt dynamics were not a serious concern , thanks to anticipated growth and reforms .
But the financial crisis should have reminded everyone that the distinction between advanced economies and emerging markets is not a bright red line .
Europe 's future , not to mention the future of the IMF , depends on it .
CAMBRIDGE -- Europe is already in pickle , so why not add more vinegar ?
Ordinary Europeans have to pay value-added tax on most of the goods and services that they buy , so why not tax purchases of stocks , bonds , and all kinds of derivatives ?
The most generous interpretation is that the Commission simply does not believe economists ' estimates and analysis , and views an FTT as more workable than is commonly realized -LRB- a scenario that calls to mind the debate surrounding the creation of the euro -RRB- .
After all , there certainly is a case to be made that an FTT has so much gut-level popular appeal that politically powerful financial interests could not block it .
Even the best part of the plan , the proposed -LRB- but not really agreed -RRB- 50 % haircut for private-sector holders of Greek sovereign debt , is not sufficient to stabilize that country 's profound debt and growth problems .
Government investors are not necessarily driven by the return-maximizing calculus that motivates private investors .
Fifth , the current value of the euro does not seem wildly out of line on a purchasing-power basis . An exchange rate of $ 1.4 : ¤ 1 is cheap for Germany 's export powerhouse , which could probably operate well even with a far stronger euro .
Bush 's declared intention to `` better explain the reasons for his decisions '' to America 's Allies simply will not do .
However , Europeans consider the opinion recently expressed by Bush -- that Palestinian democracy and not Israeli occupation of the West Bank is at the core of the problem -- to be ill conceived .
European efforts to induce Teheran to renounce its nuclear designs by addressing Iran 's legitimate security concerns and offering important opportunities for economic and social betterment can not be successful without active US support .
In other words , Europe 's carrots are not enough ; a successful outcome requires American carrots , too .
Ennobling Democracy WARSAW &#45; &#45; Ever since democracy appeared in ancient Athens , it has generated suspicion among those who believe that humanity 's highest purpose is virtue , not freedom .
When pressed about his failing memory , he impatiently responded , `` Why am I expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether he graduated from university ? ''
The former Polish president , Aleksander Kwasniewski , had , it seemed , provided a perverse lesson in virtue when , having been caught lying about his educational credentials , protested that he did not remember whether he had actually defended his master 's thesis as required to receive his degree .
The growing strength and coherence of the opposition is not due to the number of disaffected Chávez supporters alone .
The opposition is now represented mostly by professional democratic politicians who not only united a wide group of factions , but also displaced the `` Salvadores de la Patria '' -LRB- the Nation 's Saviors -RRB- -- a group accustomed to leading the opposition from the reception rooms of the capital 's hotels .
This does not mean that Chávez 's revolutionary and anti-imperialist rhetoric has lost all its appeal . But it is no longer enough to guarantee his unchecked power .
Sink or Swim in the Philippines MANILA -- The tragedy of the sinking of the Princess of the Stars ferry in the waters off Romblon in the Philippines -- with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside -- is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities , but to manmade ones as well .
Philippine law , like that of most jurisdictions worldwide , classifies the business of transportation as a public convenience . It is undertaken not as an ordinary business under traditional conditions of laissez-faire , but as one vested with the public interest .
Simply put , the Philippine courts have not made it sufficiently costly for it to maintain non-seaworthy vessels .
As a general rule , though , Filipino ferry and ship passengers are poor and can not afford the services of lawyers or the high filing fees demanded by the courts .
Ahmadinejad replied that he did not deny it , but only criticized what he considered Israel 's `` political use '' of it .
A eurozone candidate 's inflation must not be more than 1.5 percentage points above the average of the three best performing EU states for one year .
It harms no one , and should not be penalized .
Finally , the interest rate criterion requires that rates on 10-year government bonds not be more than two percentage points above the rates in the three countries performing best in terms of inflation .
Here is the core problem : the criteria were devised when the eurozone did not exist .
Four large countries and several small ones had to be brought into nominal convergence to ensure that the anchor of a common currency did not rip their economies apart .
But the small countries now wishing to join the eurozone , which together make up 6 % of the zone 's economy , can not impose significant damage on existing members were they to get convergence wrong , let alone anything like the damage caused by Germany joining with an overvalued currency .
As at present , there would be a central rate with a fluctuation band of 15 % on either side to guide market expectations . However , intervention would not be required at these margins .
Reassuring alliance governments does not require only that `` any constructive engagement would have to be based on military reassurances within NATO , '' as prominent experts like Wolfgang Ischinger and Ulrich Weisser have said .
First , as the Helsinki Final Act put it , every sovereign nation has an inherent right `` to belong or not to belong to international organizations , to be or not to be a party to bilateral or multilateral treaties , including the right to be or not to be a party to treaties of alliance ; they also have the right to neutrality . ''
Back in February , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the alliance 's Strategic Concept seminar in Washington that , `` while Russia faces challenges to its security , NATO is not among them .
The main problem in the NATO-Russia relationship is not a lack of institutions , documents , or procedures , but a lack of transparency , confidence , and mutual trust .
In weighing that choice , Russia must not cling to Cold War rhetoric .
Whether the doctrine 's authors really believe that NATO poses a threat to Russia is not clear , as the country has not had such peaceable neighbors on its Western borders for more than 300 years .
And the common security agenda of confidence-building and transparency must be based on the indivisibility of security in Europe and the transatlantic area as a whole , including respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity -- not just for alliance members , but for all countries that belong to the broader transatlantic security community .
But interdependence does not in itself ensure control of the way relations develop between states , much less developments within them .
Other emerging markets in Asia , Africa , Latin America , and Europe will not fare better , and some may experience full-fledged financial crises .
Nevertheless , in the short run , very aggressive monetary and fiscal policy actions -- both traditional and non-traditional -- must be undertaken to ensure that the inevitable stag-deflation of 2009 does not persist into 2010 and beyond .
Given the severity of this economic and financial crisis , financial markets will not mend for a while .
Even in the guarantee model there can be such implicit government over-payment -LRB- or an over-guarantee that is not properly priced by the fees that the government receives -RRB- .
Second , the profits and earnings of corporations and financial institutions will not rebound as fast as the consensus predicts , as weak economic growth , deflationary pressures , and surging defaults on corporate bonds will limit firms ' pricing power and keep profit margins low .
The crucial issue , however , is not when the global economy will bottom out , but whether the global recovery -- whenever it comes -- will be robust or weak over the medium term .
One can not rule out a couple of quarters of sharp GDP growth as the inventory cycle and the massive policy boost lead to a short-term revival .
Second , this is a crisis of solvency , not just liquidity , but true deleveraging has not really started , because private losses and debts of households , financial institutions , and even corporations are not being reduced , but rather socialized and put on government balance sheets .
So the credit crunch will not ease quickly .
Seventh , monetization of fiscal deficits is not inflationary in the short run , whereas slack product and labor markets imply massive deflationary forces .
Eighth , some emerging-market economies with weaker economic fundamentals may not be able to avoid a severe financial crisis , despite massive IMF support .
But if domestic demand does not grow fast enough in surplus countries , the resulting lack of global demand relative to supply -- or , equivalently , the excess of global savings relative to investment spending -- will lead to a weaker recovery in global growth , with most economies growing far more slowly than their potential .
Moreover , the sharp rise in some asset prices threatens the recovery of a global economy that has not yet hit bottom .
First , confidence and risk aversion are fickle , and bouts of renewed volatility may occur if macroeconomic and financial data were to surprise on the downside -- as they may if a near-term and robust global recovery -LRB- which many people expect -RRB- does not materialize .
Worse , the recovery is likely to be anemic and sub-par -- well below potential for a couple of years , if not longer -- as the burden of debts and leverage of the private sector combine with rising public sector debts to limit the ability of households , financial firms , and corporations to lend , borrow , spend , consume , and invest .
The role that high oil prices played in the summer of 2008 in tipping the global economy into recession should not be underestimated .
As a result , one can not rule out that by late 2010 or 2011 , a perfect storm of oil above $ 100 a barrel , rising government-bond yields , and tax increases -LRB- as governments seek to avoid debt-refinancing risks -RRB- may lead to a renewed growth slowdown , if not an outright double-dip recession .
But much of the rise is not justified , as it is driven by excessively optimistic expectations of a rapid recovery of growth towards its potential level , and by a liquidity bubble that is raising oil prices and equities too fast too soon .
Prime borrowers with good credit scores and investment-grade firms are not experiencing a credit crunch at this point , as the former have access to mortgages and consumer credit while the latter have access to bond and equity markets .
But non-prime borrowers -- about one-third of US households -- do not have much access to mortgages and credit cards .
Gold rose above $ 1,000 again in February-March 2009 , when it looked like most of the financial system in the United States and Europe might be near insolvency , and that many governments could not guarantee deposits and backstop the financial system , because banks that were too big to fail were also too big to be saved .
America 's foreign creditors would not accept a sharp reduction in their dollar assets ' real value that debasement of the dollar via inflation and devaluation would entail .
But a weaker euro would not eliminate the need for structural reforms ; otherwise , the benefits would go mostly to countries like Germany that undertook painful reforms to restore competitiveness via a reduction in relative unit labor costs .
Under the former , the European Commission would impose fiscal and structural conditionality on Greece , while the EU and\/or ECB would provide financing , which would be absolutely necessary , because announcing even the best conceived reform program would not be sufficient to restore lost policy credibility .
At the same time , if Greece does not fully adjust its policies to restore fiscal sustainability and competitiveness , a partial bailout by the EU and the ECB will still be likely in order to avoid the risk of contagion to the rest of the euro zone and the consequent threat to the monetary union 's survival .
In countries that can not issue debt in their own currency -LRB- traditionally emerging-market economies -RRB- , or that issue debt in their own currency but can not independently print money -LRB- as in the euro zone -RRB- , unsustainable fiscal deficits often lead to a credit crisis , a sovereign default , or other coercive form of public-debt restructuring .
If growth does not recover , the fiscal problems will worsen while making it more politically difficult to enact the painful reforms needed to restore competitiveness .
But if a country is effectively insolvent rather than just illiquid , such `` bailouts '' can not prevent eventual default and devaluation -LRB- or exit from a monetary union -RRB- because the international lender of last resort eventually will stop financing an unsustainable debt dynamic , as occurred Argentina -LRB- and in Russia in 1998 -RRB- .
The Debt Death Trap NEW YORK -- The Greek financial saga is the tip of an iceberg of problems of public-debt sustainability for many advanced economies , and not only the so-called PIIGS -LRB- Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece , and Spain -RRB- .
Within the PIIGS , the problems are not just excessive public deficits and debt ratios -LRB- in different degrees and measures in the five countries -RRB- .
So , despite revulsion on the part of Germany and the European Central Bank at the idea of a `` bailout , '' Greece needs large official financial support this year at rates that are not unsustainable to prevent its current illiquidity from devolving immediately into insolvency .
Reform without money on the table does not work , as nervous and trigger-happy investors would rather pull their money out if the country lacks the foreign-currency reserves needed to prevent the equivalent of a bank run on its short-term liabilities .
But , in my new book on financial crises , Crisis Economics -- which covers not only the recent crisis , but also dozens of others throughout history and across both advanced economies and emerging markets -- I show that financial crises are , instead , predictable `` white swan '' events .
If fiscal imbalances are not addressed through spending cuts and revenue increases , only two options remain : inflation for countries that borrow in their own currency and can monetize their deficits ; or default for countries that borrow in a foreign currency or ca n't print their own .
So the recent global financial crisis is not over ; it has , instead , reached a new and more dangerous stage .
And , of course , such weekend dramas are still with us , as EU and eurozone policymakers recently spent a desperate weekend developing a rescue package not only for Greece , but also for other weak eurozone members .
Indeed , the recent financial crisis is not over , and , worse , the medicine used to treat may have been partly toxic .
Second , countries where bond-market vigilantes have not yet awakened -- the US , the UK , and Japan -- should maintain their fiscal stimulus while designing credible fiscal consolidation plans to be implemented later over the medium term .
Fifth , in countries where private-sector deleveraging is very rapid via a fall in private consumption and private investment , the fiscal stimulus should be maintained and extended , as long as financial markets do not perceive those deficits as unsustainable .
Worse yet , the fundamental excesses that fueled the crisis -- too much debt and leverage in the private sector -LRB- households , banks and other financial institutions , and even much of the corporate sector -RRB- -- have not been addressed .
But countries that saved too much -- China , emerging Asia , Germany , and Japan -- are not spending more to compensate for the fall in spending by deleveraging countries .
A scenario in which US growth slumps to 1.5 % , the eurozone and Japan stagnate , and China 's growth slows below 8 % may not imply a global contraction , but , as in the US , it will feel like one .
A vicious cycle of asset-price correction and weaker growth , together with downside surprises that are not currently priced by markets , could lead to further asset-price declines and even weaker growth -- a dynamic that drove the global economy into recession in the first place .
And one can not exclude the possibility of an Israeli military strike on Iran in the next 12 months .
Teaching morality and values in business schools will not tame such behavior , but changing the incentives that reward short-term profits and lead bankers and traders to take excessive risks will .
To avoid such excesses , it is not enough to rely on better regulation and supervision , for three reasons :
· CEOs and boards of directors of financial firms -- let alone regulators and supervisors -- can not effectively monitor the risks and behaviors of thousands of separate profit and loss centers in a firm , as each trader and banker is a separate P&L with its own capital at risk ;
First , compensation schemes must be radically altered through regulation , as banks will not do it themselves for fear of losing talented people to competitors .
There are also massive agency problems in the financial system , because principals -LRB- such as shareholders -RRB- can not properly monitor the actions of agents -LRB- CEOs , managers , traders , bankers -RRB- that pursue their own interest .
Fourth , greed can not be controlled by any appeal to morality and values . Greed has to be controlled by fear of loss , which derives from knowledge that the reckless institutions and agents will not be bailed out .
A transitory rebound from such a hard fall is not surprising , and German output remains below pre-crisis levels .
It is why Spain and Ireland are in serious trouble , and why even Italy -- which is on relatively sounder fiscal footing , but has had flat per capita income for a decade and little structural reform -- can not be complacent .
The rest of the eurozone is in barely better shape than the periphery : the bond vigilantes may not have woken up in France , but economic performance there has been anemic at best -- driven mostly by a mini housing boom .
These measures will fail to reduce interbank spreads significantly , because monetary policy can not address the core problems underlying the crisis .
The issue is not just illiquidity -- financial institutions with short-term liabilities and longer-term illiquid assets .
At the same time , monetary injections can not resolve the generalized uncertainty of a financial system in which globalization and securitization have led to a lack of transparency that has undermined trust and confidence .
The Fed 's 25-basis-point cut in December was puny relative to what is needed ; similar cuts by the Bank of England and Bank of Canada do not even begin to address the increase in nominal and real borrowing rates that the sharp rise in Libor rates has induced .
Likewise , the European Central Bank 's decision not to cut rates -- deluding itself that it may be able to raise them once the allegedly `` temporary '' credit crunch is gone -- is mistaken .
Today 's financial markets are dominated by non-bank institutions -- investment banks , money market funds , hedge funds , mortgage lenders that do not accept deposits , so-called `` structured investment vehicles , '' and even states and local government investment funds -- that have no direct or indirect access to the liquidity support of central banks .
Monetary policy alone can not resolve the consequences of inaction by regulators and supervisors amid the credit excesses of the last few years .
Within the eurozone , this problem is exacerbated by the fact that Germany , with its large surpluses , can live with a stronger euro , whereas the PIIGS -LRB- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain -RRB- can not .
The trouble , of course , is that not all currencies can be weak at the same time : if one is weaker , another must , by definition , be stronger .
Likewise , not all economies can improve net exports at the same time : the global total is , by definition , equal to zero .
Indeed , though the US pretends not to intervene to weaken the dollar , it is actively doing precisely that via more QE .
But that is a phantom risk , because it is the risk of deflation , not inflation , that haunts the PIIGS .
With US unemployment and Chinese growth both at almost 10 % , the only mystery is that the drums of trade war are not louder than they are .
The fourth option is to impose capital controls on inflows -LRB- or liberalize controls on outflows -RRB- . Leaving aside the issue of whether or not such controls are `` leaky , '' evidence suggests that controls on inflows of short-term `` hot money '' do not affect the overall amount of capital inflows .
However , direct controls on credit growth , while necessary , are often leaky and not very binding in practice .
Of course , currency appreciation should not be prevented altogether .
That way , if the economy needed another targeted fiscal stimulus in the short run , financial markets would not respond by driving up borrowing costs .
The bond vigilantes might have woken up if early austerity was not implemented ; the deficit was very large and the public sector bloated ; and it is always politically easier to implement tough measures early in an administration , when popular support is still high and the next election is far off .
Indeed , it could lead to the disorderly breakup scenario if institutional reforms and other policies leading to closer integration and restoration of growth in the eurozone 's periphery are not implemented soon .
Official resources currently are sufficient to bail out Greece , Ireland , and Portugal , but not to prevent a self-fulfilling run on the short-term sovereign and financial liabilities of Spain and other potentially distressed eurozone members .
But even a larger envelope of official resources is not sufficient to stem the insolvency problems of Greece , Ireland , and , possibly , Portugal and Spain .
Similarly , super-sovereigns can not continue to bail out distressed sovereigns that are insolvent rather than illiquid .
Indeed , after four years -LRB- 2007-2010 -RRB- of either recession or sub-par recovery , the process of balance-sheet repair -- while not completed yet -- is underway , and may result in less saving and more spending to boost growth in advanced economies .
Thus , China did not suffer a severe recession -- as occurred in Japan , Germany , and elsewhere in emerging Asia in 2009 -- only because fixed investment exploded .
Chinese consumers do not have a greater propensity to save than Chinese in Hong Kong , Singapore , and Taiwan ; they all save about 30 % of disposable income .
The official approach , Plan A , has been to pretend that these economies suffer a liquidity crunch , not a solvency problem , and that the provision of bailout loans -- together with fiscal austerity and structural reforms -- can restore debt sustainability and market access .
This `` extend and pretend '' or `` lend and pray '' approach is bound to fail , because , unfortunately , most of the options that indebted countries have used in the past to extricate themselves from excessive debt are not feasible .
Europe can not afford to continue throwing money at the problem and praying that growth and time will bring salvation .
But that was not the end of it .
Data from the US , the United Kingdom , the periphery of the eurozone , Japan , and even emerging-market economies is signaling that part of the global economy -- especially advanced economies -- may be stalling , if not dropping into a double-dip recession .
First , the problems of the eurozone periphery are in some cases problems of actual insolvency , not illiquidity : large and rising public and private deficits and debt ; damaged financial systems that need to be cleaned up and recapitalized ; massive loss of competitiveness ; lack of economic growth ; and rising unemployment .
Another round of so-called `` quantitative easing '' by monetary authorities may not occur as inflation is rising -- albeit slowly -- in most advanced economies .
With a worsening recession , many LBOs that were loaded with too much debt and not enough equity will fail as firms with lower profits or higher losses become unable to service their loans .
In that case , there will also be a serious risk that some firms that sold protection will go bankrupt , triggering further losses for buyers of protection when their counterparties can not pay .
Like banks , all these financial institutions are subject to liquidity or rollover risk -- the risk of going belly up if their creditors do not rollover their short-term credit lines .
But , unlike banks , they do not have the safety net implied by central banks ' role as lender of last resort .
Even if the face value of the Greek debt were not reduced , a maturity extension would still provide massive debt relief -- on a present-value basis -- to Greece as a euro of debt owed 30 years from now is worth much less today than the same euro owed a year from now .
Consider Uruguay , whose rating was downgraded to `` selective default '' for two weeks while the exchange was occurring , and then was upgraded -LRB- though not to investment grade -RRB- when , thanks to the exchange 's success , its public debt became more sustainable .
This implies using official resources like the EFSF not to backstop an insolvent Greece , but to recapitalize the country 's banks -- and those in Ireland , Spain , Portugal , Italy , and even Germany and Belgium that need more capital .
The eurozone 's current muddle-through approach is an unstable disequilibrium : kicking the can down the road , and throwing good money after bad , will not work .
Currency depreciation is not a feasible option for all advanced economies : they all need a weaker currency and better trade balance to restore growth , but they all can not have it at the same time .
So , although the process of deleveraging has barely started , debt reductions will become necessary if countries can not grow or save or inflate themselves out of their debt problems .
Firms are cutting jobs because there is not enough final demand . But cutting jobs reduces labor income , increases inequality and reduces final demand .
The risks of an economic and financial crisis even worse than the previous one -- now involving not just the private sector , but also near-insolvent sovereigns -- are significant .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
Sixth , even if Greece and other peripheral eurozone countries are given significant debt relief , economic growth will not resume until competitiveness is restored .
And , without a rapid return to growth , more defaults -- and social turmoil -- can not be avoided .
Because these options can not work , the sole alternative is an exit from the eurozone by Greece and some other current members .
The appropriate response to such massive changes is not protectionism .
The risks ahead are not just of a mild double-dip recession , but of a severe contraction that could turn into Great Depression II , especially if the eurozone crisis becomes disorderly and leads to a global financial meltdown .
Of course , the malaise that so many people feel can not be reduced to one factor .
In Europe , the gap was filled by public services -- free education , health care , etc. -- that were not fully financed by taxes , fueling public deficits and debt .
The problem is not new .
Even an alternative `` Asian '' growth model -- if there really is one -- has not prevented a rise in inequality in China , India , and elsewhere .
Any economic model that does not properly address inequality will eventually face a crisis of legitimacy .
Of course , such a disorderly eurozone break-up would be as severe a shock as the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , if not worse .
First , the US is experiencing its worst housing recession since the Great Depression , and the slump is not over .
While a global recession will be averted , a severe growth slowdown will not .
Leveraging and bubbles were not limited to America 's housing market , but also characterized housing markets in other countries .
And , given the rising risk of a global systemic financial meltdown , the prospect of a decade-long L-shaped recession -- like the one experienced by Japan after the collapse of its real estate and equity bubble -- can not be ruled out .
So we can not rule out a systemic failure and global depression .
These factors , combined with sharply falling commodity prices , will cause inflation in advanced economies to ease toward the 1 % level , raising concerns about deflation , not stagflation .
Deflation is dangerous as it leads to a liquidity trap : nominal policy rates can not fall below zero , so monetary policy becomes ineffective .
Today 's global crisis was triggered by the collapse of the US housing bubble , but it was not caused by it .
Moreover , these pathologies were not confined to the US .
There were housing bubbles in many other countries , fueled by excessive cheap lending that did not reflect underlying risks . There was also a commodity bubble and a private equity and hedge funds bubble .
The parallels between contemporary India and pre-Nazi Germany are chilling , but not surprising .
Increasingly , Indian nationalism means Hindu nationalism , which is based not on self-respect , but on a hatred of the `` Other '' - not just Pakistanis , but all Muslims .
If any institution -LRB- including the Supreme Court -RRB- exercises unfettered , unaccountable power , the erosion of civil liberties , and the spread of day-to-day injustices , fascism will not be far behind .
It means not allowing newspapers and TV to be hijacked by spurious passions and staged theatrics designed to divert attention from everything else .
It does not mean banning communally minded madrassas , but rather working toward the day when they are voluntarily abandoned .
If we do not , we ordinary Indians will find ourselves -- like the ordinary citizens of Hitler 's Germany - unable to look our children in the eye because of our shame of what we allowed to happen .
Although physical confrontation has largely been avoided , there is no assurance that his supporters will not take to the streets in the event of a defeat .
As for Chávez , he does not want to be branded a dictator .
Both he and the opposition know that the result of the plebiscite is not a foregone conclusion .
But superficial repairs will not meet the European Union 's future needs .
So it is not surprising that the number of farmers needed has fallen substantially .
But renewal of this sort can not be left to global market forces , as the results might not necessarily benefit European agriculture and society .
Many structural improvement programs have been financed at the European level , but agricultural production and land use are not among them .
But a cultural heritage should not be maintained everywhere , nor should it ignore cost .
And it should not be a defensive policy of the sort that tends to concentrate on poor-quality land .
Protectionism is not just about raising tariffs on imports ; it is any government action that distorts the global production and allocation of goods , services , and capital to favor domestic producers , thereby reducing overall efficiency .
Such actions are problematic not only because they insulate inefficient forms of production , but also because foreign countries respond by adopting similar measures towards their national champions , so that everyone is worse off .
Perhaps of greatest concern , moreover , is that the public , especially in poor countries that can not undertake offsetting measures , will come to distrust global integration , with multinationals viewed as Trojan horses .
The United Nations is too large to serve this purpose , and the most obvious candidate for the group , the G-20 , is not representative .
Current executive directors typically do not have the authority to make commitments on their countries ' behalf , so their effort is often diverted to minutiae .
Unfortunately , the Fund is not regarded as being impartial , especially by countries that have been seared by its past conditionality .
The IMF has , however , become far more neutral than it is given credit for -- though it could take more steps to distance itself from its past . These include abolishing any region or country 's right to appoint IMF management ; allowing the Fund to borrow from markets , so that it does not have to keep seeking key countries ' permission to expand ; eliminating any country 's official veto power over major decisions ; and having its agenda set by the IMFC rather than outside bodies .
While US Chief Administrator Paul Bremer recently vested authority in a number of judges , their powers are extremely limited , and apply only to present violations , not the sustained abuses of human rights that defined Saddam 's regime .
This means that the coalition can not do whatever it wishes with Saddam 's henchmen and war criminals .
It can not simply ship them to Guantanamo Bay or Diego Garcia .
We know from the many cases of regime change in recent decades that the problem of transitional justice will not merely go away if ignored .
Indeed , inaction in Iraq will not only postpone the inevitable reckoning with the past ; it may prolong the past , as unfulfilled demands for justice fuel frustration , resentment , and support for extremist leaders and authoritarian solutions .
But the path lies before us , not behind us , in a sustained commitment to security , the rule of law , and transitional justice .
The protesters are not unrepresentative of Serb opinion .
Despite his campaign promises , Serbia 's President Boris Tadic has so far failed to cooperate with the ICTY by assisting in turning over Mladic -LRB- Karadzic is probably not in Serbia -RRB- , who would surely testify against Milosevic .
Such foot-dragging exposes the ICTY 's fundamental weakness : unlike the Nuremberg tribunal , the international community convened it during , not after , a war .
This continues to impede the case against Milosevic , raising questions about whether there is sufficient proof directly linking him to the policy of genocidal ethnic cleansing , although this is likely to be less problematic since the charges against him turn not on `` command responsibility , '' but instead on the ICTY 's charter principles of individual responsibility .
So far , the picture is not promising : the few domestic trials in the region continue to reflect the fractious politics and pervasive ethnic bias that surround them .
According to Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu , `` The decision finally removes all doubts that countries which still do not recognize the Republic of Kosovo could have . ''
Indeed , the Court sought to leave no doubt about this : `` The question is narrow and specific ... it does not ask whether or not Kosovo has achieved statehood . '' The judges contrasted their opinion with that handed down by the Supreme Court of Canada when it was asked to rule on Quebec 's right to secede unilaterally .
As the World Court pointed out , its judgment last week did not refute that crucial point : `` The Court is not required by the question it has been asked to take a position ... on whether international law generally confers an entitlement on entities within a State to break away from this -LRB- State -RRB- . ''
By acknowledging the range and intensity of disagreement among states on a right to secede , the Court seems to have hinted that the necessary consent of the world community does not exist to establish firmly the existence of any such right .
Before concluding that there is now a `` clear path '' to Kosovo 's independence , it is worth pondering the important questions that the Court did not answer -LRB- and was not asked by the General Assembly -RRB- .
The Court was not asked , and thus did not rule on , whether international law requires that the final status of Kosovo protect the group and individual rights of minorities , whether Kosovar Serbs or Roma .
Likewise , the Court was not asked and did not rule on whether Serbia or , indeed , any other state in the world community is required to recognize Kosovo as an independent state .
If the fate of Kosovo -- and the entire Balkan region -- is to be guided by the global rule of law , these questions need to be answered , not swept under the table .
But the rights of persons and peoples , not just interests of states , are at stake in controversies such as this one .
The domestic political and legal culture was still not ready to face squarely the ghosts of the authoritarian past .
But not giving up on accountability , despite the passage of time , sends an important message about human rights , and the distinctive nature of these offenses as `` crimes against humanity . ''
This is not just a matter of Latin America 's particular legacy .
Years later , what 's at stake is not just punishment , but also political truth , which requires setting limits on official rationales for repression .
Senior American officials , including Paul Wolfowitz , later President of the World Bank , argued that the Iraqi people should not be saddled with obligations that the dictator contracted in order to enrich himself and oppress his subjects .
But all debt that was contracted by a previous oppressive regime can not , for that reason alone , be classified as `` odious . '' The question is this : how much of the money went to meritorious development projects , and how much went instead to prop up the regime and line its leaders ' pockets ?
After all , lending and aid to Egypt by the US and other Western powers have long been entangled with geopolitics , and using the tools of finance to back a loyal ally in an unstable region is not odious or illegitimate per se .
This responsibility can not be absolute or unlimited , however , and should be confined to situations where lenders were aware -LRB- or should have been aware -RRB- that the funds might be used for corrupt or oppressive ends .
Its mandate should be not only to allocate responsibility for past decisions , but also to forge recommendations for transparent , accountable borrowing in the future .
Force might well be necessary to implement the doctrine , because `` the world must remember that it was not simply international institutions that brought stability to a post-World War II world . ''
After all , the US is not a member of the ICC .
Moreover , the conflict in Uganda is largely internal , and the US operation is not premised on individual or collective self-defense , unlike recent operations in Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Yemen .
Civilians may not be targeted ; the principle of proportionality requires the avoidance of excessive force in pursuing a legitimate military objective ; and prisoners must be treated humanely .
ANKARA -- Turkey put its imprint as one of the most influential countries not only on 2010 , but on the first decade of the third millennium .
Turkey can not remain indifferent to this geography , for it stands at the center of it .
We know that it is not possible to attain global peace unless we establish sustainable peace in the Middle East , which requires resolving the Palestinian question .
Since there is no precedent for a party referendum , he can argue that the vote does not bind him .
The Arabs never `` lose '' because they never surrender . Thus they do not formally give up anything .
The leaders that brought on failure and the groups that did not triumph become heroes for being able to claim that they courageously fought the enemy without being crushed .
The important points for them are that they gained revenge by inflicting damage , showed that they were real men , did not buckle under , and survived .
Yet defeats do not force new attitudes , policies , or leaders . The pragmatic `` lesson '' remains unlearned because those who take this view perceive a different lesson .
The underlying cause of conflict is not that Hezbollah or Hamas have grievances against Israel so much as that they view Jews as prophet-murdering , devil-aiding , imperialistic sub-humans whose state must be wiped off the map .
For its part , Israel will win an objective military and political victory but is not able to destroy Hezbollah for several reasons .
The current fighting will not erode that support , which regards resistance to Israel as a victory in itself .
Their backing includes not only arms , but also financial subsidies that enable Hezbollah to buy popular support .
More than this can not -- and should not -- be expected .
Fatah 's defeat in Gaza is not due to American foreign policy , Israel , or anyone but Fatah itself .
It is Yasir Arafat 's ultimate legacy , for he encouraged not only terrorist violence against Israel , but also anarchy and corruption within his own organization .
Even after the defeat , Fatah implemented not a single reform or leadership change .
Indeed , the only difference between Hamas and al-Qaeda -- though the two groups do not generally work together -- is that the latter emphasizes attacks on Western targets , while the former has until now focused on Israel .
Consequently , Hamas will not moderate its stance , and its victory sets back the chances of Israel-Palestinian peace for decades .
But Fatah has its own view of what is logical -- one that might not coincide with such prescriptions .
The world can not save Fatah ; only Fatah can save itself .
However , this does not necessarily mean that Turkey will become an Islamic , must less an Islamist , country .
But not completely .
These alternatives are not necessarily contradictory .
An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
Moreover , the popular appeal of radical religion , ideology , and misinformation should not be underestimated .
Arafat not only left no successor , but no order .
The relatively successful election in Iraq is a major victory for democracy , but not necessarily for liberal reform in the Middle East .
Because Sunni Arabs , comprising less than 25 % of the population , knew that they could not win a democratic election , many of their leaders urged a boycott .
But if high turnout , albeit based more on communal self-interest than belief in democracy , was the good news from Iraq 's election , the bad news is the leadership they chose , which is not democratically minded .
Liberal reform parties that tried to transcend communal identities and appeal to all Iraqis did not do well .
The easiest strategy for liberals is to side with conservative Muslims who reject not only radical Islamism , but also political reform .
That case is not yet proven .
The battle will be long and difficult , and victory is not assured .
The left 's advocacy of territorial withdrawal gained currency as a result of a general recognition that holding onto land , especially Palestinian-populated areas , is not in the national interest .
Israel does not intend to claim this land in the future , never derived any economic benefit from it , and now regards staying there as a security problem rather than an asset .
Indeed , it is understood on both the left and the right that he and his colleagues will not live up to any commitment they make .
But Sharon was the messenger , not the message .
The era of Israeli pragmatism that he opened will not end with his departure .
Kadima 's victory in Israel 's elections is the country 's most important political turning point in 30 years , if not longer .
Since Kadima and Labor will not have a majority even as coalition partners , they will have to bring in some of these groups .
Sharon formulated the answer in 2004 , concluding that Israel did not need the territories .
They have merely concluded that politics will not bring miracles , and that the most they can expect is to keep external threats to a minimum .
The need for reform , it argues , is not based merely on a desire for better government or abstract rights , but is necessary to save a country that is being strangled .
Building up Afghanistan 's security forces is at most a stopgap measure , as the country can not sustain forces of the size that it now needs .
But a political settlement within Afghanistan can not succeed without a regional grand bargain .
The first Great Game was resolved a century ago by making Afghanistan a buffer state in which outsiders did not interfere .
Today , however , Afghanistan is the scene not only of the War on Terror , but also of longstanding Afghan-Pakistani disputes , the India-Pakistan conflict , domestic struggles in Pakistan , US-Iranian antagonism , Russian concerns about NATO , Sunni-Shia rivalry , and struggles over regional energy infrastructure .
The Pakistani security establishment believes that it faces a US-Indian-Afghan alliance aimed at undermining Pakistani influence in Afghanistan and even dismembering the Pakistani state . Civilian leaders evaluate Pakistan 's national interests differently , but they , too , can not be indifferent to Pakistan 's chronic sense of insecurity .
Pakistan does not have border agreements with either India , with whom it disputes the incorporation of Kashmir , or Afghanistan , which has never explicitly recognized the Durand Line , the frontier between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Pressure will not work if Pakistan 's leaders believe that their country 's survival is at stake .
He did not shy away from stating his views , often reflecting the advice of Keynes : `` Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking '' .
Fortunately he did not , because he had little patience for bureaucracy , long meetings , and the need to toe an official line .
When he was finally forced to take to his bed , he said that he hoped his friends would remember him as he had been , not as he was at the end .
Any introductory finance textbook will tell you that investors care about the returns of their overall portfolio , not just its individual assets .
But not all investors are able to trade derivatives .
This was not without risk .
What matters to Japanese investors is the overall return in yen terms , not simply the difference in interest rates .
That lesson has had to be relearned throughout the ages : the lesson that weakness is provocative , that a refusal to confront gathering dangers can increase , not reduce , future peril , and that victory ultimately comes only to those who are purposeful and steadfast .
But the enemy can not win militarily .
While there have been differences over Iraq , such issues among longtime friends are not new .
Extremists have targeted all civilized societies across the globe : in New York and Washington ; Istanbul ; Madrid ; Beslan ; Bali ; and more . They do not seek an armistice with the civilized world .
They will not negotiate a separate peace .
That unity need not mean a uniformity of tactics or views , but rather a union of purpose .
The speaker was not some public relations executive , but Osama bin Laden 's chief lieutenant , Ayman al-Zawahiri .
Terrorists have skillfully adapted to fighting wars in today 's media age , but , for the most part , America and the governments of the other democracies have not .
And the center of gravity of that struggle is not just the battlefield .
This did not happen by accident or by chance .
Sadly , this is not yet the case .
Today , especially in America , many Christians , so-called Creationists , still argue that mankind 's origins are to be found in the early chapters of Genesis , not in any scientific discovery .
Now , I , for one , am not quite sure how poky the medieval universe actually was .
But obviously , whether or not you do believe in the existence of the Christian God -LRB- or any other kind of god -RRB- , Dawkins 's gloomy conclusions do not follow .
You may not have to be a Christian in the light of Darwinism , but this does not mean that you can not be one .
In fact , Pope John Paul II , a man not usually described as soft in his religious commitments , has openly endorsed evolution , even Darwinism .
The Mind of the Right Jean Marie Le Pen 's stunning showing in the French presidential election stripped bare not only the malaise in traditional French politics , but also the deeper crisis facing Europe 's traditional democratic Conservatives , who now confront rising xenophobic parties in the Netherlands , Denmark , Austria , Belgium , and Germany .
As the editor and political journalist Konrad Adam put it , `` Skepticism is a feeling , not a program . ''
But this `` historical '' Conservatism can not survive in the age of globalization , because national-conservative thinking is anachronistic .
The implications of this political sea change have not been entirely lost on Conservative parties -LRB- with some possible exceptions , such as the nether reaches of the British Tories -RRB- .
It enables not only higher economic competitiveness , but also greater freedom , justice , and solidarity .
Yet this must not mean that modern Conservatism ends up surrendering its central belief that man is not absolute .
These core principles -- humility , liberty , and self-help -- must continue to guide Conservatives , because they were not molded by Conservatism 's ideologically `` sharp contours . ''
In poor countries like Nigeria , the battle against AIDS demands an array of medical personnel , clinics , and medicines that simply do not exist .
But spending billions instead of millions will not be enough to get the job done .
Yet , in many African countries , HIV\/AIDS is not at the top of the national agenda .
Unfortunately , even the promise of additional funding can not overcome governmental intransigence .
In a fury , the Minister of Health pulled rank over the leadership group and announced , `` If the malaria proposal is not submitted , no proposal will be submitted . ''
It is not wild-eyed extremism to insist that every conversation with an African leader should discuss what they are doing to win the battle against HIV\/AIDS .
Much of what must be done entails not the rebuilding of atrophied or destroyed institutions , but rather the establishment of institutions that never existed .
Ministries of health can not go it alone .
A towering myth in the fight against HIV\/AIDS is that high-quality local talent does not exist .
The picture is not all grim , and , ironically , reporting on news manipulation has helped galvanize politicians in some countries to create better and more enforceable rules of the road .
First , Africa does not grow enough food .
Unlike Asia , Africa did not have a Green Revolution in food production .
Africa 's AIDS pandemic is well known ; its malaria pandemic , which will claim three million lives and a billion illnesses this year , is not .
India controlled malaria after the 1960 's , while Africa did not , one reason being that Africa 's malaria-bearing mosquitoes are particularly adept at transmitting the disease .
Good governance surely will help in Africa and elsewhere , but corruption should not be used as an excuse not to help Africa .
But , again , Africa can not afford them .
It is widely accepted that oil , not terror , was the original motivation of the war -- a war planned by Mr. Bush 's senior advisors during the 1990 's , and made possible by their accession to power in 2001 .
Iraq 's vast reserves , went the argument , could not be developed safely until Saddam was deposed .
The September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the US provided the green light , not the underlying motivation .
Bush 's refusal to set a deadline for withdrawing troops is not taken as a sign of resolve , but as a statement of America 's intent to remain in Iraq , establish a puppet regime , control the country 's oil and set up permanent military bases .
Every time the US reiterates its refusal to set a deadline for withdrawal , it simply stokes political opposition , not to mention the insurgency . There are too many Iraqis ready to fight and die to oppose the American presence .
Only politics , not arms , can calm the scene .
Vietnamese deaths and casualties outnumbered American deaths and casualties by perhaps 20 to one , but the US still could not subdue the nationalist adversary that they faced .
Bombing Libya did not bring Muammar Qadaffi `` in from the cold . ''
After that , it can and should use its political and economic weight to help manage a complex and difficult situation that is significantly , though not exclusively , of its own making .
Millions die each year , either of outright starvation or from infectious diseases that their weakened bodies can not withstand .
But donors have not yet implemented this obvious and basic lesson .
But emergency food aid is not enough .
Yet Bush apparently did not know of these concerns , even days after the hurricane destroyed the levees and flooded the city .
The frequency of hurricanes has not changed much , if at all .
But the US government 's failings are matched in many parts of the world , and certainly in the poorest countries , where scientific expertise is scarce , and where many governments do not have scientific advisory councils to turn to for guidance .
Hurricane Katrina is a wakeup call , not only for the US but for the world .
Yet there are also commonalities -- and warnings to us all : we are not prepared for these massive shocks , more of which are certain to come . Massive population growth has exposed vast numbers of people to new kinds of extreme vulnerability .
Other colleagues at the Earth Institute , and in similar research institutes , are making careful estimates of how these risks are evolving in view of changes in our planet 's climate , population , and patterns of international travel and human settlement . But political leaders are not using this kind of scientific information adequately , owing mainly to deep divides that persist between the scientific community , politicians , and the general public .
Even different groups of scientists -- in public health , climate , seismology , and other specialities -- do not communicate adequately with one another , despite the fact that today 's threats often cut across different scientific disciplines .
Corruption undermines the quality of life for people around the world , not only in poor countries .
They tend to be the most despotic and corrupt , not because poor people care less about good governance -- on the contrary , their very lives depend on it -- but because they lack the means to keep their government disciplined and law abiding .
Corruption therefore can not be the unique factor that holds Africa back .
The natural resources are therefore not only a target of corruption but also an instrument of holding power .
An aid cutoff should be a policy of last resort , not a first strike .
The decade-long sanctions against Myanmar have not restored Aung San Suu Kyi to power , but have deepened the disease burden and extreme poverty in that country .
The Europeans who conquered and colonized the Americas after 1492 did not find vast empty lands , as they sometimes proclaimed , but rather lands populated by communities dating back thousands of years .
Even in the US , a country that fancies itself as a model of democracy , African-Americans were not truly enfranchised until the mid-1960 's .
Moreover , Bolivia is not alone : the shift from military rule to democratic politics in Latin America during the past 20 years is gradually , fitfully , but consistently , broadening political empowerment beyond the traditional elites and dominant ethnic groups .
In the longer term , the spread of democracy in Latin America promises not only fairer societies , but also economically more dynamic societies , through increased public investments in health , education , and job skills .
Unlike East Asia and India , most of Latin America did not make a breakthrough to high-technology industries , instead suffering a period of low GDP growth , debt crises , and macroeconomic instability .
Will Morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing Bolivia 's vast natural gas reserves , as his government is rightly committed to do , in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment ?
Fewer debates over economics would be needed if the world spent more time examining what actually works and what does not .
Life expectancy is close to 80 years in the Nordic countries , compared to 78 years in the US , where the government does not guarantee national health insurance and millions of families are too poor to pay for it on their own .
The Nordic countries are not `` socialist '' economies , based on state ownership and planning , but `` social welfare '' economies , based on private ownership and markets , with public provision of social protection .
Yet the Nordic states have thrived , not suffered , from a large social welfare state , with much less public-sector corruption and far higher levels of voter participation than in the US .
However , this means that the challenge of maintaining a strong social welfare state in ethnically and racially diverse societies such as the US is not economic , but one of promoting respect and inclusiveness .
Rotarians dreamed not only of reducing the number of polio cases , but of eradicating the disease entirely .
In a few other countries , the disease has been sporadically reintroduced by travelers from regions where polio has not yet been eliminated .
Most of Africa 's farmers , working tiny plots , do not produce enough food to feed their families , much less to earn an income .
The solution is therefore not much more complicated than a polio vaccine .
Yet bed nets and anti-malaria medicines do not reach the people who need them , because the people who need them are too poor .
We need not wait for the politicians .
The Middle East 's Military Delusions The paradox of the current violence in Israel , Gaza , and Lebanon is that the solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is not hard to see .
The problem lies not in seeing the solution , but in getting to it , because powerful and often violent minorities on both sides oppose the majority-backed solution .
The US and other powerful outside parties should be pressing both sides to the focal point solution , not sitting on their hands as the violence spirals out of control .
The key to oil security is peace , not military occupation and puppet regimes .
Israel will not be able to avoid territorial withdrawals to the 1967 borders by exercising its military might ; the US will not be able to ensure oil security through continued military occupation in the Middle East ; and terrorists will not be able to destroy Israel or foist their fundamentalist ideas by force on moderate societies .
Our independent media need to seek out voices not only of the warmongers who make so much noise , but also of civil society leaders whose voices we do not regularly hear .
American newspapers need to publish op-ed pieces not only by Americans `` interpreting '' the Middle East , but also by representative thinkers from the Middle East itself .
He did not have in mind the future of science and technology , or a global population of nine billion , or the challenges of climate change and biodiversity .
Dictators like Saddam make their living by selling their oil , not by holding it in the ground .
In any event , the war in Iraq will not protect the world 's energy supplies in 50 years .
Genuine energy security will come not by invading and occupying the Middle East , or by attempting to impose pliant governments in the region , but by recognizing certain deeper truths about global energy .
This will require massive investments in new technologies and resources , not a `` fight to the finish '' over Middle East oil .
This balanced approach is important because most of the world 's hotspots are in trouble not only , or even mainly , because of politics , but because of the underlying challenges of hunger , disease , and environmental crisis .
Yet it is vital that the UN not simply lurch from one hotspot to the next .
The key for today 's UN , therefore , is not to create more goals , but to implement those that have been set .
This type of aid does not require long studies , but quick action .
Sanctions , threats , and peacekeepers are only short-term measures , whereas real progress there against extreme poverty is not only achievable , but also is something that the government and rebels can agree on .
We kill other species not because we must , but because we are too negligent to do otherwise .
After cutting down a swath of rainforest , soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they can not sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock .
Simply restricting the practice of land clearing probably would not work , since farm families and communities would face a strong temptation to evade legal limits .
On the other hand , financial incentives would probably succeed , because cutting down forest to create pastureland is not profitable enough to induce farmers to forego payments for protecting the land .
Such areas not only permit the regeneration of species , but also provide ecological benefits that spill over to neighboring unprotected areas .
Even the World Bank , which usually takes the donors ' point of view , recently acknowledged that except for debt cancellation , `` promises of scaled up aid have not been delivered . ''
All this would seem to be insurmountable if the basic economics were not clear .
We are not talking about unachievable financial goals . Indeed , the sum of money is minuscule .
All of that investment requires plans and years of implementation . Aid can not be a guessing game .
Admittedly , part of the problem with the G-8 is not simply lack of good faith or political will , but basic competence .
Fortunately , what needs to be done is not complicated .
And G-8 citizens must hold their governments accountable for what they have pledged but not delivered .
Two other critical investments are also needed : roads and electricity , without which there can not be a modern economy .
And the African leaders already know that this is not an empty boast .
Hamas , a radical movement , won the Palestinian election in January 2006 , but not before blatant pre-election meddling by the US in favor of Fatah , which merely helped to boost Hamas 's legitimacy .
Hamas did not fold in negotiations .
There is , alas , still only one settlement possible , based on true compromise , not unilateral imposition .
My view is that a two-state solution of peace and mutual respect remains possible , but perhaps for not much longer .
This is not only common sense , but has been verified by studies and statistical analyses .
Stationing soldiers will not pacify hungry , impoverished , and desperate people .
If we are to reduce the risk of war , we must help impoverished people everywhere , not only in Darfur , to meet their basic needs , protect their natural environments , and get onto the ladder of economic development .
These deaths are not only human tragedies , but also calamities for economic development , systematically reducing economic growth and helping to keep the poorest countries trapped in poverty .
Since its inception in 1988 , the IPCC has harnessed the best scientific minds from around the world to document and explain what is known and not known about human-induced climate change .
They could not , in the long-term , beat the science without gravely damaging their reputations .
Governments tend to be organized according to nineteenth - or twentieth-century topics such as diplomacy , defense , internal security , and finance , not twenty-first century challenges such as sustainable development .
Governments have signed treaties to limit the damage , but they are not acting on those promises with the urgency required , in part because they do not understand the underlying scientific challenges .
The plan may not look like much , since it basically committed the world to more talking rather than specific actions , but I am optimistic for three reasons .
Poor countries do not and will not accept a system of climate control that condemns them to continued poverty .
Shockingly , he declared that he did not know who really won .
The EU observers also announced that the election tally had not met basic international standards .
First , she declared that the vote could not be re-assessed by an independent tally .
The US or other outside powers will not save Kenyan democracy .
By and large , we regard new technologies as something to be developed by businesses for the marketplace , not as opportunities for global problem solving .
Yet the technologies are not yet ready , and we ca n't simply wait for the market to deliver them , because they require complex changes in public policy to ensure that they are safe , reliable , and acceptable to the broad public .
Once they peak and begin to decline , lending conditions tighten , and banks find themselves repossessing houses whose value does not cover the value of the debt .
There were a few naysayers , but not many in the financial sector itself .
At a crucial moment in 2005 , while he was a governor but not yet Fed Chairman , Bernanke described the housing boom as reflecting a prudent and well-regulated financial system , not a dangerous bubble .
But this time , credit expansion is not flowing into housing construction , but rather into commodity speculation and foreign currency .
Yet global supplies of oil , natural gas , and coal can not easily keep up , even with new discoveries .
Of course , developing new energy technologies is not America 's responsibility alone .
This would not only be good economics , but also good politics , since it could unite the world in our common interest , rather than dividing the world in a bitter struggle over diminishing oil , gas , and coal reserves .
As a result , they grow food the traditional way , often earning little or nothing from their harvest , because it 's not even enough to keep their families alive .
Around the world , government-run agricultural banks in poor countries once not only financed inputs , but also provided agricultural advice and spread new seed technologies .
They could not obtain bank financing .
Commodity prices are soaring worldwide , not only for headline items like food and energy , but for metals , arable land , fresh water , and other crucial inputs to growth , because increased demand is pushing up against limited global supplies .
Finally , our past technological triumphs did not actually conserve natural resources , but instead enabled humanity to mine and use these resources at a lower overall cost , thereby hastening their depletion .
Yet investments in new resource-saving technologies are not being made at a sufficient scale , because market signals do n't give the right incentives , and because governments are not yet cooperating adequately to develop and spread their use .
Such a commitment would also give crucial confidence to poor countries that climate-change control will not become a barrier to long-term economic development .
The world needs global solutions for global problems , but the G-8 leaders clearly can not provide them .
While we are well past the time when the United States alone could solve any global problems , it does not even try to find shared global solutions .
Global solutions are not expensive , but they are not free , either .
These anti-scientific approaches affected not only climate policy , but also foreign policy .
The US went to war in Iraq on the basis of Bush 's gut instincts and religious convictions , not rigorous evidence .
These are not isolated albeit powerful individuals out of touch with reality .
These voters generally do not reject the benefits of technologies that result from modern science , but they do reject the evidence and advice of scientists regarding public policies .
The issue here is not religion versus science .
What is happening in the US , for example , is not happening in Europe , but it is of course characteristic of some parts of the Middle East and Central Asia .
But these steps , urgent as they are , will not prevent a recession in the US and other countries hit by the crisis .
Iceland , which privatized and deregulated its banks a few years ago , now faces national bankruptcy , because its banks will not be able to pay off foreign creditors who lent heavily to them .
I do not see any reason for a global depression , or even a global recession .
These countries are flush with cash , and are not burdened by the collapse of a housing bubble .
Although their households have suffered to some extent from the fall in equity prices , they not only can continue to grow , but they can also increase their internal demand to offset the decline in exports to the US .
A Sustainable Recovery NEW YORK -- The global recession now underway is the result not only of a financial panic , but also of more basic uncertainty about the future direction of the world economy .
Consumers are pulling back from home and automobile purchases not only because they have suffered a blow to their wealth with declining stock prices and housing values , but also because they do n't know where to turn .
The US is not the only economy in this equation .
First , the US can not continue borrowing from the rest of the world as it has for the past eight years .
However , private business will not step up investment unless there is a clear policy direction for the economy .
Obama has emphasized the need for a `` green recovery , '' that is , one based on sustainable technologies , not merely on consumption spending .
Third , the US recovery will not be credible unless there is also a strategy for getting the government 's own finances back in order .
Fourth , the world 's poor regions need to be seen as investment opportunities , not as threats or places to ignore .
Such loans , of course , would require a major global initiative , at a time when even blue-chip companies can not borrow overnight , much less for 25 years !
These large-scale changes will have to be coordinated , at least informally if not tightly , among the major economies .
The point is not merely to make ourselves feel a little better , but rather to confront one of the world 's gravest threats : the widespread pessimism that today 's problems are too big to be solved .
These centers are not household names , but they deserve to be .
But the Bank does not yet have sufficient funds to meet these countries ' urgent needs , and has had to ration assistance to a small fraction of the flows that could be effectively and reliably used .
By pooling financial resources into a single-donor FCM , aid programs ' administrative costs could be kept low , the availability of aid flows could be assured , and poor countries would not have to negotiate 25 times in order to receive help .
The worldwide financial bubble can not and should not be recreated .
There is not yet an authoritative measurement of the wealth decline and of how it is distributed worldwide , but it is probably around $ 15 trillion lower than the peak in the US , and perhaps $ 10 trillion lower in both Europe and Asia .
The Transition to Sustainability NEW YORK -- The global economic crisis will be with us for a generation , not just a year or two , because it is really a transition to sustainability .
More importantly , they are needed in the long term , because a world crowded with 6.8 billion people -LRB- and rising -RRB- simply can not sustain economic growth unless it adopts sustainable technologies that economize on scarce natural resources .
This is not easy to do . Most infrastructure investment requires public-sector leadership to forge partnerships with the private sector .
Typically , the public sector must enter into contractual agreements with private firms not only to build the infrastructure , but also to operate it as a regulated monopoly or on a concession basis .
Governments generally lack the needed technical capacity to design such projects , opening up possibilities of favoritism and corruption when major contracts are awarded . Such charges are likely to be hurled at governments even when they are not true , though all too often they are .
Governments lose their legitimacy when they can not guarantee their populations ' most basic needs : safe drinking water , staple food crops , and fodder and water for the animal herds on which communities depend for their meager livelihoods .
As a result , the United States and Europe often spend tens or even hundreds of billions of dollars to send troops or bombers to quell uprisings or target `` failed states , '' but do not send one-tenth or even one-hundredth of that amount to address the underlying crises of water scarcity and under-development .
Obama 's projected budgets do not change that .
What is disconcerting , however , is not only the relentless financing and spread of war , but also the lack of an alternative US strategy .
These might sound like the same thing , but they are not .
We might try to tap bio-fuels , but only in forms that do not compete with food supplies or with precious environmental assets .
The switchover to new technologies is not mainly a matter of negotiation but of engineering , planning , financing , and incentives .
Yet all of this requires a national plan , not simply a numerical target for emissions reduction .
But if we do n't have a strategy to accompany our targets , the world 's governments might not accept such targets in the first place , or might accept them cynically , without any intention of actually meeting them .
Non-financial companies could not get working capital , much less funding for long-term investments .
Enterprises could not sell their output , leading to production cuts and layoffs .
The true effectiveness of these packages is not clear .
The infrastructure component has not yet been spent because of long lags in turning the US stimulus package into real construction projects .
Moreover , concerns about the enormous US budget deficit , now running at $ 1.8 trillion -LRB- 12 % of GNP -RRB- per year , are bound to increase , not only creating enormous uncertainties in politics and financial markets , but also dimming consumer confidence as households focus their attention on potential future budget cuts and tax increases .
This is true not only in automobiles , but also in the choice of energy systems , building designs , urban planning , and food systems -LRB- remembering that food production and transport account for around one-sixth of total greenhouse gas emissions -RRB- .
The proposal not only failed , but also triggered a political backlash .
When the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in 1997 , Clinton did not even send it to the US Senate for ratification , knowing that it would be rejected .
No fewer than 25 states produce coal , which not only generates income , jobs , and tax revenue , but also provides a disproportionately large share of their energy .
Since addressing climate change is first and foremost directed at reduced emissions from coal -- the most carbon-intensive of all fuels -- America 's coal states are especially fearful about the economic implications of any controls -LRB- though the oil and automobile industries are not far behind -RRB- .
Second , he can command the Environmental Protection Agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the Congress does not pass new legislation .
The politics of the US Senate should not obscure the larger point : America has acted irresponsibly since signing the climate treaty in 1992 .
Sure , their states need some extra help , but narrow interests should not be permitted to endanger our planet 's future .
The US public is rabidly opposed to paying higher taxes , yet the trend level of taxation -LRB- at around 18 % of national income -RRB- is not sufficient to pay for the core functions of government .
As a result , the US government now fails to provide adequately for basic public services such as modern infrastructure -LRB- fast rail , improved waste treatment , broadband -RRB- , renewable energy to fight climate change , decent schools , and health-care financing for those who can not afford it .
Obama so far seems unable to break this fiscal logjam . To win the 2008 election , he promised that he would not raise taxes on any household with income of less than $ 250,000 per year .
In addition , there are hundreds , if not thousands , of native Haitian NGOs .
If experts can not agree that there is a climate crisis , why should governments spend billions of dollars to address it ?
But errors in the midst of a vast and complex report by the IPCC point to the inevitability of human shortcomings , not to any fundamental flaws in climate science .
They claimed that scientists were fabricating evidence in order to obtain government research grants -- a ludicrous accusation , I thought at the time , given that the scientists under attack have devoted their lives to finding the truth , and have certainly not become rich relative to their peers in finance and business .
In other words , their arguments were systematic and contrived , not at all original to the circumstances .
The stakes could not be higher -- or the prospects more exciting .
It is not just in New York , Shanghai , or Paris that one finds a mobile telephone in the hands of each passerby .
With modest up-front financing , impoverished and traditional rural communities that had not considered educating girls suddenly see the immense value to the community of educating both boys and girls .
The health minister turned to me and said that he had never before heard such a conversation in that region : that the father would not only ask the daughter , but happily heed her decision !
The promise was not lost on the national government . The education minister committed to scale up education nationally as rapidly as resources would permit .
In the poorest parts of the world where girls are still not in secondary school , they are married at a young age and have 6-8 children on average .
A Global Fund for Education , combined with a global voluntary effort to connect kids around the world , offers the chance for a breakthrough that was not realistic even a few years ago .
Second , the G-8 Summit communiqué simply did not mention the unmet commitments at all .
The G-8 did not fail because of the current financial crisis .
Even before the crisis , the G-8 countries were not taking serious steps to meet their pledges to Africa .
The G-8 leaders promised last year to fight hunger with $ 22 billion in new funds , but so far they are not delivering .
They promised to fight climate change with $ 30 billion of new emergency funds , but so far they are not delivering .
The world needs true accountability , not empty words about accountability .
It is not enough to just wave our hands and declare that climate change is an emergency .
The individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .
Strangely , despite being a candidate of change , Obama has not taken the approach of presenting real plans of action for change .
In Bhutan , the economic challenge is not growth in gross national product , but in gross national happiness -LRB- GNH -RRB- .
For the world 's poorest countries , such questions are not the most pressing .
But , for more and more countries , Thinley 's reflection on the ultimate sources of well-being is not only timely , but urgent .
Bhutan 's Buddhist tradition understands happiness not as attachment to goods and services , but as the result of the serious work of inner reflection and compassion toward others .
An already bad situation marked by deadlock and vitriol is likely to worsen , and the world should not expect much leadership from a bitterly divided United States .
Average national income per person is about $ 46,000 -- enough not only to live on , but to prosper .
There was a time , not long ago , when Americans talked of ending poverty at home and abroad .
Whereas 2009 was a tough year for the entire global economy , emerging markets bounced back strongly in 2010 , while rich countries did not .
The G-20 's emerging economies were not impressed .
Their answer was straightforward : the crisis began with US over-borrowing , so it is America 's responsibility , not theirs , to clean up the mess .
They told the US not to boost the money supply artificially , as this would create the risk of yet another financial bubble , this time in the emerging economies and in commodity markets .
Other parts of the development agenda -- for example , health and education -- will not be the G-20 's focus .
They want to slash the budget not by ending the useless war in Afghanistan , and by eliminating unnecessary weapons systems , but by cutting education , health , and other benefits for the poor and working class .
That sum will not come from the poor .
But the truth is that both parties are hiding from the reality : without more taxes , a modern , competitive US economy is not possible .
The US and Europe are in direct competition with Brazil , China , India , and other emerging economies , where wage levels are sometimes one-quarter those in high-income countries -LRB- if not even lower -RRB- .
As a result , America 's total tax revenues as a share of national income are among the lowest of all high-income countries , roughly 30 % , compared to around 40 % in Europe . But 30 % of GDP is not enough to cover the needs of health , education , science and technology , social security , infrastructure , and other vital government responsibilities .
NEW YORK -- India 's great moral leader Mohandas Gandhi famously said that there is enough on Earth for everybody 's need , but not enough for everybody 's greed .
Our planet will not physically support this exponential economic growth if we let greed take the upper hand .
The problem of high youth unemployment is certainly not confined to the developing world , however .
Europe has not solved the problem of balancing the interests of strong economies in the North and those of weaker economies in the South .
Similarly , the US played no role in the political revolutions underway in the Arab world , and still has not demonstrated any clear policy response to them .
The Cold War 's end has not led to greater US dominance , but rather to the dissemination of global power to many regions . East Asia , South Asia , Latin America , and the Middle East have new geopolitical and economic influence .
Yet we live in an era when political boundaries , not the lives of nomadic pastoralists , are sacrosanct .
The political boundaries exist as a legacy of the colonial era , not as the result of cultural realities and economic needs .
A massive drought this year was not exactly predictable , but the risk of famine was easily foreseeable .
I noted to him that the region urgently requires a development strategy , not a military approach .
Obama responded that the US Congress would not support a major development effort for the drylands . `` Find me another 100 votes in Congress , '' he said .
I do n't know whether Obama 's leadership might have found those votes , but I do know that the US has not mustered the national effort to respond effectively to the Horn of Africa 's needs .
The unfolding disaster in the Horn of Africa will not solve itself , and four factors make the situation potentially explosive .
The US and Europe are not only failing to respond to the African drought ; they have probably contributed to it through their greenhouse-gas emissions .
Since then , the country has been experimenting with an alternative , holistic approach to development that emphasizes not only economic growth , but also culture , mental health , compassion , and community .
First , we should not denigrate the value of economic progress .
In the US , GNP has risen sharply in the past 40 years , but happiness has not .
The problem is not just foods .
The search for happiness should not be confined to the beautiful mountain kingdom of Bhutan .
NEW YORK -- We live in an era in which the most important forces affecting every economy are global , not local .
Simply put , we need more government nowadays , not less .
Economic inequality has reached a high not seen since the Great Depression .
That level of penetration took decades longer to achieve elsewhere , and the poorest countries are still not there .
Of course , many other factors are at work , but television-driven social atomization should not be understated .
Children in poor American households today not only watch more TV than children in wealthy households , but are also more likely to have a television in their room .
Yet poor countries -- or donors acting on behalf of the poor -- can not pay the same prices paid by rich countries .
Poor countries are , indeed , so poor that they can not afford the drugs even at the production cost of around $ 350 per patient , per year , because even these reduced prices amount to a year 's average income .
- rich and poor markets must be separated , so that cheap drugs from poor countries are not smuggled into rich countries -LRB- or are not allowed in legally through parallel-market imports -RRB- ;
This fund would be aimed not only at poor countries , but at some middle income countries like South Africa where diseases like AIDS are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease can not be purchased even at reduced prices .
Still , rich country drug purchasers , however , should not fear the worst : there is no reason to believe that the drug prices they pay would rise just because drug companies agree to lower prices in poor countries .
But without them , the stream of new antiretroviral products used to fight AIDS would not have flowed , because the incentives for developing new drugs would be lacking .
Some developing countries - Israel , Korea , and Taiwan - also invest heavily in higher education and scientific research . Sadly , Argentina did not .
But Argentina did not make a successful transformation from a resource-based to a technology-based economy .
But too often markets dance to fad and illusion , if not outright fraud .
Investors suddenly abandoned the region not because it was collapsing but because other investors were fleeing .
In 1998 , investors poured money into Russia not because of the underlying strength of that economy , but because of confidence that Washington would rescue them .
Many cases of investment advice do not reflect an attempt to assess market trends but rather the commercial interests of their firms , which aim to sell the shares of their corporate clients .
Still , we need not stand idly by as repeat victims of financial market instability .
? Financial intermediaries such as banks should be regulated to ensure that they can not gamble with their depositors ' funds ;
Despite the understandably heightened rhetoric , America was hit by a massive terrorist attack , not the first war of the 21st century .
Let 's not gamble with peace and the world economy .
Finding and destroying terrorists ' capacity to commit these inhuman outrages is essential , still , military actions -- especially those bringing death and destruction to innocent civilians -- must remain a last , not first resort .
It has not provided enough leadership and financing in fighting AIDS in poor countries ; dragged its feet on canceling unpayable debts of the world 's poorest countries -LRB- not because of the financial costs , which are negligible as they could not be repaid anyway , but because US politicians have not taken the plight of the poor seriously -RRB- ; and slashed foreign assistance as a share of national income to where it is lower than any rich country .
A broad and violent war in response to the heinous terrorist acts of September 11 would not protect US or global interests .
Today 's world does not offer prosperity to all .
Over one billion people struggle each day for mere survival , and many do not succeed .
The problem is that prevention and treatment of these conditions costs money -- not a lot , but much more than is available to the world 's impoverished .
But trade by itself is not enough .
Trade policy can not save the millions of people who die of disease ; only targeted financial assistance can do that .
In defining competitiveness we are not claiming that one country 's competitiveness means another country 's lack of competitiveness .
Some of these countries are good at importing new technologies , and others are not .
So it made sense for countries to compete vigorously for such foreign investors : they offer not only capital , but also new technologies .
A strength and weakness of our analysis of competitiveness is that it focuses on the medium term , not the coming year or two .
Our rankings can not be used to assess short run cyclical conditions in an economy , but do provide insights into the longer-term prospects of major economies .
The global economic downturn has led most of the world to rally together , not only in the hunt for the terrorists , but in reinforcing global cooperation .
Yes , the US is not yet a party to the agreement - even though America is the world 's biggest single contributor to greenhouse gas emissions .
Fourth , the war in Afghanistan has not only proceeded rapidly on the ground , but has led to a diplomatic breakthrough as well .
The growing role of the UN in this process puts the seal of international law and diplomacy over the global struggle against terrorism , and helps to reassure many countries that this is a true international effort , not just the US acting alone .
It can not be a game of rich against poor .
It can not function without international law and international institutions .
As a result , it is alleged , the Islamic world can not cope with the demands of modernization , either in technology or in cultural practices , such as the granting of rights to women , which is necessary for economic success in the modern world .
Consider one example : the number of children per woman in society , known as the `` total fertility rate . '' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children , the number of children is very high .
The Commission notes that R&D investments directed at the diseases of the poor are likely to have enormous social returns , not only because of recent breakthroughs in science -LRB- such as the mapping of the malaria parasite genome -RRB- , but also because so little is currently invested in these areas .
The idea of controlling epidemic disease and cutting absolute poverty sharply by 2015 is not naïve idealism , but hard-headed thinking amply supported by the best evidence .
I am not speaking of relative poverty , the nearly inevitable fact that some members of society are worse off than others , though to some extent that varies society to society .
The poorest of the poor in sub-Saharan Africa and in remote areas of Latin America and Central Asia have not shared these successes .
In many of these countries , the past twenty years have marked a time of regress , not progress .
Sadly , for dozens of countries around the world , that target is not being met , because too little money is invested in health .
That may seem like a lot of money , but not in comparison with the $ 25 trillion in income each year earned by rich countries , or the roughly $ 500 billion spent each year on their militaries .
The rich world can redeem itself , indeed promote its interests in global peace and prosperity , by proving that the Millennium Development Goals are not empty words .
His corrupt cronies and military officials who benefitted during his lawless regime stand by him - not only to preserve their own corrupt incomes , but also out of fear of the retribution that might follow their fall from power .
America , Europe , and other democracies should not continue to do `` business as usual '' with Zimbabwe .
Even non-democracies such as modernized China could accept this rule , because it would apply to heads of government , not ruling parties .
Mugabe 's challengers would have been given the upper hand in the political conflict , and it might have been taken for granted inside Zimbabwe and the SADC that Mugabe would not and should not contest this round of elections .
Even though Argentina is , in the last analysis , mainly responsible for its fate , the IMF is not helping .
The problem is not only , or even mainly , the IMF 's delay in providing money to Argentina .
Argentina 's widening budget deficit is mainly the result of its economic collapse since 1999 , not the cause of it .
Yes , budgetary waste exists , but it is not the cause of an extreme macroeconomic crisis .
The recession was mainly caused not by budgetary spending , but rather by Brazil 's sharp devaluation of its currency in February 1999 , a step which made Argentina 's own Peso uncompetitive and led investors -LRB- rightly , it turned out -RRB- to expect a similar devaluation in Argentina .
International banks in Argentina should work with the Government to restore banking functions within days , not months .
Only then should the Government pledge a responsible path of budget spending , but not extreme cuts .
By focusing on the budget deficit , it is chasing symptoms , not causes .
British officers believed that they were being brave by not being swayed by `` emotions '' !
Such people are dying not because early death is inevitable , but because they can not afford the medicines to keep themselves alive .
We need a plan , says the US ; we can not throw money at the problem .
I single out America not because it is unique in its neglect , but because it is unique in its capacity to lead .
Of course , if two economies have persistently different rates of inflation , then the exchange rate between their currencies will not tend to return to its historic level .
It is also possible that the exchange rate will not return to the long-run average if one economy is hit by a huge structural change . But such changes occur less frequently than is often supposed or alleged .
They do not trade on fundamental information , but on the latest gossip and fads .
Of course , if such fads are common , and if they do not last forever , a smart investor can profit handsomely from them , say , by selling the dollar short in recent months .
For the same reason , Keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to his own views , but rather the contestant that he believes will be chosen by the other judges !
And academic economists should be more steadfast in explaining how financial market prices reflect fundamental economic values , even if this is not necessarily true in the short term .
Alas , Keynes stressed these same deficiencies long ago , so we should not expect any miraculous changes in behavior now .
He is a protectionist , not a free trader .
Suddenly the country is thrown into a balance of payments crisis , in which it can not service its foreign debts . This disrupts trade and production .
The key reason for the Great Depression of the 1930s was not stock market decline , but the collapse of America 's banking system that took place during 1930-33 .
Moreover , the Federal Reserve did not feel free to expand the money supply at the time because the US adhered to the gold standard .
My moderate optimism should not disguise my unhappiness at America 's poor economic management .
The most remarkable feature of these environmental changes is that they are not limited to local environments .
When disasters hit -LRB- such as this year 's droughts or floods -RRB- , politicians can not be held accountable for mistakes made over the course of many decades .
A high cost of war is certainly not a case for inaction , especially in the face of a serious risk that Iraq could obtain , and eventually use , weapons of mass destruction .
These disruptive effects would not only dampen production , but would undermine investor and consumer confidence and thereby limit both private investment and consumer spending .
Even if the US economy might experience some short-term demand boost from increased military spending , the rest of the world would not .
They believe that the war will be quick , virtually effortless , and self-financing , as the US . effectively gains control of Iraqi oil supplies , which will not only drive down world oil prices but also finance Iraq 's postwar reconstruction .
An alternative scenario is huge uncertainty and turmoil throughout the Middle East , with major disruptions in oil flows , for political if not military reasons .
The truth is that economic performance is determined not only by governance standards , but by geopolitics , geography , and economic structure .
If rich countries blame unlucky countries - claiming that they are somehow culturally or politically unfit to benefit from globalization - we will create not only deeper pockets of poverty but also deepening unrest .
Former French President Valery Giscard d'Estaing , currently the President of the Convention on the Future of Europe , recently declared that `` Turkey is not a European country , '' and that Turkey 's admission to the EU would be `` the end of Europe . ''
By spurring this institutional reform , moreover , economic prospects also brighten , not least by Turkey 's ability to attract larger flows of foreign direct investment .
Democracy is not mentioned anywhere in the study .
Bush 's swaggering style plays well in Texas , but not in Paris and Berlin .
America 's people have never been told about the huge financial and political burdens that lie ahead , and they are not ready to bear them .
The US can not legally market Iraqi oil , much less invest in new fields , until the old UN sanctions against Iraq are lifted . But the rest of the world believes that lifting the sanctions is tantamount to handing Iraq 's oil future over to the US and UK occupying forces and their corporate cronies .
Complicated strategic interactions exist not only between Israelis and Palestinians , but also within the two sides .
Arab extremists launched attacks against Israelis civilians , in part to show moderates on both sides that compromise would not stick .
Israelis and Palestinians can not find the way out alone , because neither side would dare to forcibly disarm its own extremists without absolute proof that the other side will do the same .
In these circumstances , gradual confidence building will not work .
But sanctions were not the only reason for decline . Political unrest also devastated the economy , as did a fall in world gold prices that coincided with the anti-apartheid movement in the final years .
Cuba bears a heavy economic burden today not only as a result of its own internal economic mistakes but also because of the barriers to trade and investment imposed by the US since the 1960 's .
In Myanmar , Iraq , North Korea , and Cuba , despotic regimes not only survived the imposition of sanctions , but became more despotic .
Indeed , sanctions weaken an economy and public health , but do not necessarily make it more likely that a despotic regime will collapse .
Of course , countries that embrace the use of sanctions do not intend this , but that does not lessen their responsibility for the outcome .
Other leaders declared that the UN should not abandon its mission .
In the end , it will squander human lives -- such as the brave and dedicated workers of the UN -- not to mention hundreds of billions of dollars .
Many American voices are already saying that , whether or not the war in Iraq was a good idea , the US -LRB- and the UN -RRB- must now stay , to preserve national honor and to show that the US will not be scared away by terrorism .
The US is not in a position to pacify Baghdad or to protect the UN or others that work alongside an occupying army , even those working in humanitarian activities .
Terrorism in this case is not just a cowardly act ; it is also a reflection of the poisoned politics of US military occupation .
Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar wisely noted that `` -LRB- t -RRB- he security threat in Iraq will remain as long as the deep-rooted resentment of the people against the occupation is not dealt with in a fair and just manner .
The UN should not be seen as part and parcel of the occupation . ''
Iraq 's long-term reconstruction does not need foreign financial assistance .
The US is seen by many Iraqis as a colonial occupier , and is therefore the target of attack not only by loyalists of Saddam Hussein , but by Iraqi nationalists of various sorts , as well as by Arab fighters from neighboring countries .
The oil fields in the South do not have enough electricity to operate at capacity because the power grid is also the target of repeated bombings .
This shortfall in oil earnings , not the lack of foreign assistance , is the real cause of Iraq 's financial crisis .
That would represent an extra 3-4 million barrels per day on top of today 's production , or roughly $ 30-40 billion per year -- enough not only to restore basic services , but to achieve big improvements in living standards and economic growth in the medium term .
In short , Iraq would not need official development assistance at all .
The biggest costs in Iraq are not for reconstruction but for US troops .
By focusing global attention on an economic crisis that does not really exist , it has diverted public attention from serious crises that do .
Just as US presidents treat the Middle East as America 's gasoline station , they treat the Andean countries not as home to 130 million poor and struggling people , but , first and foremost , as suppliers of cocaine .
Bolivia 's peasant coca cultivators are viewed not as indigenous people trying to survive in a region mostly without jobs , but as drug traffickers .
Bush literally laughed in his face , saying not to worry , that he , too , faced political pressures .
Focusing on terrorism to the exclusion of other issues , and emphasizing the military response to it , will not bring prosperity and peace , or even a significant reduction in the number of attacks .
Ironically , President Bush claims that the UN does not follow through on its word .
America is certainly not alone in failing to promote the international goals adopted in the UN .
But the world should not wait for the America to come to its senses .
Poor countries , especially the democracies of the developing world -- Brazil , South Africa , India , Mexico , Ghana , the Philippines -- should say , `` We need to act on the issues that concern us , not just on the issues that concern the US . ''
If so , it could mark not only Brazil 's economic ascendancy but also the recovery of other parts of South America .
Much of the credit for Brazil 's turnaround belongs not to Lula but to his predecessor , Fernando Henrique Cardoso , who was Brazil 's President from 1992 to 2000 .
· climate change may not be gradual .
Efficiencies in energy use are possible , but they can not solve either the problem of long-run oil supplies or climate change .
Yet these alternatives are expensive , and can not realistically replace fossil fuels .
Our energy future will depend not on one solution , but on a variety of steps : exploration and development of new petroleum sources , especially outside the Middle East ; increased energy efficiency ; long-term development and adoption of affordable renewable sources ; and the environmentally safe use of alternative fossil fuels such as coal .
Germany was destabilized by defeat in World War I , a harsh peace in 1919 , hyperinflation in the 1920 's , and the Great Depression of the 1930 's , but was otherwise not uniquely barbarous .
Hannah Arendt was closer to the mark when she wrote about the `` banality of evil , '' not its uniqueness .
A Nazi leader would not have said it differently .
We 're not being tough enough .
I am not saying that the US is more depraved than other countries . What I am saying is that human society , even in the twenty-first century , is capable of sliding into barbaric thinking and action , no matter the level of `` development . ''
The key , however , is that the budget does not rely simply on `` trickle-down '' economics to raise living standards .
The government 's programs are not mere populist promises .
The lesson for other developing countries is that spending on the poor for health , education , safe drinking water , electricity , and the like , is not simply pandering ; it is a serious and productive investment .
But even India , with its growing economy , can not afford to make these investments out of national resources .
The rich world should not be grudging in its help to India .
The Germans encouraged their ally Austria to respond by invading Serbia , under the clear expectation that this would trigger war , but in a way that Germany would not be blamed .
Imperial Germany was not threatened by Russian industrial dominance in the way von Moltke feared , and its military calculations also failed .
Germany did not knock out France and then conquer Russia .
All of this matters now because last year America launched a war in which a terrorist attack was also an excuse , not the real cause .
The Bush administration wanted to fight Saddam Hussein well before the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11 , 2001 , but it could not have gained public support .
The Iraq War is not WWI .
While China and India grow rapidly , most of Africa is stagnating . Similarly , large parts of Latin America and Central Asia are experiencing rising , not falling , rates of poverty .
All of these problems are solvable , but they are not being solved in many places .
Military approaches alone will not work , because the root of the problem is the vulnerability of poor , hungry people to the prophets of hate .
If donors keep giving only a little bit of help , but not enough to solve the problems of the poorest countries , these countries will never escape poverty 's grip .
The sample survey documented an extra 100,000 Iraqi civilian deaths compared to the death rate in the preceding year , when Saddam Hussein was still in power -- and this estimate did not even count excess deaths in Falluja , which was deemed too dangerous to include .
The Times reporter apparently did not interview a single Bush administration or US military official .
The issue of civilian deaths was not even raised .
It does not .
The problem is not that we lack good solutions .
This is a mistake , because military approaches alone can not make America safe .
Former US President Bill Clinton called this response a `` democratization of development assistance , '' in which individuals lend their help not only through their governments but also through their own efforts .
Poor countries can not afford these investments on their own , so rich countries must help .
Of course , not all developing countries are sufficiently well governed to use an increase in aid in an honest , effective way .
Failures of rainfall contribute not only to famines and chronic hunger , but also to the onset of violence when hungry people clash over scarce food and water .
Soldiers can not keep peace among desperately hungry people .
Poor countries can not afford these technologies on their own .
Help for poor countries in Africa and elsewhere to adapt to climate change should not be described as charity or aid , but rather as compensation for damages being imposed on the poorest people on the planet .
Greater help for these countries to escape from extreme poverty has been promised for decades but has not been delivered .
While adaptation to climate change is necessary -- because it is already occurring -- this is not enough .
But the long-term decline in the ratio of aid to GNP did not stop the rich world from promising time and again to reach 0.7 % of GNP , including at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 and the Copenhagen Summit on Social Development in 1995 .
The US government often declares these days that it is not bound by any `` arbitrary '' numerical target such as 0.7 % of GNP .
Yet the US and other countries did sign the Monterrey Consensus urging `` developed countries that have not done so to make concrete efforts towards the target of 0.7 % of Gross National Product as official development assistance . ''
I am quite sure that The Wall Street Journal does not really represent the interests or views of many or even most of American rich people , including the millionaires and billionaires whose contributions to aid could make a huge difference for the lives of millions of people .
They will know that they would not only save lives , but also contribute to a much safer and more prosperous world .
But the majority of Americans , having supported the tax cuts in Bush 's first term because it gave them a little extra cash , do not support the attack on basic government services that has followed .
In a bizarre , but not unexpected way , America is lashing out at others for its problems .
Leadership is still not coming from the president , but the private sector has begun to act .
We must move to a sustainable energy system , one that does not mean a huge increase of carbon in the atmosphere .
Similarly , many company bosses know that pretending that climate problems do not exist is bad for shareholders , because reality will one day strike .
The solutions will not be easy , and the effort must last over many decades in all parts of the world .
Egregious abuse of power by conservative hardliners is not newsworthy to them .
However , a small but increasing number of conservative thinkers - while not democrats - advocate a more pragmatic and conciliatory approach , essentially adopting the language that once worked so well for the now-beleaguered reformists .
`` It 's better for all of us that mainstream conservatives go to parliament , people who are not extremist but pragmatic and moderate , '' according to the influential newspaper editor Amir Mohebian , who is emerging as the face of Iranian `` compassionate conservatism . ''
The road from authoritarianism to democracy will not be smooth or short .
Ideological rigidity alone , however , does not explain Iran 's often-gratuitous anti-Americanism .
As author Afshin Molavi wrote in his incisive travelogue Persian Pilgrimages , Iranian youth today are not revolutionary idealists , like those of three decades ago .
After 25 years of living without each other , reconciliation will not come immediately .
More importantly , Iran 's Shia clerics were both organized and politically active in a way that Pakistan 's Sunni clergy have not been .
A Pakistani intellectual once confessed to me , `` I fear the weak electoral showings of Islamists in Pakistan has more to do with the fact that a compelling , charismatic Islamist leader -- a Pakistani Hassan Nasrallah -- has yet to emerge , not that his message would n't resonate . ''
The army has always been the strongest bulwark in assuring that Pakistan does not go the way of Iran .
In the event of an Islamist political awakening , the army 's allegiances are not guaranteed .
This is not to suggest than an Islamist awakening in Pakistan is on the horizon , or that Pakistanis must choose between an unpopular autocrat or a Taliban-style government .
But the politics of rage , retribution , and rioting will not bring the kind of tranquil , pluralistic democracy that Bhutto envisioned .
As protests began last year , the grass-roots nature of the Green Movement was initially thought to be advantageous , given that it could not be easily decapitated . `` Thirty years ago people were sheep and Khomeini was their shepherd , '' a prominent Iranian democratic activist told me .
Iran 's first post-revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Ayatollah Khomeini but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against him .
Today , a somewhat similar dynamic exists : the two individuals arguably most responsible for the opposition 's resilience are not Mousavi and Karroubi , but Ahmadinejad and Khamenei .
Governmental brutality and intimidation can withstand the march of history for years , but not indefinitely .
Public policy is defined by the public 's interest in the policy , not who made it .
If not , how can the needs of scientific credibility and public accountability be met ?
While psychiatry may be leading the debate about these problems , other medical specialties can not be far behind .
The manifestations of illness and the expression of self are not so easily distinguished , and psychiatric treatment often focuses on disentangling the two .
When one adds to this the stigma and explicitly discriminatory practices against the mentally ill , it is a wonder that failure to keep appointments and take medications is not more common than it is .
While the `` self-illness ambiguity '' in mental illness may not be explicitly appreciated , many societies have made accommodations , such as considering a criminal offender 's state of mind in assessing legal culpability .
But the real curse of possessing oil is not so much that it incites the infamous `` Dutch disease '' -- the misallocation of resources away from tradable sectors -- or that it generates uncertainty due to oil 's price volatility .
If Iran does not properly manage its growing power , it could unwittingly trigger a drawn out sectarian war throughout the region , a nuclear arms race with Saudi Arabia and Egypt , and war with Israel , the US , or both .
For example , while Iran may not be happy with the American presence in Iraq , it realizes how close the country is to full-scale civil war .
In the Gulf , Iran has tried to reassure its Arab neighbors that Iranian power is not aimed at them and can in fact be a pillar of gulf security .
In this view , the US , not Iran , produced the region 's current problems .
Iran 's regional foreign policy has not yet caught up with its new pre-eminence ; it is making as many enemies as it is gaining friends , and it might squander the windfall gains that it made in the past three years .
If Iran and the Arab countries -- and alongside them the US and the international community -- do not manage today 's tensions wisely , the region could enter a period of protracted warfare .
But until the Lebanese state is able to integrate or dominate non-state militias , and until some of the raging confrontations in Lebanon 's immediate environment are calmed , Lebanon is not likely to know real stability .
Although the March 8 alliance lost the election , not all of its members were equally distressed by the results .
About one-fifth of eligible children , more than seven million , are not in school , and 60 % of these are girls .
Moreover , Islam does not have a priesthood , just scholars .
But they did not have the resources to keep up with their own growing populations .
The struggle for the future of the Arab and Muslim worlds that is being fought now will be won or lost not on the battlefield , but in the classroom .
Although both Hezbollah and Iran still argue , perhaps correctly , that Israel will not give back the Golan Heights or allow the emergence of a Palestinian state , the possibility of peace can not be ruled out .
He reminded his audience of the street fighting in Beirut in May 2008 , and made clear that Hezbollah would not shy away from another fight if necessary .
And , although the future does not look bright for Hezbollah , it is not likely to relinquish its power without a fight .
This scenario is worrying if the WTO does not get out of its rut , because a world economy that has been sliced up regionally will be dominated by discrimination , knots of red tape , and power plays .
Ultimately , as a region highly dependent on trade with and inward investment from the rest of the world , FTAs are not enough for East Asia .
The Doha Round will not make sustained progress without the active participation of East Asia , on individual issues and across the board .
It is not being negative or obstructionist in blocking the liberalization process on several fronts , which is India 's historic manner of conducting global trade negotiations .
Ever since Deng Xiao Ping 's remark that `` it 's not the color of the cat that matters , but whether it catches mice , '' it has been clear that the old Cold War divisions of left and right , communism and democracy , were obsolete .
That President Bachelet comes from socialist roots does not change the nature of her government , which will follow the parameters of its predecessors , and will preside over the most open economy in the region , one integrated into the global market by free-trade agreements that extend from the United States to China .
Nor can one argue that Brazil 's government under President Lula has not been characterized by moderation , following a more orthodox economic policy even than that of its predecessor , one based on fiscal discipline , budget surpluses , and an anti-inflationary monetary policy .
Uruguay 's government , too , has not deviated from the basic tenets of the policies of the conservative government that preceded it .
Even Bolivia 's government should not be regarded as a reincarnation of the continent 's old populism .
Although Morales campaigned on a promise to nationalize mineral resources , this has not happened yet , and , indeed , he now seems to be leaning towards partnerships with big state-owned energy companies , in the manner of Venezuela 's Pedevesa or Brazil 's Petrobras .
Morales might yet turn more radical , but , for now , he represents a deep , ethnically inspired demand for historic justice , not a hard-left ideology .
What all this means is that Latin America is not shifting left , but settling in the center .
But they go no further : Castro is fine for photo opportunities , but not for policy advice .
Chaos and violence in Iraq has strengthened the notion that insurgencies can not be defeated and so must be appeased .
Colombia 's experience shows that this is not the case .
This criminal insurgency is fueled not by popular support , but by the spoils of the cocaine trade .
Theirs is not a revolution ; it is cocaine-crazed nihilism .
Colombia 's government has gone as far as it can , in the face of much criticism from its own supporters , in not insisting on immediate disarmament or surrender , but instead offering a cease-fire and the rebels the possibility of reintegration into civil society under international observation .
This new middle class is no longer constrained by the patronage systems of the village , but it also does not enjoy the cozy relationship that links the old middle class with the elite .
Following the recent series of scandals , the average Indian does not believe this anymore .
Of course , doubts about the ruling elite are not unique to India .
The old aristocracy not only dominated the House of Lords , but also used its influence to get relatives , friends , and family retainers elected to the House of Commons by exploiting a key institutional weakness -- the existence of `` rotten boroughs '' that could be bought and sold .
As we know from Nazi Germany and other cases , such movements do not always lead to a happy outcome .
This was not palatable to the Punjabi-dominated military brass or to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , the leader of West Pakistan 's largest political party .
The future we face is not one of too much population growth , but too little .
The number of women of child-bearing age -LRB- 15-49 years -RRB- in China will drop 8 % between 2010 and 2020 , another 10 % in the 2020 's and , if not corrected , at an even faster pace thereafter .
The alliance in the fight against terrorism between Pakistani President General Pervez Musharraf and the United States is imperative not only for America , but for Pakistan-a Muslim-majority nation whose social fabric is being torn apart by militancy and lawlessness .
However , while Pakistan 's progressives oppose militarism and violence in principle , religious fundamentalists have no compunction in resorting to violence to reinforce their point of view - thus posing a threat not just to General Musharraf , who has survived at least two assassination attempts , but also to human rights workers .
Locals interviewed independently say that some of those captured are in fact innocent local people from Wana , not foreign militants .
Whereas the devoutly religious Zia was useful for boosting religious Islamic sentiments against the Soviets , Musharraf is needed nowadays to contain those very forces , which threaten not just global security but Pakistan itself .
So why not stick to a winning formula where energy is concerned ?
Of course , a common EU security strategy is not meant to undermine the rights of individual member states to choose their internal energy policies .
In the interests of our common security , we must not forsake that legacy .
Europe can not afford to let this history make it complacent .
Such a single voice would not erode individual countries ' sovereign right to determine their energy production mix i.e. balance between conventional , renewables and nuclear , as some Eurosceptics claim ; it is simply common sense between countries determined to defend their common security .
Leprosy is thus an infectious disease ; it is not hereditary , let alone a divine punishment .
But what is not acceptable is the way that people with leprosy , those cured of it , and even their family members continue to be discriminated against on the basis of fears , myths , and outdated notions about a disease that is today completely curable .
So leprosy should not be grounds for denying anyone the right to marry , or for divorce ; nor should it constitute grounds for separating a child from his or her parents .
They are not to be denied admission to or expelled from schools or training programs on the grounds of leprosy .
In other words , people should not be discriminated against on the grounds of having or having had leprosy -- or , indeed , any disease .
At the moment , who will succeed Putin is not important ; what counts is the process that will result in the choice of Russia 's third president .
The real historical significance of the choice that Russia will face in 2008 will be determined not by the next president 's personal qualities , but by his loyalties -- that is , to whom he owes his job .
This means that he will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised him to power , not in a symbolic sense , but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if he does not .
This narrow circle comprises not only very rich and resourceful people , but also members of informal but very effective organizations -LRB- which are often , perhaps not entirely correctly , called `` mafia '' -RRB- .
This does not necessarily lead them to work solely for the public good .
Free elections do not determine politicians ' behavior , and do not necessarily ensure that moral , energetic , and intelligent people fill high offices .
Spontaneous protests erupted in front of police headquarters , but the police did not intervene .
On December 11 , another rally was held at site of the murder , and moved into the very center of Moscow , Manezhnaya Square , just outside the Kremlin 's walls . The crowd began to chant nationalist slogans , and then proceeded to beat up passersby who did not look Slavic .
These events are not without precedent .
Indeed , the vast popular protests that took place during the `` Orange Revolution '' in Ukraine five years ago convinced the Kremlin that they could not allow any spontaneous outburst of public emotions .
As a result , special youth brigades fostered by the Kremlin nowadays beat up activists of `` not ours . ''
It is not clear yet whether the nationalist youth rebellion has been suppressed , and whether Muscovites will be able to use the subway without fear during Russia 's New Year and Orthodox Christmas holidays .
If not , we will continue to face a dual tragedy : on one side , the thousands of patients who die each year for want of a kidney ; on the other side , a human-rights disaster in which corrupt brokers deceive indigent donors about the nature of surgery , cheat them out of payment , and ignore their post-surgical needs .
Because bidding and private buying would not be permitted , available organs would be distributed to the next in line -- not just to the wealthy .
A solution is to provide in-kind rewards -- such as a down payment on a house , a contribution to a retirement fund , or lifetime health insurance -- so that the program would not be attractive to people who might otherwise rush to donate on the promise of a large sum of instant cash .
While `` fairness '' may well be in the eyes of the beholder , in some cases , the host country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal -- a frequent situation when MNEs negotiate with the least developed countries -LRB- the world 's 50 poorest countries , most of them in sub-Saharan Africa -RRB- .
The host country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
So , even without corruption , it is not surprising when a future government demands that the contract be renegotiated .
While this would not end the abrogation or renegotiation of contracts , it would eliminate one important reason them , benefiting countries and companies alike .
Of course , not every measure that makes the climate less welcoming for foreign direct investors is protectionist .
But the definition of FDI protectionism can become more complicated , because measures taken in the interest of legitimate public policy objectives -- for example , protecting national security or increasing FDI 's contribution to the host economy -- are not necessarily instances of it , even if they make the foreign-investment climate less hospitable .
The bottom line is that the investment climate for foreign direct investors is becoming less welcoming . While this is certainly not the dominant approach toward FDI , we need to be vigilant that it does not become so .
NEW YORK -- So far , discussions about whether or not China should revalue its currency , the renminbi , have focused almost exclusively on the impact of the currency 's exchange rate on China 's trade balance .
The 20 % revaluation of the renminbi against the US dollar in 2005-2008 undoubtedly facilitated this in the case of recipient countries whose currencies did not also appreciate against the dollar .
But rich countries are also getting older . This `` graying '' of the world 's richest nations will profoundly affect not only these societies , but poorer countries as well .
These demographically induced developments will not only affect investment and growth patterns of industrial economies , but the allocation of resources as well .
Liberia 's post-conflict recovery is not unprecedented , but it provides a clear illustration of how coordinated and sustained multilateral support can help national leaders deliver impressive results .
Although debt relief and the related policy reforms are a major political and economic achievement , they are not a panacea for Liberia 's considerable challenges .
All this might be seen as a predictable , conservative reaction to urgently needed reforms , were it not for the poor track record of the Sunni economic establishment , which for many years adapted well enough to Syrian domination .
For their part , North Korea 's elite understands that they have no true allies at present , not even in Beijing .
Hence , war initiated by the North , while not unthinkable , seems unlikely .
Well aware of the complexities and hazards -- and seeking to avoid alienating any of the parties -- China is willing to play the role of convener , but not adjudicator , of an American-North Korean dialogue .
China , too , believes that if advocates of `` regime change '' do not push North Korea too hard , a strategy can be pursued that is based on slow evolution rather than a precipitous break -- and a possible violent breakdown .
The market is merely a tool , not an answer to every human problem .
For German conservatives , European integration and national identity are not warring concepts , as they seem to be to our opponents and so many others .
Decades later , the European Union still needs the binding power and legitimacy of its constituent nations , as well as of historical regional political structures within those nations , because a common European identity is emerging only slowly and can not yet justify a unitary constitutional structure .
In Istanbul , we not only reinforced the alliance 's vital transatlantic link , but also built bridges of cooperation to other regions .
There are important questions to be addressed , not only about the direction of NATO 's missions and operations , but also about the future of transatlantic security cooperation and the role the Alliance will play .
Indeed , as we face today 's security challenges - terrorism , proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , failed states - we can not afford not to .
First of all , the debate about burden-sharing should not be reduced solely to today 's force levels in Afghanistan , because , however important these force levels are , they tell only part of the story .
Contrary to popular opinion , the type of forces and capabilities needed by NATO are not as widely available in national inventories as one might think .
But it is not possible to convert territorial forces into expeditionary forces overnight , and the costs of transformation often must compete with the costs of deploying forces for operations .
In Afghanistan , for example , national systems for friendly-force tracking , which are vital to preventing accidental attacks on one 's own forces or allies , are not compatible .
This sort of arithmetic has the merit of giving some indications about burden-sharing , but it has also been shown that burden-sharing can not be fully captured in graphs and spreadsheets .
By stepping back and looking at the broader picture , it is clear that it is not just a matter of having the right capabilities , but also of having the money and political will to deploy them .
Alliance solidarity is not just a slogan .
Totally fair burden-sharing may not be possible , but a security organization like NATO undoubtedly allows us to come closer to it than any other approach .
The Japanese occupation of China was a particularly galling and humiliating period because Japan was an Asian , not a Western , power .
The reaction of China 's leaders to the America 's accidental attack on China 's embassy in Belgrade in 1998 , and to the collision of an American spy plane with a Chinese plane over the Pacific , was to permit , if not foment , large anti-foreign demonstrations .
In keeping with this syndrome , Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing has accused Japan of having `` hurt the feelings of the Chinese people '' by not apologizing for their crimes , as if he were Minister of Psychology , rather than foreign affairs .
Given the combination of factors that now conspire to throw bilateral relations off course , it is useful to remember that the responsibility of a superpower like the US is not simply to react in a visceral or self-interested manner to the world , but to lead with maturity and moderation .
To date , the Bush administration has not done badly with its policy of `` tough love '' toward China .
If the US and China were to team up to address the challenge of climate change , the results might not only be a more congenial climate and a better Sino-US relationship , but also new and vibrant economic sectors in both countries .
If climate change were on the agenda for Hu 's upcoming trip , the meeting , whether or not it is designated a `` state visit , '' could be one of historic consequence .
Watanabe tells us that the Committee concluded that , `` not only high-ranking government leaders , general , and admirals should shoulder the blame . '' According to the Committee , `` field officers were often more influential than even the Emperor , war ministers , and chiefs-of-staffs in making decisions to go to and escalate the wars , and were responsible for many atrocities . ''
Although there have been numerous initiatives to investigate its war guilt , especially its occupation of China , there has not yet been an official effort comparable to what the Germans undertook to take collective responsibility for their war crimes .
While Yomiuri 's unique public effort is not a government initiative , it comes as close as Japan will probably ever get to conducting an acceptable `` official '' inquiry and offering an adequate apology .
But it would be a pity if China 's leaders did not endorse this acknowledgement of Japanese guilt as a manifestation of Japan 's willingness to repent .
But looking down on the scene from the half-finished Morgan Centre , the luxury apartment complex -LRB- where annual rents are $ 800,000 -RRB- and seven-star hotel that is arising beside the Olympic site , one is awestruck not only by the project 's grandeur , but by its design daring .
China 's leaders view the Olympics not only as a national celebration , but also as the greatest national coming-out party in history .
This view is not only out of step with international trends , but it also inhibits China from playing a useful role in world crises .
China 's second challenge concerns its hybrid capitalist\/Leninist system of governance , which may not function well enough without democratic feedback and the rule of law .
Party leaders may not become sufficiently attuned to the needs of China 's people to respond to problems like corruption , environmental degradation , or peasant unrest before crises make them unsolvable .
But , as Mao always noted , theory should not be confused with practice , and the sustainability of such a model remains untested .
Right now , China 's focus is not on grand political visions for the future , but on grand visions for a Beijing reborn to impress the world .
This feeling has deeply troubled its leaders and filled its people with a sense that , despite all their economic progress , their proper place in the world was not only eluding them , but being denied to them by the endless criticism of the so-called `` developed world . ''
But , now that the Games have ended , Chinese leaders can not quite say , `` Mission accomplished . ''
While China 's achievement is worthy of genuine esteem , its efforts to gain a full measure of international respect and real `` great power '' status will not succeed until it matches its new economic and military power with a certain essential moral force .
I make these somewhat critical observations about China not with any sense of moral superiority or a wish to relieve myself of the responsibility to level the same critique at my own country 's recent failures .
Such forthrightness is not easy for any country .
It would not be too extreme to say that China has fashioned a whole identity out of its historical victimization .
Why not just keep the fledgling epidemic under wraps and hope that it goes away without the world ever knowing ?
But what really makes forecasting China 's future so difficult is not only that recent developments have so often defied prediction , but that virtually opposite , if logical , scenarios are plausible .
In an age when self-determination is a hallowed principle how is it possible that Taiwan - which has been part of China during only four of the last eleven decades , and has never been under the control of the People 's Republic of China - is shunned by every nation when it deigns to wonder aloud why it should not be allowed to go its own way ?
So it is a timely moment to reappraise its position and to begin acting from strength , not weakness .
In due course , they may well be able to become more unified on the political front - if they do not push their disagreements too aggressively .
China must declare , loudly and clearly , that greater democracy , not mutant Leninism , is its ultimate political goal , and that as this evolutionary process takes place and the political climate becomes more congenial , they look forward to discussing how to better weave a political , as well as an economic , fabric with Taiwan .
In 1973 , as Sino-US relations were thawing , Mao admitted to Henry Kissinger that , though he did not believe reunification would come peacefully , `` We can do without Taiwan for the time being , and let it come after 100 years ...
Mao 's advice is not bad .
They have not been heard from since .
This was not , of course , the first time someone had been detained without explanation in China , so it was not a good omen .
`` I felt I had to reveal what was happening , not just to save China , but to save the world , '' he said .
But the demolition process that has transformed or razed so many of China 's old Stalinist economic institutions has not been matched by a demolition of stultifying political structures .
Dr. Jiang Yanyong may become a millionaire , wear any clothes he likes , redecorate his living room , even buy a car , but he can not inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition .
By contrast , the importance of foreign markets for asset managers remains very limited and has not changed significantly since 2007 .
Interestingly , most large European banks ' prime investment destination was other European markets , not other parts of the world , raising Europe 's contribution to total revenue to nearly 30 % , from less than 20 % a decade ago .
Apart from discouraging banks from investing abroad , outright restrictions on foreign banks ' market access can not be ruled out , either .
Though this environment may not be fundamentally at risk , the current trend towards increasing capital requirements for international banks -- reflected , for example , in calls for the establishment of independent subsidiaries with autonomous capital and liquidity pools -- is clearly worrisome .
While these novel susceptibility factors have been shown to be significantly associated with an increased relative breast cancer risk , the statistical significance does not imply clinical utility for preventive management and therapy of breast cancer -- at least not yet .
Last , but not least , criteria have to be established to define when and to whom genetic testing should be offered .
Thus , `` to test or not to test '' is not the first question that needs to be answered .
If , at this time , the answer is no , counselees do not need to waste time and money dealing with the test .
In contrast , if the answer is yes , the informed counselees themselves have to decide if they wish to be tested or not .
Ban , by contrast , is neither charismatic nor an inspirational speaker -- indeed , his English is not as good as Annan 's .
Nonetheless Ban is sometimes criticized for not doing more , not listening enough , or deferring too much to the Big Five countries on the Security Council .
Ban , in turn , has openly chastised member states for not giving him sufficient resources .
But , wherever the truth may lie , few critics take into account that he , like all former UN chief executives , has to deal with the reality that he possesses only moral power , not economic , military , or political power .
Indeed , with two-thirds of member states and a majority of European citizens supporting the Treaty , it can not simply be abandoned .
At the same time , French and Dutch citizens ' voices can not be ignored -- all the more so because it is unimaginable that an identical text could be submitted to a second referendum in either country .
Because all 27 states must ratify the Treaty , it therefore seems obvious that it can not enter into force in its current form , and that the `` yes '' countries can not push ahead with it unchanged .
It is also obvious that member states can not solve these problems alone , but only through coordinated EU action and common policies .
This does not mean that enlarging the EU 's competencies should be the aim at any cost .
So the objective is not automatically `` more Europe , '' but rather a `` better Europe '' capable of acting effectively and more transparently in areas where collective action is clearly necessary .
If Europe is to fulfill its role as a major global actor , its scope can not be limited to that of a large common market .
The solution to the impasse over Europe 's Constitutional Treaty certainly does not lie in the direction of diminishing its scope , and thus perhaps making it just an `` ordinary '' treaty .
The answer is more likely to be found in the Treaty 's simplification , taking out those elements that are not absolutely necessary , and also enriching it in such areas as climate change .
If not all the EU 's members are ready to take this path , flexible solutions of the sort that have been a feature of European compromise in the past may be needed .
Differentiation should not mean division , but rather progress at variable speeds .
`` When inequality is the common law , the strongest inequalities are not conspicuous , '' Alexis de Tocqueville wrote in his classic Democracy in America , but `` when everything is more or less leveled , the slightest inequality hurts . '' Because no society can ensure complete equality , `` welfare democracy '' feeds dissatisfaction and frustration - and hence demands for more welfare democracy , not less .
Still more probably , it might confine politics to the day-to-day management of redistributing wealth among groups that coexist in the same society but do not necessarily share much else .
Likewise , in the fall of 2008 , the threat of financial Armageddon brought not just Germany but the whole world to the brink of disaster .
One can not help but marvel at how discreetly this topic is being dealt with by Merkel and Steinmeier .
The so-called `` autonomous '' violent left-wing radicals in Berlin-Kreuzberg enjoy themselves by torching luxury cars , but not a single bank window has been smashed in Germany .
I can not explain this dynamic .
I do not believe in Karl Marx 's iron laws of history .
I do not sympathize with this group , but I do understand that non-voters expect only one thing of Germany 's political parties these days : `` practically the same ''
Sadly , Russia 's leaders have tolerated , if not encouraged , fear of foreigners and assaults on those whose appearance differs from the average Russian .
It would not do any good , she said resignedly , and then spoke of how her 12-year-old daughter is repeatedly told at school that all Chechens are criminals and that nobody likes them .
One can not help but contrast this with Budanov , the rapist and murderer who is now free to move about Russia at will .
Of course , he did mainly fill his own pockets -- and his social and political activities certainly were not entirely altruistic , either .
On the contrary , events have imposed an agenda on Europe that we can not escape and for which solidarity -- true union -- will be needed .
Europe 's main strength in foreign policy is not its commitment to a rules-based multilateralism , important as that undoubtedly is , but its unity .
Regional governments may not have openly supported the insurgents , but they clearly avoided cracking down on the jihadist groups operating within their borders .
Both the transformation of Baghdad into a Shiite city and the recognition and support of Iraq 's neighbors for the country 's new political order have been instrumental in stabilizing the country . These changes are likely to be permanent , and offer hope that the wide-scale violence that afflicted the country between 2003 and 2007 will not return after US forces depart .
First , we thought that the main reason why banks fail is that depositors panic , not that the main reason depositors panic is that banks are in danger of failing .
If large corporations -LRB- and other banks -RRB- have deposits that they expect to be able to claim on short notice , and if they know that not all such deposits can be withdrawn at the same time , then suspicion that a bank might fail gives them as much reason to rush to the exit as households have .
Indeed , shadow banking would not have grown so fast had that regime not been devised with the apparent lessons of the 1930 's in mind .
The lesson that confidence-building measures averted a crash in 2000 was precisely the lesson that the financial system did not need to learn .
As for the World Bank , it does not need to `` reposition '' itself so much as to root itself in emerging countries , as does the development aid industry in general .
The international community simply can not leave them to their own devices on such crucial issues without jeopardizing its own future .
But it can not be the sole purpose of international aid , nor of the World Bank .
This does not mean that business as usual should be good enough for the World Bank .
The Bank should be able to work with them in the absence of sovereign guarantees , and increase its loan offerings in local currencies , since these partners can not afford currency risk .
The time has not yet come to shake hands and part company .
On the grounds that the environment in developing countries provides unique ecological services to the whole of mankind , some argue that their populations should not exploit the natural resources on their territories .
Such conservation-based development projects prove that economic growth and environmental protection are not incompatible .
On the contrary , mounting environmental challenges in some of the world 's economically deprived regions will not be overcome in a context of poverty .
Sadly , we know that most countries will not meet the objectives by 2015 .
The reality is that aid increased only slightly over the 2000-2006 period : because of massive debt write-offs , the substantial increase in official development assistance did not translate into new and available funds on the ground .
But with deliverable aid levels remaining practically constant , and given strong population growth , notably in Africa , the international community has not given itself sufficient means to reach its ambitious targets .
While more action is needed to accelerate progress , a failure to achieve the MDGs by 2015 would not mean that they are worthless , or that aid is inefficient .
Today , and this seems to surprise most people outside Turkey , it is women , not men , who are at the heart of political debate .
Gul was not the issue ; the issue was his wife .
Kemalism -LRB- the beliefs associated with the founder of modern Turkey , Musfafa Kemal Atut?rk -RRB- is unique among all Muslim reform movements in that it transformed not only the public sphere , but also the private sphere -- the domain of mothers , wives , sisters , daughters .
The difference between what the French call laicité and secularism is more than a linguistic nuance for Turkey , which adopted its Kemalist system not long after France entrenched its secular republic .
But in Turkey the headscarf is not seen as a trivial symbol .
Eighty years after the republic 's founding the trouble with headscarved women is that they do not fit into the picture of the ideal modern Turkish woman .
It is not uncommon for one sister to wear a headscarf while another does not , or a mother to wear a headscarf while her daughters do not .
Sometimes among two best friends , one is covered and one is not .
And not all headscarved women are `` ignorant '' or `` repressed . ''
This complexity is lost not only on Western observers but also on Turkey 's elite .
After all , pluralism is not only a political principle , it is one a free society applies to individuals -- male and female -- as well .
But that debate should not be allowed to mask the truth behind this treaty : the DR-CAFTA is more a pleading of special interests than a free-trade deal .
As if this were not bad enough , the agreement jettisons everything we 've learned over the last 30 years or so about international pressure and labor law reform .
Without this right , elections may not add up to democracy .
The issue is not free trade versus protectionism , but `` smart trade '' versus `` polarizing trade . '' Smart trade creates balanced development , while polarizing trade rewards a small circle of winners at the expense of the many .
Even regulators and industry experts are not aware of the true numbers of deaths and adverse events , due to the lack of proper reporting .
The EU directive does not regulate social and behavioral research while the US . does not regulate research that is privately funded and not related to drug licensing .
If such research is truly to serve the public good , the safety , health , and dignity of human subjects should not be compromised .
Containment , not Appeasement America and the world are focused on whether the Bush administration will adopt the Iraq Study Group 's recommendations for an exit strategy from Iraq .
This was not the first time that containment -- a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Department 's Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II -- has been rejected as appeasement .
This was calculated resolve , not appeasement .
So long as the USSR did not stage a military attack , containment 's reliance on economic sticks and carrots , competition within the world communist movement , intelligence and diplomacy , and promoting the vitality of the capitalist democracies would guarantee security .
Containment against Libya was not appeasement . It should have been the model in Iraq , as it now should be the model in Iran .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
Sheik Dia al-Shakarchi , a leading Shi'ite theologian , argues that democracy is not only compatible with Islam , but is essential to it .
During the last 25 years , Islam has played an increasingly influential role in politics , and not only in the Islamic world , with political Islam frequently expressing itself in radicalism and terror .
Both Muslims and non-Muslims have not always agreed on the extent to which this is compatible with genuine Islam .
Indeed , in my view , democracy is not only permitted by Islam , but can be regarded as a religious rule .
Even if democracy might be viewed primarily as an evil from an Islamic point of view , there is another principle of interpretation of religious laws in Islam , according to which minor evils -- even if religiously impermissible or not recommended at first -- become permissible , recommended , and even mandatory if they alone can prevent major evils .
A country like Iraq , for example , is home to a diverse and varied population : Arab and Kurd , Sunni and Shi'ite , not to mention minorities of other religions and ethnic groups .
Moreover , not all Muslims practice Islam , nor do those who practice do so in the same way .
So religion can not be imposed ; individuals must practice it according to their own decisions .
It is the best way of organizing a society based on reality and not ideals .
He did not act alone .
His most controversial political moves were aimed at his domestic opponents , not the Chinese government on the mainland .
He led a vicious campaign to portray all Taiwanese with mainland Chinese roots , even if born and bred in Taiwan , as untrustworthy carpetbaggers -- wai shen ren , or `` not native people '' -- as if they were aliens from a different culture .
So insistent was Chen 's campaign that it reminded some people of Mao 's Cultural Revolution , a time when Chinese were divided into `` us '' and `` them . '' Indeed , under Chen 's policy , Taiwan nearly became a rigidly divided society , where `` local '' and `` not native '' Chinese lived as potential enemies .
The Chinese culture embodied in the daily lives of 23 million Taiwanese of whatever political beliefs was not so easily eliminated by decree .
But , while Chen 's legacy of lies and corruption has ended , the reborn KMT under President Ma Ying-jeou has much to do to convince a cynical public that Chen 's ways , reminiscent of KMT 's own darker past , have not become embedded in the system .
Chen 's jail sentence should also serve to remind the DPP that it must become a party for all Taiwanese , `` local '' or not if it is to have any chance at a revival .
Taiwan 's people know that they can not prosper as a democracy if ethnic divisiveness is allowed to hold sway .
That flaw infects the heart of the `` One Country , Two Systems '' notion : the idea that genuine autonomy can exist in a country whose supreme leaders do not believe in rule by consent .
In fact , many observers believe that Hong Kong 's real rate of joblessness is much higher , and fear that the trend is not encouraging .
Most of Hong Kong 's people now recognize that their stagnating economy is not merely a matter of bad policy .
These are not idle questions .
Many Chinese do not accept communist rule precisely because the Communist Party denies its past , -LRB- and remains -RRB- unapologetic about its cruelty .
Their message to the government in Beijing is this : you can not take away our ethnicity but you have soiled our dignity through your barbarism .
Almost immediately , he launched another campaign to suppress `` counter-revolutionaries , '' berating one province for `` being too lenient , not killing enough . ''
Killing `` enemies '' was not the sole purpose .
If not half , one-third , or one-tenth -- 50 million -- die ... but you ca n't blame me when people die . ''
Without your invasion , we Communists would not have won . ''
The reality is not as gleaming as it first looks .
Chen , as a sitting president , can not be indicted even though the prosecutor says that he has evidence to prove his guilt .
But Chen 's behavior did not help .
They do so not because Taiwan is small -- witness Hong Kong and Switzerland -- but because it retains too many restrictions against foreign institutions .
In fact , Taiwan 's moral superiority over mainland China lies not only in its democratic institutions , but also in its unbroken adherence to the ancient culture that the Chinese communists nearly succeeded in annihilating after coming to power in 1949 .
Without quality education , there can not be a quality work force , and without that , no country can hope to compete in a world where the march of globalization can not be stopped .
Competition is not a zero-sum game .
We believe in banknotes because we collectively decide to trust the government when it says that 100 is 100 , not 10 or 50 .
We do not grow up wishing to work for crooks and liars .
As I write , inflation in Zimbabwe has reached an unimaginable -LRB- if not unpronounceable -RRB- level of more than 500 quintillion per cent .
Fortunately , Zimbabwe is not a country of real consequence for world stability .
If we can not rely on the best auditors , can we continue to trust chartered accountants ?
Now we know that Wall Street 's titans were never all that smart , and certainly not very ethical , for they failed the only test that counts .
History has not been kind to societies that lose trust in the integrity of their leaders and institutions .
The truth is that the tests were not designed to find answers .
But the Obama administration did not want to be tagged as `` socialist '' for nationalizing banks , however temporarily , even though experts such as former US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker had recommended just that .
Markets had factored into share prices the belief that the US government would not allow any more banks to collapse .
These pirate terrorists are not particularly powerful . Estimates put their number at around 1,200 .
But they are growing increasingly brazen , all the more so when not confronted .
Under their protection , not a single ship has come under attack , ensuring the uninterrupted flow of assistance .
Without naval escorts , food aid will not get to Somalia .
I am optimistic that some nation will come to the rescue -- but we must not risk this happening too late , or not at all .
After all , China is not alone : India and other competitive developing countries pose a similar challenge to the US .
But the `` war on terror '' did not warrant the decision to attack a sovereign state and topple its government on the flawed presumption that it housed weapons of mass destruction and was linked to the 2001 attacks .
But the ESDP , once fully developed , will not necessarily follow America 's lead unconditionally , especially if American policy continues to deviate from the norm of international law , as in Iraq .
Of course , ESDP security missions , even those in accordance with Security Council resolutions , may not operate within the UN system -- the EU prefers its own independent leadership .
The ESDP does not necessarily require Security Council authorization as a condition for its missions , and it retains an independent role in executing them .
Indeed , China wants a strong and independent Europe , and from that vantage point it is not too early for China to envisage a truly multi-polar global system .
To be sure , that is not what many see .
They have shown that the major capital inflows were not from emerging markets , but from Europe , where there was no net balance-of-payments surplus .
This represents a huge regulatory `` black hole '' at the center of the global financial system , hitherto not closely monitored for monetary and financial stability purposes .
The Basel III agreement on capital adequacy and other recent reforms still have not ring-fenced trade financing from these potential shocks .
Nepal 's earlier experiments with democratic governance were not very successful ; democratically elected governments -LRB- in the late 1950 's and the 1990 's -RRB- were unceremoniously replaced by prolonged autocratic rule .
Every Nepali has a role to play to ensure that the country 's dark political history does not repeat itself , and thus to help move the country in the right direction .
But this does not explain why they attacked Khodorkovsky rather than some other businessman with a shady past .
He was beginning to support the idea of Russia becoming a parliamentary , not a presidential , republic and was gaining influence ahead of this year 's Duma elections .
He is not interested in reinforcing the power of his Kremlin aides .
This `` anti-oligarch '' war has not damaged Putin 's popular standing because most Russians perceive the oligarchs as alien and corrupt .
They object to vast differences in wealth and think large accumulations of it must be the product of theft , not work and risk .
So the summer attack on the Russian oligarchs may turn out to be a litmus test that reveals not only Putin 's ability to control the oligarchs , but also the retrograde interests of his closest aides .
Despite its lack of drama , intrigue , and competitiveness , the election was important not because Russia 's political class renounced all the key elements of authentic democratic electoral procedures , but because it closed the chapter on Russia 's liberal democratic experiment , legitimizing Putin 's new Russian political system .
This view is already conventional wisdom , not only in America , but in Europe as well .
But this is unpersuasive : the siloviki have not coalesced into a coherent group and consolidated their authority - at least so far .
Paradoxically , because Putin 's `` strong '' leadership incorporates liberals and even democrats so as to preserve a pro-Western façade , a truly liberal opposition can not emerge .
He 's not yet a hostage of the bureaucracy , but he regularly loses major battles .
So what will happen when Russia 's political class and the President himself discover that `` bureaucratic authoritarianism '' is not the recipe for modernization à la South Korea that they hoped for ?
Many Palestinians view violence as a useful tool in the struggle for independence and do not want to destroy the capability to resort to arms in the future if Israel reneges on its roadmap commitment to end the occupation .
But Israelis do not accept this political logic .
They do not want to deal with the Palestinians , and so are erecting a physical barrier through areas that are now nominally under Palestinian control .
Yet the wall and the second phase of the roadmap , which calls for a Palestinian state with provisional borders , can not co-exist .
If not , no wall will be able to contain Palestinian rage .
Yet , until recently , one could insure one 's home against fire or other damage , but not against a loss in market value .
Home equity insurance will clearly not solve all the problems of individual risk , but it will solve a very big one .
The worry is that information technology is now on the bend of a `` hockey stick '' curve , where it will suddenly take off at much greater speed than before . The resulting changes will not all be welcome in economic terms .
Fears about computers eliminating jobs are , of course , not new .
The economic problems that Wiener worried about have not materialized so far .
Powerful new computers will make the human race as a whole better off . The problem is that real people are not just `` average , '' so the real question concerns how the benefits derived from computers are distributed .
They will not be seriously changed by retraining and reeducation programs , which will not give most people the skills they need to remain more efficient than the new machines .
Instead , these risks must be dealt with by fundamental changes - changes that will not make individuals more productive than machines , but will allow society to manage risks better and to redistribute them .
As long as people remain under a relative `` veil of ignorance , '' in the sense that they do not yet know how they will personally be affected , they may find it easier to agree that progressive taxes should be used to subsidize low-wage earners .
The problem is that basic scientific research is mostly a public good that can not be withheld from those who use it and which seeps into the body of scientific know-how in unanticipated ways .
Those who dispense money , he argued , should look only at new research ideas , not at the organizational charts of research institutions .
The size of the market for peer review is not the only issue .
The market may know , not just from the experience of 2001-2 , that interest rate movements do not have predictable effects on stock prices .
But homebuyers are not as savvy , so they may not see the change coming or they may fail to plan for it .
As psychologists have shown , people are susceptible to `` wishful thinking bias , '' wishing away possible future problems that they would rather not think about .
Low interest rates did not cause the bubbles .
But declines in home prices will not occur quickly when central banks begin to raise interest rates .
Dominated by amateur investors , home markets do not turn on a dime .
In most high-priced places , a real decline may not come for some time .
Thus , while most respondents said they were not worried , nearly half expressed some worry .
Despite bravado about American superiority , the students themselves do not seem to feel superior , and wonder if they will be living emerging-country lives of their own in coming years .
We must not let this happen .
But what matters for oil prices now and in the foreseeable future is the perception of the story , not the ambiguities behind it .
All of this may seem obvious , but we tend not to think of oil prices as being determined by expectations of future prices .
The traditional hostility between labor unions and the world of finance should not obscure their common interest in using financial tools in an expansive and creative way .
The problem is , most employees do not fully understand options or stocks and do not know how to evaluate them .
To be sure , sharing ownership can help employee morale . But it also creates an unhealthy concentration of risks : not only the employee 's job , but also his assets now depend on the company 's fate .
But it is not clear that these plans will succeed fully .
This means that unions should not leave the complex financial problems of designing pensions entirely to governments .
Local unions need to be involved , for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers , and can not be resolved by governments alone .
In today 's complex financial economies , representing workers ' interests is not so simple as battling with management for a bigger share of the pie .
If low long-term rates do not hold , long-term bond prices will drop sharply , leaving investors with a loss .
They did not comprehend the upward trend in prices before 1980 , so bond yields , lagging behind rising inflation , were too low .
So with inflation rates near their long-term lower bound , the expectation should be for higher , not lower , inflation rates over the longer term .
The current situation in the bond markets does not reflect this because of public overreaction to the talk of deflation , with Japan used as a scarecrow .
But this does not guarantee that future drops will have a similar outcome .
Most homeowners are not gambling for pleasure .
For example , the derivative markets should create an environment that encourages insurers to develop home equity insurance , which insures homeowners not just against a bust but also against drops in the market value of the home .
Insurance companies have not penetrated many of the regions that suffered the greatest losses .
In the US , most people still do not have flood or earthquake insurance .
A fundamental problem is that insurance is not a concept that comes naturally to most people .
Moreover , designing new risk-management products is not easy .
If not made mandatory , insurance must at least be promoted effectively .
Otherwise , people will build on flood plains in the belief that their government , or the governments of the world , will feel obligated to bail them out , thereby insuring , in effect , bad risks that should not be taken .
The problem is not individual error .
The ultimate reason for their lack of preparation is that our insurance industry was not covering their tsunami risks , and hence not offering up-to-date disaster-prevention guidance .
What good is a longer life if we can not maintain our standard of living ?
The fundamental difficulty in planning for enhanced longevity is that we do not know whether it will really happen .
But pension funds can not do this , because they risk running out of money if , on average , people turn out to live longer than expected .
As a result , private companies do not offer life annuities at attractive rates , because they can not be reasonably sure that they can fulfill their promises unless they are significantly overcapitalized .
BNP Paribas hoped to place the bonds with UK pension funds , but so far the issue has not been fully subscribed .
Moreover , it is not clear that the EIB can get further help from reinsurers in managing the risks it assumes by issuing such bonds because reinsurers do not yet see how they can fully hedge the risks involved .
But , in fact , we are not all affected by longevity risk in the same way .
It is natural to suppose that it could not .
In fact , statistics on past stock market performance mislead because of what statisticians call `` selection bias , '' which occurs when the sample from which a statistic is derived is not representative of all the data .
A study by Philippe Jorion and William Goetzmann found 39 countries with reliable stock price data -- though not dividend data -- for a good part of the twentieth century .
The particular problems that prevented us from observing the returns on these stock markets will never be repeated , but it is wrong to assume that problems of that scale will not recur .
The twenty-first century will be different in ways that we can not fathom today .
Of course , investing in stocks is not a bad thing .
But we should not make plans that rely on high returns , as many -LRB- including some governments -RRB- appear to be doing .
It is important to recognize that the world 's poorest people are not the same people from year to year .
Without risk management , poor people will not experiment with new crops or more productive methods , because any mistake could be disastrous .
The moral hazard implicit in crop insurance can be addressed by making payouts depend not on the actual crop failure but on the bad weather that caused it .
Since the farmer can not influence the weather , there is no moral hazard .
In the past , weather insurance could not manage a farmer 's risk effectively because we could not measure well enough the effects of weather on crops .
The faster , the better , so that the billion or so people there who have not yet reached prosperity by world standards can get there within their lifetimes .
But when the ultimate determinants of values today become so dependent on a distant future that we can not see clearly , we may not be able to think clearly , either .
For this reason , it is all the more important that the leaders not remain silent when a climate of speculation develops .
National leaders must speak out , and they must match their words with concrete actions , to help signal to the public that the speculative bubble can not be expected to continue .
It may sound plausible , but it is hardly conclusive , and , more importantly , it certainly does not tell us that high prices are sustainable .
It is , of course , true that real long-term interest rates have declined quite markedly -- not suddenly and not only recently , but at a fairly steady pace for more than twenty years .
It is not that there is `` too much '' saving around the world today , but that the amount of saving has been high enough that returns , as measured by real interest rates , are a lot lower than they once were .
But , while the worldwide recession of 1981-2 brought inflation down rapidly , nominal long-term interest rates did not fall immediately , for the world 's markets were still not convinced .
But this history means that the true real long-term interest rate was not as high in the 1980 's as our measures show , because long-term inflation expectations must have been much higher than the one-year inflation rate was at the time .
The inflation-indexed bond markets were not well developed in the 1980 's .
Even if we were to accept that real rates were genuinely very high in the mid-1980 's , then the logical conclusion would be that the stock and housing markets should have been even lower in the 1980 's , not that real prices should be very high in 2005 .
In fact , if one takes a longer view of real interest rates in the US , calculated by subtracting the previous year 's inflation from the nominal government bond yield , one finds that , while they are much lower than 20 years ago , they are not low by historical standards .
Purchases of second homes for pleasure were confined to the rich , and thus did not seem quite so much of a conversation topic for the rank-and-file business people that I meet at such conferences .
This does not include buyers who purchased homes as investment properties , mostly to rent out .
Some of the US counties with a high proportion of vacation homes are seeing price increases that rival , if not outstrip , the booming metropolitan areas .
In one of these captivatingly charming places , of course , and not as tourists in hotel rooms .
Yet , in the face of overwhelming evidence of the importance of inflation or deflation risk , most people -- even in countries that have been warned -- generally still have not taken steps to protect themselves .
Indexed units of account are not a new idea ; Chile 's government led the way in 1967 by creating the Unidad de Fomento -LRB- UF -RRB- , and other Latin American countries have followed suit .
But that does not mean that Bernanke is prepared to ensure that healthy economic growth continues in the US in the coming years and provide the kind of leadership that the world needs .
Unfortunately , that may not be enough .
But it can not push the string up : if economic growth stalls , as when confidence is seriously damaged , lowering interest rates may not be enough to stimulate demand .
But Bernanke 's impressive research on the Great Depression does not mean that he can prevent the next recession or depression , for stopping deflation hardly solves all problems .
After all , the US went off the gold standard in 1933 , and the Fed cut the discount rate to 1.5 % in 1934 , ending deflation -LRB- except for minor episodes -RRB- ; but the unemployment rate did not fall consistently below 15 % until 1941 and the onset of World War II .
Bernanke will therefore have to be careful about over-generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over-diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over-prepare to fight the last war .
Of course , this does not mean that we should ignore the past altogether .
In contrast to the Great Depression , collapsing national output was in recent decades accompanied by accelerating inflation , not deflation .
The Calvo study thus concludes that Bernanke 's debt deflation theory of the Great Depression does not generally apply to the more recent crises .
To be sure , we still sympathize with people who , upon reaching middle age or later , find themselves replaced by lower-paid workers in another part of the world , if not by a computer or a robot .
Despite all the intellectual applause , however , wage insurance programs are still not a significant force in the world economy .
But governments , fearing the expense of wage insurance if a lot of people exploit it , have not been willing to implement it on a large scale .
Moreover , this income stream would continue for as long as the index stays down , not just for a couple of years -LRB- or any other arbitrary period -RRB- .
But this would not apply to livelihood insurance , because its benefits are tied to the rise and fall of income indices , which are beyond the control of individuals .
This is not to say that wage insurance is a bad idea , or that it should not be implemented on a wider scale .
It was also a time when many Mexicans were abandoning their economy and leaving to work in the US . The situation would have been even worse had this safety valve not been in place
Worse , no one can be sure that such setbacks will not occur again .
Mexicans generally do not want to go to college abroad because they would miss opportunities to form the necessary bonds with other Mexicans .
That uncertainty will be a major factor in how Mexico 's economy does or does not develop .
China 's gross saving rate -LRB- the percentage of GDP that is not consumed immediately -RRB- , which includes both public and private saving , is around 50 % .
Unfortunately , explaining saving rates is not an exact science .
When incomes are growing rapidly , as they are in China , it is easier to save because people are not yet accustomed to a higher standard of living and do not mind terribly much maintaining a lower one for a while longer .
But income growth and demographics do not explain everything .
In the US , one 's income is a dark secret that one might not reveal even to one 's own spouse .
Today 's children will not view their own life stories from the perspective of the difficulties China has experienced .
But the boom generated by such beliefs can not go on forever , because prices ca n't go up forever , and there are already signs of a hard landing .
The downward price trend in the US market , for example , does not seem to reflect underlying changes in long-run economic confidence .
Changes in people 's fundamental ways of thinking are not easily reversed .
Those that did appear generally seem to be based on the assumption that minor fluctuations in construction costs , not massive market swings , drove the modest home price movements that they noted .
Though a small group of collectors invests speculatively in antique or specialty cars , the idea of speculating in automobiles just is not in the public consciousness .
Indeed , while changes in fundamental perceptions may not occur easily or fast , they should never be ruled out .
The latest figures are for 2004 , and , because of data lags , not all countries are included .
Many people who could not afford a car in 2000 now have one , and people who could afford only one car in 2000 now have two .
People who could not afford to send their children to a good school or college now can .
The reason China has not risen higher is that other countries have been growing too , and because the gaps between countries are enormous .
And yet they do not often overtake one another , because the distances between them are so large .
Merton did not say that the cosmopolitan influentials were influential outside Rovere -- apparently none of them was .
In the twenty-first century , the new information age creates opportunities not just to be cosmopolitan in spirit and orientation , but to forge strong connections with other cosmopolitans .
But McLuhan could not have anticipated the cosmopolitan class , because he could not have anticipated the immense development of direct interpersonal communications media that allow cosmopolitans around the world to form friendships .
That perception may be largely true , but not entirely so .
Paradoxically , then , while Yunus was pursuing profit , he was apparently not doing it for the money .
Indeed , the history of financial institutions for low-income people is largely a history of philanthropic or idealistic movements , not just activities focused entirely on the bottom line .
According to Tufano , the fundamental problem in encouraging low-income people to save is that they need the money not just to manage their lives years in the future , when they retire , but also to deal with short-term crises .
But , while such bonds have succeeded in raising savings rates in the countries that have created them , they have not had advocates in the United States .
If they do not , unrest will become more likely .
Nevertheless , one wonders why the evidence that inequality causes social unrest is not stronger .
One part of the problem may be that it is not always inequality per se that causes social discord , but also how inequality is perceived to have come .
Unrest may reflect more a sense of betrayal -- that others are not living up to their implied promises or are not behaving honorably .
Lawyers write a lot of contracts , and courts spend a lot of time enforcing them , but these institutions can not cover everything .
When these function well , we have a general sense that , even though people are not always trustworthy , basic fairness prevails .
But the employers also quickly learned that the best kind of employment contract is one that offers employee not just a fixed contract , but also the possibility of a bonus , a sort of gift for good performance that is outside of any contract provisions .
Thus , a sort of free gift exchange between employer and employee emerged from these experiments , not any rigid or formulaic employment contract .
To be sure , Sarkozy is right to note the enormous risks that workers and their communities face in this rapidly globalizing world . But putting this problem center stage should not mean protecting existing jobs come what may .
To do this profitably , they can not afford to let patriotism or sentiment interfere .
Under capitalism , one is immoral if one reneges on a contract or breaks the law , but not if one speculates .
Deniers of the problem -- such as economist Jagdish Baghwati -- can not prove that the worst will not happen .
We ought to prepare for the possibility of massive turmoil in our economies in coming years , even if we can not prove that it will happen , just as we should take steps against global warming , even if some scientists doubt that it is a problem .
He wants the government to subsidize `` personally-delivered service '' jobs , which can not be delivered over the Internet , to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of `` impersonally-delivered services . ''
Moreover , government can make our social insurance -LRB- a government institution that complements private insurance -RRB- more incentive-compatible and better at managing risks -- and not just the risks of the extreme losers -- by , say , launching inequality-indexation of the tax system .
The Myth of `` Superstar Cities '' In a much-talked-about recent paper entitled `` Superstar Cities , '' economists Joseph Gyourko , Christopher Mayer , and Todd Sinai argue that such high-status cities -- not only London , Paris , and New York , but also cities like Philadelphia and San Diego -- may show an `` ever-widening gap in housing values '' when compared with other cities .
If expectations of rapid and steady future price increases are important motivating factors , then the price level is inherently unstable , because prices can not rise forever .
Even so , the 2003 survey indicates that US homebuyers are not as confident of real estate prices now as before the 1980 's bubble burst .
This may mean that buyers will not allow prices to rise like last time , but it could also mean that owners will be more ready to exit from the market .
The consequences could be severe , and not only in the US , where 21 % of mortgages last year were for more than 90 % of a home 's purchase price , up from 7 % at the peak of the boom in the late 1980s .
With the price\/earnings ratio remaining stable and moderate , the stock-market boom does not appear to reflect merely investor psychology .
On the contrary , the real question is why the increase in stock prices has not outpaced growth in corporate earnings .
But , once again , the data do not bear this out .
The use of the term has grown in parallel with rising , not falling , interest rates .
But this is really a theory about risk management for certain kinds of products , not `` liquidity '' per se .
The reasons for that crash are complex , but , as I discovered in my questionnaire survey a week later , it would appear that people ultimately did not trust the market 's level .
So its popular use seems not to reflect anything we can put our finger on , but instead a general feeling that markets are bubbly and a lack of confidence in their levels .
Stock markets ' unusually negative skew is not inconsistent with booming price growth in recent years .
Mortgage lenders seem to have believed that home buyers would not default , because rising prices would make keeping up with their payments very attractive .
Bank runs occur when people , worried that their deposits will not be honored , hastily withdraw their money , thereby creating the very bankruptcy that they feared .
But loose monetary policy is not the whole story .
Alan Greenspan , the former Fed chairman , recently said that he now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy , but that , at the same time , the world 's monetary authorities can not control bubbles .
He is mostly right : the best thing that monetary authorities could have done , given their other priorities and concerns , is to lean against the real estate bubble , not stop it from inflating .
Mostly we are not even reminded of them .
So our confidence is not shaken , yet .
Images of 1929 -- of financiers leaping from buildings , unemployed men sleeping on park benches , long lines at soup kitchens , and impoverished boys selling apples on the street -- are not on our minds now .
The 1929 crash just does not seem relevant to most people today , probably because we survived the 1987 and 2000 crashes with few ill effects , while 1929 seems not only the distant past , but another world .
The entire sub-prime market is largely a decade-old innovation -- the word `` sub-prime '' did not exist in any language before 1994 -- built on such things as option adjustable-rate mortgages -LRB- option-ARM 's -RRB- , new kinds of collateralized debt obligations , and structured investment vehicles .
Previously , private investors in the US simply did not lend to mortgage seekers whose credit history was below prime .
The consensus is that they do not .
The effect on underlying financial markets ' volatility may not even be the right question to consider in deciding whether to permit new derivative products .
So , we should not slow down financial innovation in general .
Let 's not discount that statement .
The Neuer Markt no longer exists ; the others are weak , if not moribund .
But setbacks in the process of improving risk-taking are to be expected ; it is important not to overreact to mistakes .
Surely , the inadequacy of financial institutions is not what really retards the growth of these countries .
Sinn argues that German sluggishness is largely the result of government-induced bad incentives -- a problem that goes far beyond Germany 's notoriously rigid labor market -- and that , so far , Schröder 's reforms do not go far enough to eliminate them .
In effect , Germany is telling its unskilled not to bother working .
But these surveys , which tabulate quick answers to simple questions , do not tell us how deeply held these opinions are , how new circumstances might change confidence , or what people will really do when they make important decisions in coming months or years .
People are also aware that the stock market has not been this volatile since the Great Depression -LRB- with the single exception of October 1987 -RRB- .
Animal spirits are not always shattered by extraordinary economic events .
But then , not all economic convulsions are alike .
After the crash corrected that problem , many people apparently did not feel there was much more to worry about .
But recent events do not carry such a rosy interpretation .
The stunning magnitude of recent declines can not be dismissed as a one-day anomaly caused by a technical trading glitch .
These are the market 's forecasts -- and it is not a very liquid market .
But the credit cycle was not the ultimate cause of the 1870 's depression or the crisis we are seeing today .
They do not have a corresponding name for the behavior of the housing market , because , historically , its prices -LRB- correcting for inflation -RRB- have not generally gone up very much on average , until the post-2000 bubble .
Tantalizingly , they say that doing this would create `` a market-based view of future output and the likelihood of severe shocks , '' although they do not explain how this market would be structured .
The IMF authors are not saying that governments should do this with recession insurance , so perhaps they mean that governments would auction off the policies , which would create a market price .
The price of the insurance would have to be adjusted regularly to adjust for varying public knowledge of the likelihood of a recession , and people could not be allowed to cancel their policies , and stop making payments , whenever the economic outlook became rosier .
As a result , people may balk at the price and not want to buy the insurance .
The only insurance that people might think they can afford could carry a large deductible , and if the deductible is very large , people might not feel so reassured by this insurance .
We should not look askance at such a policy because of its potential shortfalls .
The current global economic crisis is an opportunity for some new experimentation that might not only lead to its resolution , but might also set in place institutions that help to prevent future crises .
But we do not really have a land shortage .
Of course , such land may not be in desirable locations today , but desirable locations can be created by urban planning .
Many people seem to think that the US experience is not generalizable , because the US has so much land relative to its population .
Farmers will not be able to make a profit operating in some country where land is very expensive , and farmers would give up in those countries unless the price of land fell roughly to world levels , though corrections would have to be made for differing labor costs and other factors .
Shortages of construction materials do not seem to be a reason to expect high home prices , either .
Home prices can not have shown such increases over long time periods , for then no one could afford a home .
These misunderstandings have not been corrected , which means that the same kinds of speculative dislocations could recur .
They are not influenced by anything but the facts , and probabilities are taken as facts .
But abundant psychological evidence has now shown that people do not satisfy Savage 's axioms of rationality .
The work of Duke neuroscientists Scott Huettel and Michael Platt has shown , through functional magnetic resonance imaging experiments , that `` decision making under ambiguity does not represent a special , more complex case of risky decision making ; instead , these two forms of uncertainty are supported by distinct mechanisms . ''
It can be applied with care in areas where the consequences of violating Savage 's axiom are not too severe .
The worst economic crisis of the twentieth century was explained -- and a way to correct it suggested -- with a theory that does not rely on bubbles .
The fact that monetary-policy mistakes were an important cause of the Great Depression does not mean that we completely understand that crisis , or that other crises -LRB- including the current one -RRB- fit that mold .
It used to be commonly thought that a home 's value consists primarily in the structure , not in the land on which it sits .
If so , the volatility in home prices after 2000 was the result of faulty thinking , not of the natural effects of global economic growth , which has occurred at a relatively smooth rate for decades now .
In recent years , however , patent law widened enormously with the acceptance , in the United States , Australia , Japan , and Korea , of business-method patents -- that is , patents not on a technological process but on a way of doing business .
Indeed , countries that do not allow business-method patents -- even though some of their citizens apply for patents in the US -- run the risk that their businesses will lose some of their creative edge .
People will probably not buy and sell them unless the markets for them are liquid , which means that a lot of traders must be there at the same time .
Financial innovators might not incur these costs if they expect that others will copy their ideas at little or no cost to themselves as soon as they are shown to work .
It should be a top priority for policymakers to ensure that patent offices have the financial and human resources needed to grant business-method patents judiciously , and that they do not award patents to obvious or merely incremental ideas .
The standardized disclosure label should not , however , include past returns on investments .
This requirement is analogous to that of nutrition labeling , which does not allow listing of nutritional quantities that are not significant in the usual serving size .
The only reason that such labeling has not yet been required is the same reason that nutritional labels were not required long ago on foods .
Macro-prudential regulators -LRB- government officials who focus not on the soundness of individual financial institutions , but rather on the stability of the whole financial system -RRB- are sorely needed , and central bankers are the logical people to fill this role .
But agreement about the regulatory role of central banks is not widely spread .
In the United States , for example , there is recognition of the importance of macro-prudential regulation , but not of giving this authority to the Federal Reserve .
In 2003 , Bush chose as his Treasury secretary John W. Snow , a railroad president who , as Barron 's columnist Alan Abelson put it , `` may not be the sharpest knife in the cabinet . '' Snow obliged the president and gave unquestioning support to his policies until leaving office in 2006 , just before the crisis erupted .
A news story in 2003 reported , for example , that Australian Secretary to the Treasury Ken Henry had warned of a `` housing bubble '' there , but then quickly tried to withdraw his comment , saying that it was `` not for quotation outside of this room . '' He did earlier this year finally propose new tax policy to slow the still-continuing Australian housing bubble , but now he ca n't get his government to implement it .
In fact , while the world 's central banks did not see the current crisis coming and did not take steps before 2007 to relieve the pressures that led to it , they did react decisively and energetically as the crisis unfolded , with coordinated international action .
Although our central bankers are not perfect judges of financial stability , they are still the people who are in the best political and institutional position to ensure it .
Economic theory is not sufficiently developed to predict major turning points based on first principles or mathematical models .
But they do not stand as convincing evidence about what will happen -- after all , two observations are hardly enough to prove the point .
So , there are many more than just two modern cases -LRB- though they are not all entirely independent , because they are somewhat bunched in time -RRB- .
But it is still not so sharp a theory that we can really rely on it for making confident forecasts .
I hate to say so , not wanting to commit the sin defined by their `` syndrome , '' but this time might be different because all of the modern examples of past crises came during a time when many economists worldwide were extolling the virtues of the `` rational expectations '' model of the economy .
According to `` rational expectations , '' bubbles simply did not exist -- which meant that actual bubbles were allowed to grow .
But any such hopes that the aftermath of the current crisis will turn out better are still in the category of thoughts , theories , and dreams , not science .
It is not true that if you break a mirror , you will have seven years ' bad luck .
But such forecasts of `` implied inflation '' can be wild , if not absurd .
The low level of real interest rates does not appear to be due to the 2007-2009 financial crisis .
The rise in equity prices has not come with a contagious `` new era '' story , but rather a `` sigh of relief '' story .
But another housing bubble is not imminent in countries where one just burst .
Conservative government policies will probably reduce subsidies to housing , and the current mood in these markets does not seem conducive to a bubble .
But my favorite dark-horse bubble candidate for the next decade or so is farmland -- and not just because there have been stories in recent months of booming farmland prices in the US and the United Kingdom .
But , from 1911 to 2010 in the US , the correlation between annual real growth of prices for homes and farmland was only 5 % , and the latest data on farm prices have not shown anything like the decline in home prices .
And , for daring investors , it is not enough to find a bubble to pile into . They must also try to determine when to cash out and put their money elsewhere .
Considering the huge risks that are not managed well , finance , even in the twenty-first century , is actually still rather primitive .
Worse yet , even this triple disaster often did not fit the definition of the seismic event defined by the bond indentures .
In 2010 , when GDP was still only ¥ 479 trillion , the same trills would pay a dividend of ¥ 479 , not much larger than the initial yield and no doubt disappointing many investors .
If economists did not habitually annualize quarterly GDP data and multiply quarterly GDP by four , Greece 's debt-to-GDP ratio would be four times higher than it is now .
But the ratio is not the cause of the feedback .
NEW HAVEN -- It might not seem that Europe 's sovereign-debt crisis and growing concern about the United States ' debt position should shake basic economic confidence .
The drop in the Gallup Economic Confidence Index was sharper in July 2011 than it was in 2008 , although the index has not yet fallen to a lower level than it reached then .
That question is usually not singled out for attention , but it appears spot-on for what we really want to know : what deep anxieties and fears do people have that might inhibit their willingness to spend for a long time .
That said , the economic outlook can never be fully analyzed with conventional statistical models , for it may hinge on something that such models do not include : our finding some way to replace one narrative -- currently a tale of out-of-control debt -- with a more inspiring story .
But attention-getting emotions -LRB- such as anger -RRB- are not the only factors that drive investment decisions .
But , of the more than 600 CEOs who signed by the deadline , not a single one admitted major error .
But the fact that earnings beat estimates by a penny a share every quarter is itself only a sign of quarter-to-quarter manipulations of earnings , not of their wholesale fabrication .
This amount , akin to a modest management fee , is simply not a dominating consideration for investors .
If anything , they are evidence not of widespread corruption , but of the vigilance of US regulatory authorities -- which is precisely why the cases now in the news are the exception rather than the rule .
Being removed from the US , they should be highly sensitive to any whiff of information that their money may not be safe there .
In short , most investors -- while not always the most rational species -- do know a good thing when they see it .
The market may not value US stocks perfectly , but it is not irrational to believe that the corporate scandals are not a major factor .
Most people do not feel the same impulse to go out and buy insurance , or diversify their investments , as they do to buy a sofa or new clothes .
Of course , people are not really unaware of life 's big risks . We simply ignore them for reasons that are rooted in human psychology .
But more remote risks simply do not stimulate our emotions , so we often postpone taking action indefinitely .
To fully comprehend risk , we must stretch our imagination to think of all the different ways that things can go wrong , including things that have not happened in recent memory .
We must protect ourselves against fallacies , such as thinking that just because a risk has not proved damaging for decades , it no longer exists .
We often do not protect the things that we have - such as our opportunities to earn income and accumulate wealth - because we mistakenly believe that our own natural superiority will do that for us .
So new risk management institutions need to be devised . They should use markets , rather than state guarantees , and while they should not be mandatory , they must be designed in accordance with humans ' psychological limitations , so that people will use them .
As a result , the summit will most likely produce sincere pledges to work together to stimulate the global recovery and adjust the two sides ' economic imbalances -- but not much more .
Why not reach out to North Korea the way you are toward Iran and Burma , Hu may ask Obama ?
But that view fails to comprehend that a weakened , corrupt , and abusive Central Asia is not in America 's interest , or in Afghanistan 's for that matter .
Bases that exist at the whim of mercurial regimes can not be a foundation for America 's security .
We at the Research Foundation for Science , Technology , and Ecology used the law to stop Monsanto 's commercialization of Bt cotton in 1999 , which is why approval was not granted for commercial sales until 2002 .
Much older than the Soviet regime , this tradition emphasizes a spirit of sacrifice -- not just for loved ones , but also for great causes such as revolution , state , science , or art -- that is deeply hostile to accumulation of money and material goods as the goal of life .
After `` perestroika '' and the 1991 collapse of the USSR , these women did not change their lives and attitudes .
They did not curse what they had glorified in the past and embrace what they had once condemned .
They did not participate in `` privatization '' of state property or enter show business to make money .
Such pursuits have simply become passé -- something that has never happened in modern Russian history , not even in the darkest days of Stalin 's purges .
But Tereshkova 's dream about travel to Mars is not just suicidal nostalgia for a time when she was young and surrounded by people who were ready to sacrifice their lives for a greater cause .
In fact , the allusion to space exploration has another dimension : the achievements of any great are not bound to one 's time or place of origin and can be transmitted to other cultures and generations .
Tereshkova 's dream is a symbol not only of her desperation , which is the desperation of the creative mind in today 's Russia , but also of continuing belief in the great potential of the human spirit .
There were also years of `` Russia in China '' and `` China in Russia '' cultural exchanges , meant to underscore that the two countries were tied together not just by geopolitical pragmatism , but by genuine cultural\/historical ties as well .
It may not yet be ready to embark on a full-fledged policy of `` containment , '' but in the wake of the dismemberment of Georgia -- and with Russia claiming a zone of `` privileged influence '' throughout the former Soviet world -- China clearly views Russia as an emerging strategic threat .
The reasons are not hard to find .
No power , not even the United Nations , should be allowed to change them without the consent of the country concerned .
Moreover , Russia 's efforts to gain monopoly control of the gas pipeline networks across Eurasia pose a direct danger for China , because monopolists can not only gouge their consumers , but also shut off supplies for political purposes , as Russia has done repeatedly over the past two decades .
So China 's national security interest is to ensure that the gas-supplying nations of Central Asia have outlets to sell their gas that are not under Kremlin control .
But it hardly wishes to colonize the frozen wastes of Siberia . In fact , Siberia is not much different from China 's own almost empty mountain\/desert borderlands , where even agriculture is a daunting task .
Thus , the settling of the border dispute with Russia was not aimed so much at building a geopolitical marriage as securing each other 's rear , offering both sides a free hand to explore opportunities elsewhere .
There seem to be few , if any , fighters in Chechnya who recognize him as commander ; his recent attempt to send an emissary to create a fighting unit directly under his command was not successful .
The Kremlin supposedly would not have opposed the deal .
But , although Zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the Chechen resistance , an amnesty for him needed the Kremlin 's approval , and he does not seem to have received it , which is probably why he refused Kadyrov 's offer .
It is clear that he has not brought down the unemployment rate and has no intention of ending corruption .
So he encouraged an Islamic dress code and built a huge mosque -- one of the biggest , if not the biggest , in Europe .
Even those who dislike him sometimes conclude that he is the best all the possible options , and he has improved his position by persistently weeding out Chechen military forces that are not directly under his command .
Under the circumstances , South Africa and the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- urgently need to reappraise their approach not only to Mugabe , but to how they will deal with any uncontested election .
None of these principles have been respected in Zimbabwe , and regional leaders have not cited their violation as reason to censure Mugabe 's government .
Should President Thabo Mbeki step down as mediator in the Zimbabwe crisis , not because he has failed , but to remove from South Africa the constraints that being a mediator put in place ?
The SADC should not endorse the regime 's claim of victory in an uncontested election .
Indeed , reasonable estimates put the number of school-age children who are not attending school at 113 million , with 97 % living in developing countries .
According to the UN 's Human Development Report , one in five children in the world 's poorest countries does not go to school , including a staggering 40 % of school-age kids in sub-Saharan Africa .
In addition , the Human Development Report notes that 24 countries around the world are making insufficient or no progress -- if not actually backsliding -- in achieving the Millennium Development Goal of universal primary education .
Let them assume the leadership that we all see is possible , inspired anew by the opening words of Maria Stewart 's historic speech : `` Oh , do not say you can not make anything of your children ; but say , with the help and assistance of God , we will try . ''
While we in Poland do not perceive an immediate military threat from Russia , most of the world 's active tactical or sub-strategic nuclear weapons today seem to be deployed just east of Poland 's borders , in speculative preparation for conflict in Europe .
Above all , we understand that sustained reform requires assuming responsibility by mobilizing the energy of one 's own people , not relying on well-intentioned but often ill-focused outside help .
Success does not come easy .
How best to respond if some states can not or will not take the necessary steps to thwart terrorist planning on their territory ?
Yet the terrorist blows inflicted on New York , London , and Madrid over the past decade have not shaken Western democracies .
That said , we are not doomed to succeed .
Of course , the democratic world can not build a bomb-proof house .
The British economist John Maynard Keynes worried that countries would not use sterling to settle trading balances with each other if the pound were not viewed as a reliable store of value .
The dollar could not challenge sterling 's role as the world 's currency without matching its reputation .
But the commitment of these independent political entities to the euro can not match the history of America 's commitment to the dollar .
It can not hitch a ride on gold , the way America did a century ago .
In short , the euro has clearly made some headway during this period of US balance of payment deficits , but this reflects an evolutionary decline in the dollar 's dominance , not a revolutionary regime shift .
Such perceptions , however , are not only tragically one-sided ; they are short-sighted and dangerous .
Unfortunately , at least with respect to Somaliland , this is not the case .
That taboo still claims routine support from many African leaders . And yet Eritrea 's secession from Ethiopia did not lead to other breakaway movements in Africa .
Likewise , South Sudan 's peaceful , and internationally supported , separation from Sudan has not led to new calls for Africa 's borders to be redrawn .
· Secession should not result from foreign intervention , and the barriers for recognizing secession must be high ;
Often , however , the EU can not respond or can do so only slowly , because its structure obstructs quick decisions and fast action .
Democracy in the EU can not be guaranteed by the models and rules that apply in the member states .
And , as the Irish referendum showed , they do not readily accept unifying initiatives that would make the EU an autonomous center of power .
True , many ordinary Europeans do not think that Europe should play an important part in global developments . They believe that foreign policy should be handled by their national governments .
Indeed , on crucial issues , it is the 27 members , not the Union , that will decide .
The treaty is less detailed in other areas , particularly in achieving an economic union equivalent to the currency union , because it was simply not possible to reach agreement .
The resolution would not have the force of law , but its approval would mark the first time that a national legislature has recognized the special status of great apes and the need to protect them , not only from extinction , but also from individual abuse .
Some opponents argue that , in extending rights beyond our own species , it goes too far , while others claim that , in limiting rights to the great apes , it does not go far enough .
If we were to meet intelligent , sympathetic extraterrestrials , would we deny them basic rights because they are not members of our own species ?
The Great Ape Project does not reject the idea of basic rights for other animals .
Chimpanzees , bonobos , and gorillas have long-term relationships , not only between mothers and children , but also between unrelated apes .
They display a sense of justice , resenting others who do not reciprocate a favor .
Chimpanzees and bonobos are our closest relatives , and we humans , not gorillas or orangutans , are their closest relatives .
In 2002 , a review by the Dutch Royal Academy of Science found that the chimpanzee colony there was not serving any vital research purposes .
Recognizing the rights of great apes does not mean that they all must be set free , even those born and bred in zoos , who would be unable to survive in the wild .
Nor does it rule out euthanasia if that is in the interest of individual apes whose suffering can not be relieved .
We should not be deterred from doing right now by the fear that we may later be persuaded that we should do right again .
People in the United States , for example , are , on average , richer than New Zealanders , but they are not happier .
Americans are richer than they were in the 1950 's , but they are not happier .
We can not place great confidence in such studies , because this kind of overall `` life satisfaction '' judgment may not reflect how much people really enjoy the way they spend their time .
Of course , there is nothing new in the idea that money does not buy happiness .
Even Adam Smith , who told us that it is not from the butcher 's benevolence that we get our dinner , but from his regard for his self-interest , described the imagined pleasures of wealth as `` a deception '' -LRB- though one that `` rouses and keeps in continual motion the industry of mankind '' -RRB- .
For nomadic societies , there was no point in owning anything that one could not carry , but once humans settled down and developed a system of money , that limit to acquisition disappeared .
Making money gives us something to do that feels worthwhile , as long as we do not reflect too much on why we are doing it .
Yet his frugal lifestyle shows that he does not particularly enjoy spending large amounts of money .
Since he is an agnostic , his gift is not motivated by any belief that it will benefit him in an afterlife .
But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world 's poorest people .
Overwhelmingly , the dead will be those who lack the resources to adapt , to find alternative sources of food , and who do not have access to health care .
If this is true in a country like the US , with a reasonably efficient infrastructure and the resources to help its citizens in times of crisis , it is even more evident when disasters strike developing countries , because their governments lack the resources needed , and because , when it comes to foreign assistance , rich nations still do not count all human lives equally .
If your chances of a long lifespan are not good , you might buy more life insurance , or even retire early to have enough time to do what you always wanted to do .
We need not become too alarmed yet .
Selecting our children raises more profound ethical problems . This is not new .
Selection of children need not involve abortion .
It may not be long before we can identify genes that improve the odds of success in this quest .
In liberal , market driven societies , however , eugenics will not be coercively imposed by the state for the collective good .
Since above-average height correlates with above-average income , and there is a clearly a genetic component to height , it is not fanciful to imagine couples choosing to have taller children .
But avoiding this outcome will not be easy , for it will require that selection for genetic enhancement is either available to no one or accessible to everyone .
The first option would require coercion , and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring .
David 's father , Yohane Banda , suddenly in the media spotlight , said he had not understood that his son no longer belonged to him and might never return to Malawi .
Madonna says that that is not what Banda said earlier , although she does not speak his language .
Resources at the orphanages are limited , and many of the children there do not live to their fifth birthday .
Adopting children from developing countries does not address the causes of poverty .
Forcing medical treatment on a competent adult patient who does not want it is tantamount to assault .
That document states that to refuse a burdensome medical treatment `` is not the equivalent of suicide . '' On the contrary , such a refusal `` should be considered an acceptance of the human condition , or a wish to avoid the application of a medical procedure disproportionate to the results that can be expected , or a desire not to impose excessive expense on the family or the community . ''
If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment , knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death , why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment , but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome , be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden ?
Welby should not have been helped to die , they might argue , because he expressly said that he wanted to die , not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment .
They question its necessity , noting that the disease poses zero risk to humans , and even in animals , 95 % will recover within a week or two -- or would , if they were not shot first .
So , having demonstrated that the slaughter is unnecessary , it is then said that the slaughter should stop , that it shows the wrong attitude to animals , that we must show them more respect , and not just treat them as a means to our ends .
While they are not vegetarian , some of these columnists say , they are so disgusted with what they have been seeing on television that they have been thinking of giving up meat .
When the agent asked how the tape would be removed , he was not given any answer .
Many prisoners were not captured fighting in Afghanistan . Some were picked up in Bosnia , Indonesia , Thailand , Mauritania , and Pakistan .
If there are any human rights at all , the right not to be locked up indefinitely without trial is surely one of them .
But the Sixth Amendment does not apply to the Guantánamo prisoners , because they are not US citizens and are in a facility that , technically , is not part of US territory , although it is under the full control of the US government .
This time , however , you are not standing near the track , but on a footbridge above the track . You can not divert the trolley .
This judgment is not limited to particular cultures .
This was not the case with people asked to make judgments about relatively `` impersonal '' violations like throwing a switch .
Hence the thought of doing it does not elicit the same emotional response as pushing someone off a bridge .
But the fact that our moral intuitions are universal and part of our human nature does not mean that they are right .
So we should think for ourselves , not just listen to our intuitions .
In Australia , where being open and friendly to strangers is not unusual , the city of Port Phillip , an area covering some of the bayside suburbs of Melbourne , has been using volunteers to find out how often people smile at those who pass them in the street .
The council wants Port Phillip to be a sustainable community , not merely in an environmental sense , but also in terms of social equity , economic viability , and cultural vitality .
In the 1970 's , American psychologists Alice Isen and Paula Levin conducted an experiment in which some randomly selected people making a phone call found a ten-cent coin left behind by a previous caller , and others did not .
Isen and Levin claimed that of the 16 who found a coin , 14 helped the woman , while of the 25 who did not find a coin , only one helped her .
Ségolène Royal is not married to François Hollande , the father of her four children .
Candidates for public office , and those holding high administrative or corporate positions , should be judged on their policies and performance , not on private acts that are irrelevant to how well they carry out , or will carry out , their public duties .
Even so , whether people choose to marry or not , whether they are heterosexual or homosexual , even whether they pay to fulfill their erotic fantasies or have fantasies they can fulfill at no cost , tells us little about whether they are good people who can be trusted with high office -- unless , of course , they say one thing while doing another .
But when New Jersey Governor John Corzine was involved in a serious road accident last month , it became known that he violated his own state 's law by not wearing his seat belt .
He is frequently booed and mocked by fans , and many thought that baseball 's commissioner , Bud Selig , should not attend games at which Bonds might tie or break the record .
It is reasonable to suspect that gold medals now go not to those who are drug-free , but to those who most successfully refine their drug use for maximum enhancement without detection .
So , if an athlete has a dangerously high level of red blood cells as a result of taking erythropoietin -LRB- EPO -RRB- , he or she should not be allowed to compete .
The issue is the red blood cell count , not the means used to elevate it .
But it is difficult to defend the current line between what athletes can and can not do in order to enhance their performance .
Physical exercise makes people not only healthier , but also happier .
So , while Savulescu 's bold suggestion may reduce drug use , it will not end it .
The problem is not with the athletes , but with us .
They looked like football fanatics , except that the badges bore Diana 's face , not David Beckham 's .
Even now , many nations , including the United States , Russia , China , Israel , and Iran , have not signed the treaty .
That remark may have been a bitter payback for the role Spencer believed the media , and the paparazzi who worked for them , played in Diana 's death , but it was not without truth .
Or perhaps those who identified so strongly with Diana somehow imagined that they shared in her good deeds , and that they need not do anything more .
Yet not nearly enough is being done to treat or prevent it .
Treating depression is often , if not always , effective , and without it , those who suffer from depression can not live happy , fulfilling lives .
Many of them lack adequate training in recognizing mental illness , and may not be up to date with treatments options .
Of course , relaxed and happy people can still become depressed , and stressed and unhappy people may not be depressed , but it is a reasonable hypothesis that happier people are less likely to become depressed .
-LRB- He did not suggest that men are on average more gifted in these fields than women , but that there is some reason for believing that men are more likely than women to be found at both the upper and lower ends of the spectrum of abilities in these fields -- and Harvard , of course , only appoints people at the extreme upper end . -RRB-
In an interview in the London Sunday Times , he was quoted as saying that he was gloomy about Africa 's prospects , because `` All our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours -- whereas all the testing says not really . ''
He added that he hoped everyone was equal , but that `` people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true . ''
But simply wanting this to be the case is not enough .
This is not science .
To question this is not to give in to racism .
Watson is right that questioning this assumption is not , in itself , racist .
This was not , he claimed , what he meant , and more importantly , `` there is no scientific basis for such a belief . ''
Yet to say that we should not carry out research in this area is equivalent to saying that we should reject open-minded investigation of the causes of inequalities in income , education , and health between people of different racial or ethnic groups .
If so , one can only hope that watching how Watson blew himself up will not discourage them from venturing into the minefield .
Finally , no matter what the facts on race and intelligence turn out to be , they will not justify racial hatred , nor disrespect for people of a different race .
In practice , what is compulsory is not casting a valid vote , but going to the polling place , having one 's name checked off , and putting a ballot paper in the box .
Compulsory voting is not unique to Australia .
I had many reasons to hope for the defeat of John Howard 's conservative government , but that does n't explain why I went to some trouble to vote , since the likelihood that my vote would make any difference was miniscule -LRB- and , predictably , it did not -RRB- .
Yet if many people follow this line of reasoning , and do not vote , a minority of the population can determine a country 's future , leaving a discontented majority .
When Kaczynski was forced to go to the polls again only two years later , it became evident that many of those who had not voted in 2005 were unhappy with the outcome .
Yet since our own vote makes such a tiny contribution to the outcome , each of us still faces the temptation to get a free ride , not bothering to vote while hoping that enough other people will vote to keep democracy robust and to elect a government that is responsive to the views of a majority of citizens .
Some people vote because they enjoy it , and would have nothing better to do with the time saved if they did not .
Others are motivated by a sense of civic duty that does not assess the rationality of voting in terms of the possible impact of one 's own ballot .
Still others might vote not because they imagine that they will determine the outcome of the election , but because , like football fans , they want to cheer their team on .
It may not even know which of its projects fail , because evaluating them , and learning from mistakes , requires staff -- and that adds to administrative costs .
They called many charities , but eventually realized something that seemed extraordinary : the information was just not there .
This , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld thought , is not a good way to go about charitable work .
To that end , they founded an organization called GiveWell so that other donors would not have as hard a time extracting it as they had had .
Perhaps for this reason , many organizations , including some of the best-known anti-poverty organizations working in Africa , did not respond to GiveWell 's request for information .
Pneumonia also has not been able to play its friendly role for 84-year-old Samuel Golubchuk of Winnipeg , Canada , who for years has had limited physical and mental capacities as a result of a brain injury .
Golubchuk 's doctors thought it best not to prolong his life , but his children , arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their Orthodox Jewish beliefs , obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their father alive .
He does not speak or get out of bed .
But a family 's wishes should not override doctors ' ethical responsibility to act in the best interests of their patients .
When a family seeks treatment that , in the professional judgment of the physicians , is not in the patient 's best interests , the answer should be : not far at all .
If Golubchuk 's children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father .
What the court should not do is order the hospital to continue to care for Golubchuk against the better judgment of its health care professionals .
Canada 's taxpayers are not required to support the religious beliefs held by their fellow-citizens .
In India , although only 53 % say that women have gained greater equality , an additional 14 % say that women now have more rights than men ! -LRB- Presumably , they were thinking only of those females who are not aborted because prenatal testing has shown them not to be male . -RRB-
Overall , it seems likely that these opinions reflect real changes , and thus are signs of moral progress toward a world in which people are not denied rights on the basis of race , ethnicity , or sex .
On average , 90 % of those asked said that equal treatment for people of different races or ethnic origins is important , and in no country were more than 13 % of respondents prepared to say that equal treatment is not important .
Equal rights for women -- not simply suffrage , but also working outside the home or living independently -- was still a radical idea in many countries .
Unfortunately , the same can not be said about equal rights for women .
In Saudi Arabia , women are not even permitted to drive a car , let alone vote .
This may mean that the surveys I have quoted indicate not widespread equality , but widespread hypocrisy .
Words do have consequences , and what one generation says but does not really believe , the next generation may believe , and even act upon .
Christians usually respond that God bestowed on us the gift of free will , and hence is not responsible for the evil we do .
For animals also suffer from floods , fires , and droughts , and , since they are not descended from Adam and Eve , they can not have inherited original sin .
People who live with a dog or a cat are not likely to find that persuasive .
Next , D'Souza argued that since God gave us life , we are not in a position to complain if our life is not perfect .
If life itself is a gift , he said , we are not wronged by being given less than we might want .
Finally , D'Souza fell back , as many Christians do when pressed , on the claim that we should not expect to understand God 's reasons for creating the world as it is . It is as if an ant should try to understand our decisions , so puny is our intelligence in comparison with the infinite wisdom of God .
The evidence of our own eyes makes it more plausible to believe that the world was not created by any god at all .
If , however , we insist on believing in divine creation , we are forced to admit that the god who made the world can not be all-powerful and all good .
Perhaps when no one is looking , they are not generous at all .
Often , names are stuck not only over the entire building , but also on as many constituent parts of it as fundraisers and architects can manage .
We may well look askance at a lavish new concert hall , but not because the donor 's name is chiseled into the marble façade .
Hsieh says that whether or not his giving has saved the lives of others , it has saved his own : `` I could easily have lived a life that was boring and inconsequential .
That is not generous at all .
Silent giving will not change a culture that deems it sensible to spend all your money on yourself and your family , rather than to help those in greater need -- even though helping others is likely to bring more fulfillment in the long run .
It also calls on the government to adopt , within a year , legislation to prohibit potentially harmful experiments on great apes that are not in their interests .
To do so would be to display a prejudice against other beings merely because they are not members of our species -- a prejudice we call speciesism , to highlight its resemblance to racism .
We learn , for example , that when asked to prepare a radio broadcast for the following day , he would begin reading , `` Today I am in California '' and quickly break off , saying with exasperation , `` But I 'm not in California . ''
Frum thought this a bit pedantic , but concluded that it was emblematic of the President 's character and that `` the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie . ''
As we have seen , the White House built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence , and Bush made statements about Iraq 's attempt to purchase uranium from Africa that he and his staff knew to be highly doubtful , if not false .
When questions were raised about how the statement about uranium was allowed to remain in Bush 's State of the Union address , both National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld argued that it was not a lie .
It was nevertheless misleading , for the CIA had informed the British that their information was not reliable .
In fact , even on the most literal interpretation , Bush 's statement was not accurate .
Bush did not say merely that the British had `` reported '' that Iraq had sought to buy uranium from Africa , but that the British had `` learned '' this .
Bush and his staff had good reason to believe that this was not true .
These voters were disgusted with Clinton , not only for his sexual relationship with White House intern Monica Lewinsky , but for lying about it .
But his lies did not lead his country into a war that has cost thousands of lives .
They can not justify developing new drugs unless they can expect to recoup their costs through sales .
If drug companies target diseases that affect only people who are unable to pay high prices for drugs , they can not expect to cover their research costs , let alone make a profit .
The problem is with the system , not with the individuals who make their choices within it .
The fund would not replace existing patent laws , but would offer an alternative to them . Pharmaceutical companies could continue to patent and sell their products as they do now . Alternatively , they could register a new drug with the Heath Impact Fund , which would set a low price based on the drug 's manufacturing cost .
That 's not a trivial sum , but it is n't out of reach , especially considering that affluent nations would also benefit from cheaper drugs and from medical research that was focused on reducing disease rather than on maximizing profits .
It 's not as if Obama has no policies for helping the poor .
Perhaps not enough of the poor vote , or they will vote Democratic anyway .
She called that comment `` reckless '' and `` untrue , '' because , `` That 's not what we 're doing there .
Of course , killing civilians is not all that the US and its NATO allies are doing in Afghanistan , and if Obama implied that it was , his rhetoric was careless .
But what is extraordinary about Palin 's comment is that , despite being a strong proponent of the sanctity of human life , in criticizing Obama she did not pause to deplore the serious loss of innocent human life that American air strikes in Afghanistan have caused .
Many Americans will judge the new administration by what it does at home . That includes raising taxes on those earning more than $ 250,000 a year , and using the money to extend health insurance to the tens of millions of Americans who -- uniquely for an industrialized nation -- do not have it .
Keeping those promises despite America 's gloomy economic prospects will not be easy .
Some will see globalization as the cause of this hardship , for if the poor were not linked to the rich through trade , they would not be affected by the recession .
It is not a step that should await the return of prosperity .
Some religious leaders also condemned the use of modern scientific technology to replace sexual intercourse , even when it could not lead to conception .
The Roman Catholic Church has not moved away from its opposition to IVF .
This outcome is not , however , very different from natural conception , for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall , with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever `` pregnant . ''
But while any couple would prefer to conceive a child without the intervention of doctors , that option is not available for infertile couples .
In those circumstances , it is harsh to say to a couple that they can not have their own genetic child at all .
Why not , for example , criticize Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar , the Arkansas couple who recently had their 18th child ?
Elsewhere , the ethical debate is not about IVF itself , but the limits of its use .
Now they see the current crisis as a vindication of the value of not spending money that you do n't have .
The designer Nathalie Rykiel is reportedly planning to show the new Sonia Rykiel collection in March not in the usual vast rented area , but in the smaller space of her own boutique . `` It 's a desire for intimacy , to go back to values , '' she told the International Herald Tribune .
When this grain , which humans could eat directly , is fed to chickens , they use some of it to create bones and feathers and other body parts that we can not eat .
Yet , despite these well-founded criticisms , over the last 20 years factory farming -- not only of chickens , but also of pigs , veal calves , dairy cows , and , in outdoor feedlots , cattle -- has spread rapidly in developing countries , especially in Asia .
But , as Brown has pointed out , viruses found in wild birds are generally not very dangerous .
Moreover , factory farms are not biologically secure .
We are not yet far into 2010 , but studies show that fewer than half of those who make New Year 's resolutions manage to keep them for as long as one month .
Part of the problem , of course , is that we make resolutions to do only things that we are not otherwise likely to do .
But that is a hard doctrine to swallow -- much harder than eating the extra slice of cake that you know is not good for you .
Thus , the problem is not lack of knowledge , but the failure of our reason to master other , non-rational aspects of our nature .
Collectively , they are ways of exerting our self-control not only now , but in the future as well .
These tools for keeping a New Year 's resolution can help us to make progress , not only in losing weight or staying out of debt , but also in living more ethically .
Why do people give generously to earthquake victims , but not to prevent the much larger number of deaths brought about by extreme poverty , insufficient food , unsafe water , lack of sanitation , and the absence of even the most basic health care ?
The daily deaths of children in poor countries from diarrhea , measles , and malaria are part of the background of the world we live in , and so are not news at all .
Perhaps people respond more generously to the victims of natural disasters than they do to those in extreme poverty because , after a natural disaster , we tend not to blame the victims .
Still , many people profess to believe that poverty is the result of not working hard enough , or of having too many children .
But the circumstances that produce extreme poverty are not , except in rare cases , under the control of such poor people .
That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem-cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwang 's research are completed .
If Hwang was not the first to do it , someone else eventually will .
For example , when President George W. Bush announced in 2001 that the United States would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos , he offered the following reason : `` Like a snowflake , each of these embryos is unique , with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being . ''
If it is the uniqueness of human embryos that makes it wrong to destroy them , then there is no compelling reason not to take one cell from an embryo and destroy the remainder of it to obtain stem cells , for the embryo 's `` unique genetic potential '' would be preserved .
But , for all we know , it is the next fetus that the woman will conceive , not the one she aborted , that will turn out to be the Beethoven or Einstein .
Richard Ellis , a marine conservationist at the American Museum of Natural History , believes that orcas are smart and would not do such a thing purely on impulse . `` This was premeditated , '' he told The Associated Press .
Several major cities and many local governments around the world do not permit circuses with wild animals .
Attempts to defend amusement parks and circuses on the grounds that they `` educate '' people about animals should not be taken seriously . Such enterprises are part of the commercial entertainment industry .
If the public will not pay to see them , the businesses that profit from keeping animals captive will not be able to continue .
If it does , we should explain to our children why we will not take them there , and offer to take them to a circus that does not .
The Unknown Promise of Internet Freedom MELBOURNE -- Google has withdrawn from China , arguing that it is no longer willing to design its search engine to block information that the Chinese government does not wish its citizens to have .
Likewise , in Cuba , Yoani Sánchez 's blog Generation Y has broken barriers that conventional media could not .
Even if it does not fulfill the anarchist dream of ending repressive government , we are still only beginning to grasp the extent of what it will do to the way we live .
PRINCETON -- When airports across Europe reopened after the closure caused by the eruption of Iceland 's Eyjafjallajökull volcano , it was not because the amount of ash in the atmosphere had dropped , but because the risk that the ash posed to airplane safety had been reassessed .
Sixteen cancer patients in critical need of bone marrow for transplants were put at risk because the matching marrow could not be flown in from the United States or Canada .
The price we are willing to pay for safety can not be infinite .
Does that mean that safety is paramount in the US , but not in Britain ?
Now that we have seen the costs of giving absolute priority to safety , we know that this is not only a technical question .
Although it is very similar to a natural bacterium from which it was largely copied , the creators put distinctive strings of DNA into its genome to prove that it is not a natural object .
These strings spell out , in code , a Web site address , the names of the researchers , and apt quotations , such as Richard Feynman 's `` What I can not build , I can not understand . ''
The scientists at the J. Craig Venter Institute expected to be told that they were `` playing God , '' and they were not disappointed .
Others object that living things should not be patented .
There are good grounds for objecting to turning a sentient being into a patented laboratory tool , but it is not so easy to see why patent law should not cover newly designed bacteria or algae , which can feel nothing and may be as useful as any other invention .
Indeed , Synthia 's very existence challenges the distinction between living and artificial that underlies much of the opposition to `` patenting life '' -- though pointing this out is not to approve the granting of sweeping patents that prevent other scientists from making their own discoveries in this important new field .
After the match , Neuer gave this account of his actions : `` I tried not to react to the referee and just concentrate on what was happening .
I realized it was over the line and I think the way I carried on so quickly fooled the referee into thinking it was not over . ''
But I 'm not the ref .
Why should the fact that you can get away with cheating mean that you are not culpable ?
Sports today are highly competitive , with huge amounts of money at stake , but that does not mean it is impossible to be honest .
Sometimes when the ball is caught the umpire can not be sure if the ball has touched the edge of the bat .
The Australian batsman Adam Gilchrist `` walked '' in the 2003 World Cup semi-final against Sri Lanka , although the umpire had already declared him not out .
He told the referee that he had not been fouled , but the referee insisted that he take the penalty kick .
That is not an ethical attitude .
But , while that will reduce the opportunity for cheating , it wo n't eliminate it , and it is n't really the point . We should not make excuses for intentional cheating in sports .
Of course , transparency alone can not prevent this , but it will show everyone how much the rulers are getting , and who is funding them .
Its editors argued that while the decision to publicize secret material is always difficult , these documents were of `` significant public interest '' and `` illuminate the extraordinary difficulty of what the United States and its allies have undertaken in a way that other accounts have not . ''
And the Wikileaks Web site points out that while openness may lead to some highly visible bad consequences , what we fail to see are the consequences of not publishing , and the way in which a climate of openness makes it more likely that governments and corporations will act more ethically .
In Latvia , an artificial-intelligence researcher in the University of Latvia 's computer science department who earlier this year leaked confidential records on the income of bank managers has been praised as a modern `` Robin Hood , '' because otherwise the public would not have known how much some people were continuing to be paid while their banks were being bailed out with public funds .
My father told me that he could not understand how anyone could enjoy an afternoon spent taking fish out of the water and letting them die slowly .
They may suffocate in the net , because , with their gills constricted , they can not breathe . If not , they may remain trapped for many hours before the nets are pulled in .
This does not include billions of fish caught illegally nor unwanted fish accidentally caught and discarded , nor does it count fish impaled on hooks as bait .
Let 's assume that all this fishing is sustainable , though of course it is not .
It would then be reassuring to believe that killing on such a vast scale does not matter , because fish do not feel pain .
Her recent book Do Fish Feel Pain ? shows that fish are not only capable of feeling pain , but also are a lot smarter than most people believe .
Is it because they can not give voice to their pain ?
We need to learn how to capture and kill wild fish humanely -- or , if that is not possible , to find less cruel and more sustainable alternatives to eating them .
Because the world 's population is rising , halving the proportion of people suffering from hunger -LRB- and extreme poverty -RRB- means that the number will not be halved .
When the Millennium Declaration was rewritten as a set of specific goals , the baseline for calculating the proportion to be halved was set not at 2000 , but at 1990 .
In any case , according to a recent World Bank\/International Monetary Fund report , we are not on track to meet even the scaled-back global target of halving the proportion of hungry people in developing countries .
In Africa , after economic stagnation in the 1990 's , a decade of encouraging economic growth is reducing the proportion of the population living in extreme poverty , but not quickly enough to halve it by 2015 .
On health goals , however , we are not even close .
Maternal mortality is falling , but not fast enough .
Progress has been made in reducing malaria and measles , and the rate of child mortality has fallen partly as a result , but the goal of a two-thirds reduction will not be met .
But , without trade reform and action on climate change , more and better aid will not suffice .
The initiative has met with some success , although it has not completely halted trade in diamonds from conflict-torn countries like the Democratic Republic of Congo .
According to the Zimbabwean finance minister , Tendai Biti , four years after the military took over the diamond fields , the national treasury has received not one penny of royalties from the sale of Marange diamonds .
This is not , of course , the first time that the discovery of resources in an undeveloped country has led to riches for a few rather than greater prosperity for all .
That is not paternalism , just an encouragement to pause and reflect .
But when the temptations are not immediately present , we can erect barriers to them that make us less likely to succumb when they return .
Chinese mothers , according to Chua , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them .
-LRB- Chua says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are `` Chinese '' in their approach , as well as some ethnic-Chinese mothers who are not . -RRB-
So it is not surprising that many Americans react with horror to her style of parenting .
No matter how hard a tiger mom pushes , not every student can finish first -LRB- unless , of course , we make everyone `` top of the class '' -RRB- .
This approach to child-rearing is not unrelated to happiness : there is abundant evidence that those who are generous and kind are more content with their lives than those who are not . But it is also an important goal in its own right .
We , by contrast , are social animals . So are elephants , and elephant mothers do not focus only on the well-being of their own offspring .
This is the first time that the Security Council has unanimously referred a situation involving human rights violations to the International Criminal Court , and it is remarkable that countries that are not members of the Court -- including the United States , Russia , and China -- nevertheless supported the referral .
Yet the Security Council resolution contains no mention of the possibility of military intervention -- not even the imposition of a no-fly zone over Libya to prevent Qaddafi from using planes to attack protesters .
For example , military intervention should be a last resort , and the consequences of action should not be likely to be worse than the consequences of inaction .
But Libya is not Iraq or Afghanistan -- its population is only about one-fifth of either country 's , and there is a strong popular movement for a democratic form of government .
And the library could include not only books and articles , but also paintings , music , films , and every other form of creative expression that can be captured in digital form .
Chin held that the United States Congress , not a court , was the appropriate body to decide who should be entrusted with guardianship over orphan books , and on what terms .
These are large and important issues that affect not only authors , publishers , and Google , but anyone with an interest in the diffusion and availability of knowledge and culture .
The central issue is this : how can we make books and articles -- not just snippets , but entire works -- available to everyone , while preserving the rights of the works ' creators ?
That would be a huge step in the right direction , but we should not give up the dream of a universal digital public library .
True , those walls did not work as well as had been hoped , but Japan was nonetheless much better prepared for a tsunami than Padang is .
One reason for this is that preventing a disaster does not make good television .
This is a situation in which we must stretch our imagination , to understand and be motivated by the good that we are doing . Unfortunately , not everyone can do that .
Another reason why we do not give to prevent disasters should be familiar to anyone who has ever delayed going to the dentist because the prospect of serious pain in the coming weeks or months just was n't as motivating as the reluctance to face some more immediate slight discomfort .
Most of us are not very good at giving proper weight to future events , especially if they are uncertain .
Among philosophers , the view that moral judgments state objective truths has been out of fashion since the 1930 's , when logical positivists asserted that , because there seems to be no way of verifying the truth of moral judgments , they can not be anything other than expressions of our feelings or attitudes .
So , for example , when we say , `` You ought not to hit that child , '' all we are really doing is expressing our disapproval of your hitting the child , or encouraging you to stop hitting the child .
There is no truth to the matter of whether or not it is wrong for you to hit the child .
But the core of the argument comes in the first 400 pages , which is not an insurmountable challenge for the intellectually curious -- particularly given that Parfit , in the best tradition of English-language philosophy , always strives for lucidity , never using obscure words where simple ones will do .
Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much `` what matters '' as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
We can also have reasons -LRB- though not always conclusive reasons -RRB- to prevent others from suffering agony .
One major argument against objectivism in ethics is that people disagree deeply about right and wrong , and this disagreement extends to philosophers who can not be accused of being ignorant or confused .
More controversially , the lower house of the Dutch parliament passed a law giving the Jewish and Islamic communities a year to provide evidence that animals slaughtered by traditional methods do not experience greater pain than those that are stunned before they are killed .
If the evidence can not be provided , stunning before slaughter will be required in the Netherlands .
I found it difficult to watch the videotape of the beating of Anne , but that recording did not compare to videos I have seen of animal cruelty in China .
The sickening footage available online shows bears kept in cages so small that they can not stand up , or in some cases move at all , so that bile can be taken from them .
Long before Western philosophers included animals in their ethics , Chinese philosophers like Zhuangzi said that love should permeate relations not only between humans , but between all sentient beings .
The problem does not lie with voters , who , in states like Florida , Arizona , and California , have shown that they want farm animals to have better protection than the animal industries typically provide .
The animal-welfare movement in China should not be satisfied with its small but conspicuous success regarding animal abuse in zoos .
Both dramatize insights and lessons that should not be ignored .
Instead , `` performance capture technology , '' originally invented for the movie Avatar , enables a human actor , Andy Serkis , to play the role of the chimpanzee Caesar , not by dressing in a chimp suit , but by having every gesture and facial movement , even the twitch of an eyebrow , transformed into the movement of an ape .
When I spoke with Wyatt last month , he acknowledged that there were practical reasons for not using real apes in his movie .
But he was taken from his first human family and handed over to other teachers with whom he did not have the same kind of bond .
But it is not clear whether people 's answers to survey questions in different languages and in different cultures really mean the same thing .
Without the Commission 's approval , it can not go ahead .
Bhutanese may bring into the country small quantities of cigarettes or tobacco from India for their own consumption , but not for resale -- and they must carry the import-tax receipt with them any time they smoke in public .
Last July , the UN General Assembly passed , without dissent , a Bhutanese-initiated resolution recognizing the pursuit of happiness as a fundamental human goal and noting that this goal is not reflected in GDP .
Although the Bush administration acknowledged that some scientists believe stem cell research could offer new ways of treating diseases that affect 128 million Americans , this prospect evidently did not , in Bush 's view , justify destroying human embryos .
The target of the attack , Al Qaeda 's number two man , Ayman al-Zawahiri , was not among the dead , although lesser figures in the terrorist organization reportedly were .
Bush did not apologize for the attack , nor did he reprimand those who ordered it .
This consistent pattern of readiness to inflict civilian casualties -- often when striking targets that are not of vital military significance -- suggests that Bush and other pro-life American leaders have less concern for the lives of innocent human beings in Afghanistan , Iraq , and Pakistan , than they have for human embryos .
Bush , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people .
The presence of a Taliban truck does not justify bombing a village in which civilians are going about their daily lives .
A culture that allows -- and even endorses -- such tactics is not one that is genuinely committed to encouraging respect for life .
We can be quite sure that American forces would not have acted in the same way if the civilians nearby had been other Americans .
The Cold War was a major factor in relations , influencing not only policy but also perceptions on either side .
IT has not only created new avenues for co-operation but is recasting India 's image into that of a modern , dynamic society .
The consequences of partition , however , remain : Pakistan has not yet been able to evolve an administratively credible government .
Indeed , if Muhammad Ali Jinnah , Pakistan 's founding father , had been right that Muslims are a separate nation , Bangladesh would not have broken away from it , and the country 's relations with its neighbor Afghanistan would be free of intrigue and violence .
In his book Islam and the Destiny of Man , Gai Eaton put the matter with elegant precision : `` Islamic society is theocentric ... not theocratic . ''
Whereas the centrality of the state in human affairs is a modern , European development , traditional societies like India or Pakistan have always regarded the state as no more than a necessary evil , since large societies can not be managed on the old tribal basis .
That is why in Islamic jurisprudence , laws must be derived from the Koran and the Sunnah of the Prophet , not handed down from British or classical philosophy .
So the central issue in Islam has not been whether the state can be separated from religion , but whether society can be so separated .
It can not , which is why no Muslim state can be fully secular .
Taseer 's assassination , unlike that of Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her bodyguards in 1984 , was not a retaliatory revenge attack .
Worse , many citizens , if not most , have reacted by supporting the assassin -LRB- some showering him with flower petals -RRB- , while hundreds of Ulemas -LRB- religious leaders -RRB- welcomed his killing and called participation in his funeral `` un-Islamic . ''
Of course , Pakistan alone is responsible for the path it chooses , but it would not have so readily adopted its current course but for the tacit -LRB- and explicit -RRB- support that the US has given it , beginning in the 1980 's to counter the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan .
In the dark , congested alleys of Lahore , Karachi , Peshawar , or Quetta , the yearning is not for democratic liberalism , but for the believers to unite behind the one true faith .
Here , in this desire , is where Pakistan 's ultimate reckoning is to be found , not in the corridors of Washington , and certainly not on the broad avenues of Islamabad .
In the days and weeks ahead , there could arise occasions when the news from Cairo is not uplifting , but let us never forget that Egypt has taken a giant step , which in reality is a giant step for all Arabs .
Pernicious talk that Arabs do not want democracy has been exposed as the big lie it is .
But the thread that united all , the theme that remained unerringly constant , was the yearning for `` change '' -- immediate , real , and tangible , not a promise or a tantalizing , unreachable mirage .
And not just Arab ; globally , foreign policies are being hurriedly -- and somewhat confusedly -- revised and rewritten .
This is why US policy oscillated so disconcertingly from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's `` Do not rush the pace or else the pro-democracy movement could well be hijacked '' to President Barack Obama 's emphatic call for `` change now . ''
And how that future is shaped will determine whether or not Mubarak 's end marks the beginning of political transformation throughout the Middle East .
It is not just the reliability of the Suez Canal and oil exports that are now in doubt ; decades of fixed strategic certainties must now be reexamined .
Above all , Israel must wonder if the peace treaty with Egypt will hold , and , if not , how to carry out the massive restructuring of its defense posture that will be required .
But it is not only the fate of Israel that has now shocked US policy , in particular , to its core .
Herein lies the core of the dilemma for the US : it wants Egypt 's basic state apparatus to survive , so that the levers of power do not fall into the wrong hands .
In the East , a large number of Chinese troops have entered Pakistani-held territory high in the mountain fastness of the Kashmir Karakorams , in the picturesque Gilgit-Baltistan region , not far from the glacial battlefield of Siachen , where India and Pakistan confront each other .
This , Sering says , is `` surely not on account of any overflowing altruism . ''
Fortunately , at least for the present , this rivalry is far less emotional than India-Pakistan relations , having not been born of historical grievances .
Bilateral economic , trade , and currency disagreements may not be as bitter as they are between the US and China , but they are thorny , and lack of resolution is making them more intractable .
Likewise , despite America 's pinched economic circumstances , Obama would do well not to use his visit to peddle US wares .
Although trade is an effective lubricant of good relations , these sorts of talks are for the `` sherpas , '' not Obama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , to handle .
Indeed , Obama is placed in a unique position for an American president , a position that he appears to comprehend , though his opponents in the US do not .
India must make clear -- and the US must recognize -- that a sub-continental country of a billion-plus people can not be kept within the categorical confines of `` South Asia . ''
For we are bound where mariner has not yet dared to go . ''
Not surprisingly , given the Americans ' deeply ingrained suspicion , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in return for fuel rods was `` not acceptable '' to the US .
And not just with the US .
And the ongoing failure to talk to North Korea does not appear to be working either , as the recent shelling of South Korea demonstrates .
Even if Iranian nuclear weapons are not acceptable to the US , President Barack Obama needs to start talking more openly about what is .
And talking should not be impossible .
Iran may be a self-proclaimed theocracy , but it has conducted foreign relations since the 1979 revolution in a rational , if not always emollient , way .
In these circumstances , if Iran is offered a diplomatic ladder that it can climb down with its dignity intact -- above all , a credible promise of an historic reconciliation with the US that includes specific economic benefits , not Obama 's current vague offers -- a tired revolution 's troubled leadership might take it .
That , not Western bluster and sanctions , is the way ahead .
But they would not be granted tax-financed social benefits .
Instead , bureaucrats and politicians prefer a quota system , whereby bureaucrats , not the market , select who immigrates .
Only people that bureaucrats deign to select are fully included , while others who want to come but are not allowed to do so face discrimination .
A policy of partial , delayed integration is preferable to quotas , not only in view of the Treaty of Rome but also on economic grounds .
This is good news not only for Germany , but also for Europe as a whole , as the business climate for German manufacturers reflects that in the rest of Europe -- their main export market .
But , while the compromise is more than could have been hoped for at the outset , several important countries did not partake of it .
To be sure , China , India , Brazil , South Africa , and Mexico signed on ; but many countries , including the Asian tigers and most European countries , did not , despite their large contributions to polluting the world 's atmosphere .
Moreover , the oil sheiks and other producers of fossil fuels who ultimately control the amount of carbon released to the atmosphere were not part of the deal .
If major consumer countries and most producer countries do not join the agreement to reduce CO2 emissions , it could be useless .
Unfortunately , this view is too good to be true , because one country 's emissions are not independent from those of another .
Countries that cut their emissions would , in effect , be subsidizing their competitors ' growth , not necessarily reducing the speed of global warming .
If they do not extract it today , they will have to do it in the future if they want to make a profit .
This would not solve the CO2 problem in the long run , but at least it would postpone the catastrophe .
This is not plausible .
Such a policy simply subsidizes other polluters ' CO2 emissions , but does not alleviate the problem of global warming .
Second , and more difficult , the oil sheikhs and other producers of fossil fuels must be talked into postponing their extraction plans or , better yet , not to extract some of their resources at all .
The recently signed wage agreement for all railway employees , negotiated by the rival unions Transnet and GDBA , did not go far enough for the GDL , which is now holding out for a 31 % wage hikes .
If the GDL gets a higher wage settlement than achieved in the general wage agreement for all railway workers , the general agreement will become invalid -- an outcome that the railway management can not accept under any conditions .
While German permanent civil servants can not be fired , nor are they allowed to strike .
This is not sustainable .
The problem is that advocates of reducing the greenhouse effect by promoting bio-fuels production have not made clear where the land will come from .
This may be unobjectionable on ethical and social-policy grounds , but it certainly would not help the environment .
The remaining alternative is to use land that has not previously been used commercially . But such land is usually wooded .
Deforestation must be reversed , not accelerated .
The boom was unusually long and persistent , with four years of roughly 5 % growth -- a period of sustained economic dynamism not seen since around 1970 .
That may not sound like a recession , but the Fund 's marginally positive projection primarily reflects the growth overhang from 2007 , with hardly any new contribution in 2008 .
Thus , the world can not help but be pulled down by a US slump .
Banks everywhere are learning the hard way that the debt with which the US financed its consumption boom will not necessarily be repaid .
The mortgage-backed securities that US banks succeeded in selling to the world are not comparable to European assets with similar names .
Many European banks may not have understood this , yet they still shied away from revealing these dubious investments on their balance sheets .
This spring will show the necessary write-offs in the annual balance sheets , but the full truth will not become known before the 2008 balance sheets are published in the spring of 2009 .
But the Fed can not endow the banks with new equity capital and prevent a credit crunch .
The answer lies in a combination of a bad accounting system and various moral-hazard effects that were not contained by existing regulatory systems .
The deficiency of IFRS is that it does not mitigate systemic contagion resulting from asset price movements .
Often , securities are created that are backed by sophisticated portfolios containing good and bad assets whose true risk can not easily be assessed .
When German officials pushed in the 1990 's for the Stability and Growth Pact as a prerequisite for giving up the Deutschmark , they did not anticipate that Germany would be the first country to violate the pact .
While the pact says that a government can not borrow more than 3 % of its GDP , Germany 's public-finance deficit reached 3.7 % of GDP and more from 2002 to 2004 .
Italy , for example , not only benefited from its government 's creative accounting , but also from the fact the euro led to interest-rate convergence in Europe .
Indeed , other things being equal , had the interest rate not declined , Italy would have had a public-finance deficit of 11 % of GDP in 2004 rather than the reported 3 % , and its debt\/GDP ratio would , of course , have been much higher .
It was the euro , not the Italian government , that helped Italy satisfy the Stability and Growth Pact .
While constraints are a good idea , it is understandable that EU governments do not like them .
Sinners do not like rules .
The future generations that are to foot the bill may simply not be there .
But the right response is to make the Stability and Growth Pact tougher , not weaker .
The immigration waves of the last two years to Britain , Spain , and Italy will have significantly changed these figures , but the information needed to update the statistics is not yet available .
This immigration is not an invasioni barbariche , as Italians refer to the Völkerwanderung , although the orders of magnitude are comparable .
But in practice , immigration is often not as beneficial as it could be , because the target country has a rigid wage structure that prevents the additional jobs needed to employ the immigrants from being created .
This is not a problem of immigration as such , but of poorly designed domestic social and labor market institutions .
Today 's brain drain is not only from emerging and developing countries to richer countries , but also from European countries to the US .
This largely reflects the impact of $ 152 billion in tax rebates -LRB- roughly 1 % of GDP -RRB- , but , given the continuing and intensifying real-estate crisis , this boost to growth still does not mark a turnaround .
A second hypothesis is closer to the truth : the decline of economic activity in Germany thus far has not been as strong as in other countries .
Germany did not have a real-estate bubble that threatened to burst , as did Great Britain , Ireland , Spain , and France .
These are areas where there is not much that the state can do to help .
But he should not ignore the time lags between the American and the German economic cycles .
Germans have always been enthusiastic proponents of the EU , not least because they hoped that a European identity would help compensate for their damaged national identity .
Former French President Jacques Chirac did not hesitate to justify this imbalance with a reference to World War II , which the Germans accepted .
Although the Czech Republic will assume the EU presidency in January , this has not prevented the French President from convening a new EU summit under Sarkozy 's leadership in the first half of 2009 .
This affront will put not only Czech tolerance to the test , but also that of Merkel .
But these fears are not well founded .
By providing extra liquidity , central banks merely reduce the amount of money withdrawn from expenditure on goods and services , which mitigates , but does not reverse , the negative demand shock that hit the world economy .
This deflationary tendency will create serious economic problems , which do not necessarily result from deflation as such , but may stem from a natural resistance to deflation .
Moreover , even if prices on average exhibit some downward flexibility , deflation necessarily increases the real rate of interest , given that nominal interest rates can not fall below zero .
The only plausible inflationary scenario presupposes that when economies recover , central banks do not raise interest rates sufficiently in the coming boom , keeping too much of the current liquidity in the market .
Such a scenario is not impossible .
But the ECB , whose only mandate is to maintain price stability , can not pursue this policy without fundamental changes in legislation .
Moreover , this scenario can not take place before the slump has turned into a boom .
So , for the time being , the risk of inflation simply does not exist .
In addition , Germany has much more inner stability than the US , because it does not have the problem of heavily indebted households that are now restricted in their borrowing .
A normal German household is not on its last financial legs , and is therefore able to compensate for income losses by adjusting its savings .
Whereas German exports are falling at an annual rate of 20 % , the portion of imports that does not consist of intermediate products for export goods is stable , helping the world as a whole .
The development of the world has not been without problems , however .
The brain drain is a problem not only for South America west of the Andes and many African countries , but also for Turkey , Italy , Britain , the Balkan countries , Germany , and Finland .
Since the world will not continue to provide the US with goods in exchange for dubious financial securities , Americans will have to leave their dream world .
In the next few decades , the biggest challenge for the world will be peace , because the changing economic power structure will require corresponding political changes , which the US , as the incumbent superpower , will not easily accept .
Low-income people who could not be expected ever to repay their loans were given so-called NINJA credits : `` No income , no job , no assets . ''
That way , they would share the pain if the securities are not serviced -- and thus gain a powerful incentive to maintain tight mortgage-lending standards .
If a Pfandbrief is not serviced , one can take the issuing bank to court .
If the bank goes bankrupt , the holder of the covered bond has a direct claim against the homeowner , who can not escape payment by simply returning his house key .
Since their creation in Prussia in 1769 under Frederick the Great , not a single Pfandbrief has defaulted .
The problem is not only the premium itself , but the imminent risk that Greece will not be able to find the ¤ 53 billion it needs to service its debt falling due in 2010 , let alone the estimated additional ¤ 30 billion to finance the new debt resulting from its projected budget deficit .
The other euro-zone countries , however , will not let Greece go under , because they fear a domino effect similar to the one triggered among banks by the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 .
But this is not true . Budget discipline will work only insofar as it drives the country into a depression and induces a real devaluation through a reduction in wages and prices , which is option two .
According to the German Constitution , the German states -LRB- or Länder -RRB- will not be permitted any budget deficit after 2020 , and must already pursue fiscal consolidation in order to meet that goal .
In exceptional cases , a state may run a deficit , but its cumulative volume must not exceed 1.5 % of GDP .
All of this is unpleasant , and it may not appeal to politicians who believe in dreams .
But the European debt crisis will not disappear into thin air by virtue of wishful thinking .
Markets have not yet found their equilibrium , and the governments on Europe 's southwestern rim are nervously watching how events unfold .
Since rescue measures beyond the pre-arranged Greek package had not been on the agenda for the Brussels meeting , German Chancellor Angela Merkel thought she could safely go to Moscow to commemorate the end of World War II -- unlike Sarkozy , who declined Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's invitation .
I do not share this view .
The programs that have been agreed will not suffice to reassure creditors , and Germany will most likely be unwilling to bow once again to Sarkozy in the coming negotiations to prolong the rescue measures -- at least as they are constructed now -- beyond the initially stipulated three years .
The euro was simply in no danger when European leaders decided to rescue it , and it is not in danger now .
The Stability and Growth Pact , aimed at punishing countries that breach the 3 % - of-GDP deficit limit , was a joke : not a single wayward country was ever punished .
The European debt crisis , however , remains , and markets do not fully trust the current calm .
While the US is expected to grow by 3.3 % this year and by 2.9 % next year -- roughly the long-term average for the past 30 years , this can not be called a self-sustained upswing , given that the fiscal deficit is expected to reach a breathtaking 11 % of GDP this year , before easing to a still-high 8.2 % in 2011 .
Moreover , despite the recent banking reform legislation , the US has not yet resolved the structural deficiencies of its capital markets .
During the first seven months of 2010 , China not only refrained from buying any more US government paper , but even began to sell its holdings .
Since the United Kingdom itself is a large capital importer , we can assume that the City is not holding the paper itself but merely restructuring it and then selling it to the world under a new name and with the London stamp on it .
The US wanted the Chinese money , but it was not prepared to offer anything more than structured securities of questionable creditworthiness , as well as government paper that is now clearly exposed to the risk of inflation and devaluation .
The Europeans wanted to achieve their goal through , among other means , further environmental protection and more social cohesion -- desirable aims , but certainly not growth strategies .
Yet not a single country was ever penalized .
In fact , international markets have not financed any of them to a considerable extent for the past three years ; the European Central Bank has .
The ECB 's policy was not inflationary , because the aggregate stock of central-bank money in the eurozone was unaffected .
The balance is not reported on the ECB 's balance sheet , since it is zero in the aggregate , but it does show up on the respective balance sheets of the national central banks as interest-bearing claims against , and liabilities to , the ECB system .
One should not criticize the ECB for propping up the GIPS ' current accounts during the global crisis .
But it should be clear that this was not a sui generis monetary policy ; it was a bailout .
Now that the world economy has largely recovered from the crisis , it is time to end this policy -- not least because the ECB is running out of ammunition .
Such a cap would not eliminate current-account deficits , but it would reduce deficits to the flow of private capital willing to finance them .
Although it must have been sorely tempted , Italy did not accumulate Target deficits .
MUNICH -- `` It 's not the euro that 's in danger , but the public finances of individual European countries . '' One hears this everywhere nowadays , but it 's not true .
The GIPS ' enormous current-account deficits -- and the massive exodus of capital from Ireland , in particular -- would not have been possible without ECB financing .
Without the additional money that GIPS central banks created in excess of their countries ' requirements for internal circulation , trade deficits could not have been sustained , and the GIPS ' commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices -LRB- which all too often were those of government bonds -RRB- .
The sole exception is Ireland , which is suffering not from a lack of competitiveness , but from capital flight .
The banking system would not survive this without help , so the EU 's bailout activities should be refocused accordingly .
Depreciation inside the eurozone in the form of deflation , on the other hand , would drive large parts of the real economy into excessive debt , because only the value of assets , not that of bank debts , would decline .
The transitional independent privatization agency proposed by Jean-Claude Juncker for paying the Greek debt is not a good idea .
First , it would at best aim to solve the debt problem ; it would not increase competitiveness .
Opposition leaders do not like the subject , but they avoid challenging it .
This alarms the public and incites anger against capitalists who do not reinvest their profits .
Even Marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking .
While the national central banks have not revealed how much they bought , the aggregate stock of all government bonds purchased rose from ¤ 74 billion -LRB- $ 102 billion -RRB- on August 4 , to ¤ 165 billion this month .
Italy was stable and did not seem to need the printing press to solve its financial problems .
This is not the end of the world , not even for the ECB .
This does not mean that the German-made share of exports is falling in absolute terms .
A favorable assessment can not rest on the fact that the overall German value-added in exports has been growing because this is simply an effect of the German specialization in export-related production .
As a result , these labor-intensive sectors must release a lot of labor and capital , which push into the capital-intensive export sectors that are better able to cope with high wages . But , while these sectors therefore grow especially fast , their high capital intensity means that they can not fully employ the released labor , with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state .
However , this prohibition does not apply to people who are self-employed or not working . Such people already enjoy full freedom of free migration today .
According to the directive 's preamble , the state can not cite insufficient assets as a reason to refuse a residence permit , as this would be inadmissible discrimination .
If he becomes indigent after receiving a residence permit , he can not automatically be returned to his home country , as was possible before .
The host country can not deny this right even if an immigrant has no health insurance and no resources to live on .
The real differences in living standards are not quite as large , but they are a temptation nonetheless .
But , to do so , the directive on free movement must be changed , so that the right to immigrate does not automatically imply a right to social benefits .
Third , it can complete the process of debt relief for countries that have not received it , and help protect poor countries from predatory commercial creditors .
But Liberia 's dramatic turnaround would not have been possible without the support of the United Nations ' peacekeepers , the G8 , the European Union , and other partners around the world .
As has been the case in some other countries , a return to conflict remains a threat if a clear peace dividend does not quickly materialize throughout the country .
The stakes for Liberia and for the region could not be higher .
We have met all of the conditions asked by the international community to start the debt relief process , but creditor countries have not yet agreed on the financing .
The flames of Islamic fundamentalism are not confined to the Middle East and Central Asia .
This is not to say that they agree with the American critique of Indonesian policy .
The real conflict ignited by the terrorist attacks is not between Islam and an American-led , Judeo-Christian `` crusade . ''
The fight will not be easy , but it can be won .
The big issue is not how to deal with a downturn , but rather how to sustain today 's global boom and the capital flows that go with it .
The good news is that some countries have large savings that they want to invest in other countries , and are not put off by short-run market gyrations .
But capital controls are not the only variable that determines financial openness .
But even if capital controls could still fully insulate a country from the forces of financial globalization , such a goal would not be desirable .
One conclusion , therefore , is for countries to be cautious about removing capital controls when they have not yet reached the relevant `` safety '' thresholds , but equally to stress the sizable net benefits for countries that exceed the thresholds .
We think that capital from these countries is increasingly flowing not so much `` uphill '' to developed countries -LRB- as it did over the past five years -RRB- , but rather `` around the hill '' to other emerging markets and poorer developing countries .
The risk today is not imminent crisis , but rather that the capital flows arising from the global boom will not be well managed , leading to the buildup of vulnerabilities .
And Kai Eide , the United Nations Secretary-General 's special representative in Afghanistan , has agreed that the situation can not be stabilized by military means alone .
In the economists ' world , morality should not seek to control technology , but should adapt to its demands .
That today 's global financial meltdown is the direct consequence of the West 's worship of false gods is a proposition that can not be discussed , much less acknowledged .
The great economist Hyman Minsky 's `` merchants of debt '' sold their toxic products not only to the credulous and ignorant , but also to greedy corporations and supposedly savvy individuals .
Without the development of debt finance , the world would be a lot poorer than it is . Yet going from one extreme -LRB- keeping one 's spare cash under the bed -RRB- to the other -LRB- lending out money one does not have -RRB- is to cut out the sensible middle .
H.G. Wells was only partly right : the race between morality and destruction encompasses not just war , but economic life as well .
This time it is the buyer who knows more than the seller , since the buyer knows his risk behavior , physical health , and so on . The insurer faces `` adverse selection , '' because he can not distinguish between good and bad risks .
But a moment 's thought will show why these models can not explain today 's general crisis .
So these models can not explain a situation in which everyone , or almost everyone , is losing -- or , for that matter , winning -- at the same time .
In Akerlof 's example , the problem with selling a used car at an efficient price is not that no one knows how likely it is to break down , but rather that the seller knows perfectly well how likely it is to break down , and the buyer does not .
If only one person were perfectly informed , there could never be a crisis -- someone would always make the right calls at the right time . But only God is perfectly informed , and He does not play the stock market .
Herd behavior arises , Keynes thought , not from attempts to deceive , but from the fact that , in the face of the unknown , we seek safety in numbers .
But this was not used to finance new inventions : it was the invention . It was called securitized mortgages .
In fact , elites everywhere have always lived by this injunction , and ordinary people have not minded very much , provided that the elites fulfill their part of the bargain : protect the country against its enemies and improve living conditions .
Big banks can not be allowed to fail ; but the public expects bankers to be punished .
Despite efforts to give it precision , estimating political risk is not an exact science .
It requires political theory , not econometrics .
Failure discredits only the party or coalition in power , not the entire political system .
Whatever the attractions of giving criminals `` nowhere to hide , whatever the consequences , '' the consequences can not be ignored when the criminals are heads of state .
The policy of never negotiating with terrorists can not be scaled up to state level when hundreds of thousands of lives are at stake .
Does extraordinary rendition not count as `` enforced disappearance of persons '' ?
Does the waterboarding of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed not count as torture ?
Why is Vladimir Putin not standing trial for war crimes in Chechnya ?
Chinese investments increasingly took the form of official purchases of US Treasury bills . These investments did not create new resources to provide the means of repayment .
Chinese savings flowed not into creating new assets , but into financial speculation and consumer binges .
This view is also self-contradictory , for if market participants are perfectly rational and perfectly informed , they would not have been fooled by a policy of making money cheaper than it really was .
John Maynard Keynes wrote that `` practical men who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist . '' Most of today 's crop of economists are not defunct , but continue to work in the ideological vicinity of Chicago .
These were the methods of fascism and communism , and they would , in the end , have destroyed not just economic , but political , liberty .
In rebuilding the shattered post-Thatcherite economy , we should be careful not to revive the failed policies of the past .
`` Trade not Aid '' became the new watchword .
Yet despite the rollback of the state , Africa has not made the leap to prosperity .
Many countries had `` failed '' states that could not provide even the minimum conditions of security and health .
The much-discussed Kimberly Process is a pilot project . Diamond companies volunteer not to buy from conflict areas in an attempt to prevent diamonds from funding warlords .
With refugees spilling over borders , pirates hijacking ships , and terrorists finding shelter , it is clear that , although Africa 's solutions are its own , its problems are not .
When shocks to the system occur , agents do not know what will happen next . In the face of this uncertainty , they do not readjust their spending ; instead , they refrain from spending until the mists clear , sending the economy into a tailspin .
It is the shock , not the adjustments to it , that spreads throughout the system .
An economy hit by a shock does not maintain its buoyancy ; rather , it becomes a leaky balloon .
The logic behind the separation was absolutely clear : banks whose deposits were insured by the taxpayers should not be allowed to speculate with their depositors ' money .
Salvation does not lie in better `` risk management '' by either regulators or banks , but , as Keynes believed , in taking adequate precautions against uncertainty .
The pace of change might be doubtful , but not its direction .
Third , Russia has not yet become economically integrated with the West , especially Europe , as was expected .
Of course , it is not very difficult to envisage the voluntary reincorporation of the ethnic Russian populations of Belarus , eastern Ukraine , and northern Kazakhstan into the Russian Federation -- but only in a context in which Russia emerges as a true regional leader on a par with the EU .
Russia also will not transform its economic system along Anglo-American lines .
The French have been the most insistent that Europe has interests that are not identical to America 's -- particularly in the Middle East , where France has been pro-Arab .
There are simply too many `` nations , '' actual or potential , to form the basis of a world system of states , not least because so many of them , having been jumbled up for centuries , can not now be disentangled .
Today 's upsurge of micro-nationalism is not just a consequence of the revolt against empires : it is also a revolt against globalization .
Provided we do not deceive ourselves about where real power lies , let presidents and parliaments be three a penny if that is what makes people feel good about themselves .
If there are less people working today than yesterday , it is because more people have decided not to work .
A more sensible view is that today 's economy is not producing as much as it could and that there are many more people who want to work than there are jobs available .
Even so , it is not clear how much of that will be spent .
Third , existing policy , even if maintained , will not produce self-sustaining recovery .
Talk of government spending cuts is premature . ' A boom not a slump is the right time for austerity at the Treasury ' said Keynes .
Against this view , Keynes pointed out that interest-rate reductions may not do the job , because at zero or near-zero rates investors hoard cash rather than lend it out .
This is not `` irrational '' behavior .
Human beings would be more like the `` lilies of the field , who toil not , neither do they spin . ''
It is not clear why Keynes thought eight times the average British national income per head would be `` enough . ''
Keynes did not entirely ignore the social character of work . `` It will remain reasonable , '' he wrote , `` to be economically purposive for others after it has ceased to be reasonable for oneself . ''
Here I think Keynes comes closest to answering the question of why his `` enough '' will not , in fact , be enough .
The new assumption is that individuals will act not honorably , but gainfully : they will never miss an opportunity to turn a profit .
People who call for greater `` transparency '' do not understand that complexity is the enemy of transparency , just as simplicity is the hallmark of trust .
After all , human nature is not only inherently gainful , but also takes satisfaction in gain cunningly achieved -- for example , by finding ways round regulations .
Legislation or regulation aimed at restoring faith in the political class should be a last , not a first , resort .
A central bank can print money , but it can not ensure that the money it prints is spent .
In most countries , if a bank in which I place my money goes bust , the government , not the bank , compensates me .
In testimony to the Senate Banking Committee in early February , MIT 's Simon Johnson endorsed the Volcker approach , but also favored strengthening commercial banks ' capital ratios `` dramatically '' -- from about 7 % to 25 % -- and improving bankruptcy procedures through a `` living will , '' which would freeze some assets , but not others .
The classic case is Britain 's Royal Bank of Scotland , which is not an investment bank .
The remedy here is not to break up the banks , but to limit bank loans to this sector -- say , by forcing them to hold a certain proportion of mortgages on their books , and by increasing the capital that needs to be held against loans for commercial real estate .
Moreover , many countries with integrated banking systems did not have to bail out any of their financial institutions .
At root , the battle between the two approaches is a question of power , not of technical financial economics .
This is not just because the banking crisis in 1933 was greater than today 's crisis ; it is because much more powerful financial lobbies now stand between pen and policy .
The surprise is that the Conservatives are not polling far ahead of Labor .
But the statistics were not as good as they should have been .
Moreover , now is not the time for a political party to be seen to be in cahoots with the bankers .
Labor , by contrast , argues that immediate spending cuts would wreck the recovery -- that the hole in the economy , not the government budget deficit , is the problem needing most attention .
So , like St. Augustine , they promise virtue , but not until next year .
So the main parties vie with each other in their promises not to cut public services .
The Conservatives will not cut spending on health , international aid , and defense , similarly leaving unclear just where the cuts will be made .
But the intention to deceive , or even to make money , is not necessarily what has driven the recent explosion of financial innovation .
But complexity is not the only reason for obscurity .
In his famous essay `` Politics and the English Language , '' George Orwell pointed to the widespread use of euphemism , which means not calling a spade a spade .
As the historian Tony Judt points out : `` It 's not a ` different ' ability , it 's no ability .
After all , we attach moral value to processes as well as outcomes , as in the phrase `` the end does not justify the means . ''
The problem is not just the moral inadequacy of the economic virtues , but their disappearance . Hard work and inventiveness are still rewarded , but self-restraint , thrift , and prudence surely started to vanish with the first credit card .
But consumption is not an ethical aim .
It is not positively good to have five cars rather than one .
But this does not tell us at what point consumption tips us into a bad life .
For quality of life , we have to rely on morals , not markets .
We are told that capitalism discovers wants that people did not realize they had and thus moves humanity forward .
Moreover , the endowments that people bring with them to the market include not just their own innate qualities , but their starting positions , which are radically unequal .
Finally , the claim that everyone is -- under ideal conditions -- paid what they are worth is an economic , not a moral , valuation .
It does not conform to our moral intuition that a CEO should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers , or to our belief that if someone 's market-clearing wage is too low to support life , he should not be allowed to starve to death .
The market system does not guarantee this .
The solution is not to abolish markets , but to re-moralize wants .
LONDON -- All intellectual systems rely on assumptions that do not need to be spelled out because all members of that particular intellectual community accept them .
This question is not trivial , because the fiscal hair shirt has become the favored article of policy clothing among those who now dictate economic affairs .
Indeed , all Western governments , with the exception of the Obama administration , are committed to retrenchment -- and Obama can not get a new stimulus package through Congress .
Keynes pointed out the fallacy here : while the income derived from production is , by definition , equal to the value of production , it does not follow that all this income will be spent .
In a well-known passage , he wrote : `` An act of saving means ... a decision not to have dinner today .
But it does not necessitate a decision to have dinner or to buy a pair of boots a week hence ... Thus it depresses the business of preparing today 's dinner without stimulating the business of making ready for some future act of consumption . ''
It amounts to claiming that the factors of production will always be fully employed , and that , in Cochrane 's words , `` if the government borrows a dollar from you , that is a dollar that you do not spend , or that you do not lend to a company to spend on new investment . ''
This reinforces the idea that `` stimulus '' can not do any good , since workers have as much employment as they want .
The classical view of the economy , which Keynes set out to demolish , is not only alive , but in recent years has been dominant , feeding the belief that competitive markets can be left to regulate themselves , will always provide as much employment as is wanted , and are immune to large-scale collapse .
This also fuels opposition to government intervention , and to `` stimulus '' policies , which are supposedly redundant , if not harmful , since the events that require them can not happen -LRB- but do -RRB- .
When John Maynard Keynes talked of persistent under-employment , he did not mean that , following a big shock , economies stay frozen at one unchanging level of depressed activity .
Either way , a fiscal stimulus will not only have no effect ; the economy will be worse off , because public spending is inherently less efficient than private spending .
The Bulletin 's authors do not believe that a `` crowding out '' of this type actually happened over the last two years .
On the contrary , as they explain , if there are unemployed resources , extra government spending can `` crowd in '' private spending by creating additional demand that would otherwise not exist .
No matter how cheap it is for businessmen to borrow , they will not do so if they see no demand for their products .
The truth is that it is not fear of government bankruptcy , but governments ' determination to balance the books , that is reducing business confidence by lowering expectations of employment , incomes , and orders .
The problem is not the hole in the budget ; it is the hole in the economy .
Are they not exaggerated in today 's circumstances -LRB- except , possibly , in countries like Greece -RRB- ?
If so , is it not the duty of official bodies like the ECB to challenge irrational beliefs about the economy , rather than pander to them ?
Events and common sense drove them to deficit finance in 2009-2010 , but they have not abandoned the theory that depressions can not happen , and that deficits are therefore always harmful -LRB- except in war ! -RRB- .
Policymakers need to re-learn their Keynes , explain him clearly , and apply his lessons , not invent pseudo-rational arguments for prolonging the recession .
But it partly makes up for this by having a rather interesting public sphere , in which serious topics do get debated , and where glimpses of the great are not entirely confined to televised snippets .
The pessimists -- mainly Russian historians -- claimed that Russia would find it difficult , if not impossible , to overcome its legacy of autocracy .
Some radicals in Russia have rejected this historical determinism , arguing that we should not legitimize authoritarianism by reference to history .
It was Putin 's yoke , not history 's , which lay heavily on Russia .
Countries are not genetically programmed like animals .
He can not openly challenge Putin 's legacy , but he has to position himself as reaching beyond Putin .
Russia does not fit neatly into geopolitical categories , but remains too important to be ignored .
Unlike Great Britain in the nineteenth century , China does not view its surplus as an investment engine .
But all countries can not simultaneously run trade surpluses .
In the United States today , the belt is plenty big enough for the belly ... It is -LRB- not -RRB- the quantity of money , -LRB- but -RRB- the volume of expenditure which is the operative factor . ''
That question is not prompted by the worst economic slump since the 1930 's . Capitalism has always had crises , and will go on having them .
By `` better , '' I mean better ethically , not materially .
This is not to denigrate capitalism .
Public production is inferior to private production for any number of reasons , not least because it destroys choice and variety .
People do not form their preferences in isolation .
We ban pornography and restrict violence on TV , believing that they affect people negatively , yet we should believe that unrestricted advertising of consumer goods affects only the distribution of demand , but not the total ?
A person who devoted his life to making money was not regarded as a good role model .
One can imagine a society of private wealth holders , whose main objective is to lead good lives , not to turn their wealth into `` capital . ''
Financial services would shrink , because the rich would not always want to become richer .
Perhaps socialism was not an alternative to capitalism , but its heir .
It will inherit the earth not by dispossessing the rich of their property , but by providing motives and incentives for behavior that are unconnected with the further accumulation of wealth .
A `` strongman '' who can not keep order in the streets is of no use to anyone .
Journalists who claim otherwise are not a representative sample , even in Western countries .
They try to report the world as it is , but theirs is not the world of most people -- their business depends on the disruption of `` ordinary '' business , so they systematically underestimate people 's desire for law and order -LRB- or at least order -RRB- .
This is what they want to happen in Egypt , hoping that democracy will not jeopardize Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel .
But Western democracies ' combination of freedom and order -- the West 's most precious gift to the world -- is the product of a long history that can not be replicated in short order .
Most non-Western peoples rely upon the ruler 's personal virtues , not institutional limits on his power , to make their lives tolerable .
The US does not seek to create an empire in the old sense : America pursues an imperialism of the values that it holds dear .
But , taking the long view , can anyone doubt that the invasion had the effect of shaking up the pieces , not just in Iraq , but across the Islamic chessboard ?
That is why I am not at all sure that the street uprisings in Egypt , following those in Tunisia , and now spreading to other Muslim-majority countries , can be interpreted simply as traditional forms of protest against bad rulers .
But , taking the long view , the future surely does not lie with organizations like the Muslim Brotherhood .
But the decisive event for the revisionists was the collapse of the Soviet empire , which not only left the United States top dog globally , but also seemed , to the more philosophically minded , to vindicate Western civilization and values against all other civilizations and values .
Understandably , this thesis has not met with universal approbation .
The `` triumph of the West '' that followed the collapse of Communism in Europe was clearly not the `` end of history . '' As Ferguson must know , the main topic of discussion in international affairs nowadays concerns the `` rise '' of China , and more generally Asia , as well as the stirring of Islam .
Of course , a single short seller can not `` make '' the price of an asset -LRB- unless he is George Soros , whose famous bet against the British pound in 1992 made him a billionaire and forced Britain out of the European exchange-rate mechanism -RRB- .
This is not to deny that some governments have been living beyond their means , and that shorting their debt is how financial markets hold them accountable .
But , in the last resort , it is voters , not markets , which hold governments to account .
For politicians , the important thing is not to avoid taking hard decisions , but to do so of their own volition and at their own pace .
So the challenge now is to formulate policies to provide work for all who want it in economies that , as currently organized , may not be able to do so .
This will not be everyone 's cup of tea .
After all , both capitalism and economics need scarcity to justify their existence , and will not give it up readily .
Whereas in Muslim countries it is illegal to call the Armenian massacres of 1915-1917 `` genocide , '' in some Western countries it is illegal to say that they were not .
A public person must be on constant guard against causing offense , whether intentionally or not .
It is not the task of history to defend public order or morals , but to establish what happened . Legally protected history ensures that historians will play safe .
You know that a doctrine is in trouble when not even those claiming to defend it understand what it means .
No one who is not well versed in financial legerdemain can make much sense of this battle of the bonds .
When they became lending institutions , their earliest rule was to keep almost 100 % of cash reserves against their loans , so that they would not be caught short if most of their depositors decided to withdraw their money at the same time .
But , in the twentieth century , with greater security of conditions and continuous economic growth , it became normal for individuals , companies , and governments to borrow in anticipation of earnings -- to spend money they did not have , but that they expected to have .
But there is a contrary moral attitude , the essence of which is that , whereas excessive debt is to be deplored , the blame for it lies with the lender , not the borrower .
Thus , creditors -- mainly German and French banks -- are not expected to suffer losses on their existing loans , while borrowers gain more time to `` put their houses in order . ''
Unless a large part of its debt is forgiven , Greece will not regain creditworthiness .
It was write-offs and devaluations , not austerity programs , that allowed bond prices to recover .
Germans today would say that , unlike reparations , the Greek and Mediterranean debts were voluntarily incurred , not coerced .
This raises the question of justice , but not the economic consequences of insisting on payment .
The banks , however , are not just part of the problem , but an essential part of the solution .
It is impossible not to hear in such nonsense the cocksure drumbeat of the Money Power , which has never failed to identify the public interest with its own .
Moreover , whatever their intrinsic merits , none of these proposals addresses the global economy 's most immediate problem : undersupply , not oversupply , of credit .
Surprisingly , Gore did not include the Asian tsunami of 2004 , which claimed 225,000 lives .
His not so subliminal message was that these natural catastrophes foreshadow the end of the world .
This is not only dangerous , but incoherent .
Russia and China do not `` threaten '' the `` free world '' with a powerful ideology and massive armed forces , as they did during the Cold War .
Moreover , on issues like terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and climate change , the US needs Russian and Chinese help . Stigmatizing Russia and China as pariahs will not get them on board .
One can not imagine India or Brazil wanting to be part of any such a combination .
Moroever , they are `` our kind '' of democracy -- constitutional democracies that contain all the features we take for granted in modern Western systems , not `` Islamic democracies '' like Iran .
Members accept the obligation not to use force except in self-defense or unless it is authorized by the Security Council .
The US is frustrated by not being able to get its way at the UN .
I am all for spreading Western-style democracy , but not at the cost of making the world more warlike .
The classical economics of the 1920 's abstracted from the problem of unemployment by assuming that it did not exist .
They are intellectual butlers , serving the interests of those in power , not vigilant observers of shifting reality .
In Warsaw , too , students were protesting , but their cause was not the same as their Western counterparts .
Young Poles took to the streets of Warsaw not to chant `` Ho , Ho , Ho Chi Minh '' in solidarity with the Viet Cong , but rather to defend their own country 's freedom and culture against a smothering Communist rule .
Crucially , the protesters did not demand free elections .
But this totalitarian blitzkrieg could not last .
Democracy did not die ; it merely went underground .
Solidarity 's leader , Lech Wa??sa , did not surrender in prison and retained his national esteem .
But it took the Communists two more years to realize that they could not introduce economic reform without Solidarity 's assent .
The reason they were possible at all was that the opposition 's goal was not the violent overthrow of party rule .
Mikhail Gorbachev was important ; his non-intervention policy toward Eastern Europe meant that Soviet tanks would not annul the changes , as they had done with the Prague Spring .
The Polish Communists did not intend to build democracy ; their plan was to absorb moderate opposition groups into a partially modified political system .
A hangman 's noose did not await them .
If we can not do what it takes to make them more effective , we will increasingly find that nations will bypass them altogether .
But as the current UN mission in Lebanon -LRB- UNIFIL -RRB- well knows , defending yourself is not the same as protecting yourself from hostile fire in the first place .
The UN 's experience in Lebanon is not encouraging .
The UN insists that Resolution 1701 does not mandate that the UN disarm Hezbollah ; almost no nation other than Israel is willing to charge its soldiers with that task .
The UN provides the mechanism for a global response , but as Kofi Annan often repeats , it does not exist apart from its member states .
Our commitment to bring peace to the Middle East , or Darfur , or Congo , or Kosovo , or Haiti , is not measured by our words but by our wallets .
Lawyers can not practice without judges to hear their cases .
And clients will not bring those cases unless they believe that the judges are independent enough to decide cases on the merits , rather than on the basis of bribes or political considerations .
By contrast , in crises fueled by ethnic conflict , lawyers ' interests are not so clear .
Noting the convergence between ideals and interests does not in any way demean the Pakistani lawyers ' courage and the importance of their protests .
The coming weeks will reveal whether Pakistan 's new government has the courage and integrity not only to release the fired judges , but to restore them to the bench and perhaps to face their scrutiny down the road .
If they succeed , perhaps they should add a black border around the proud Islamic green of their flag -- the black not of mourning , but of justice .
But , over the last decade , the expectations raised by this mandate have not been met .
Some emerging economies did not let their currencies float but , instead , continued to peg them at undervalued exchange rates in order to promote their exports and build up reserves as a form of insurance in case of crisis .
Moreover , the IMF has not succeeded in convincing countries to pursue macroeconomic policies consistent with sustainable current-account positions .
This might be appropriate in times of systemic crisis , but it is not sustainable in normal times .
Dealing with the short-run challenges of the current crisis should not distract us from the objective of preventing future meltdowns .
As Tony Blair 's wife , Cherie Booth , herself a human rights lawyer , lamented , `` the majority of people feel that human rights are not relevant to their lives . ''
There is a lesson here : if it 's not broken , do n't fix it . Put another way , actions speak louder than words .
Blair 's behavior is not unique .
And judges can not strike down legislation .
There is only one kind of primary energy -LRB- energy embodied in natural resources -RRB- that was not known to the first high civilizations of the Middle East and East Asia and by all of their pre-industrial successors : isotopes of the heavy elements whose nuclear fission has been used since the late 1950 's to generate heat that , in turn , produces steam for modern electricity turbo-generators .
The fundamental difference between traditional and modern uses of energy consists not in access to new or better energy resources , but in the invention and mass deployment of efficient , affordable , reliable , and convenient `` prime movers , '' devices that convert primary energies into mechanical power , electricity , or heat .
Even today , for example , there are few indications that steam turbines will not continue to generate the bulk of our electricity in the decades ahead , or that gas turbines will be replaced anytime soon .
Recent developments show that even automotive internal combustion engines will not yield to electric motors or fuel cells as rapidly as many enthusiasts have hoped .
The European Commission 's energy proposals , issued in January , are a step in the right direction . But they will have little direct effect on Russia 's energy relations with Europe , because they do not oblige Russia to adopt more competitive and transparent energy transport and investment policies .
Whether or not the crisis of European solidarity is real is a fundamental question , because the EU will not survive without solidarity , at least not as we know it .
Its objective is not to ensure the equality of citizens ' rights , but to guarantee minimum life conditions .
But the difference in treatment of the current candidate countries does not just reflect budgetary problems .
The traditional Atlantic alliance was replaced by what the US called `` coalitions of the willing , '' where `` the mission determines the coalition , '' not historic alliances .
But they are not going to change their policy to help Kerry win , and they wo n't change even if he does .
Europe can not give an openly negative answer to Kerry 's request for help , because that would be a slap in the face to the most pro-European American likely to be elected president anytime soon .
Such a rejection would not only put transatlantic relations even more at risk than they are today ; it would also put relations between European countries in peril .
The US must accept this principle , and recognize that Europe is a partner , not merely a servant , whether willing or unwilling , of American orders .
Europe , for its part , must not only show that it feels responsible for the world , but that it is ready and willing to act accordingly by contributing in a significant way to reconstructing Iraq .
To say that they were implies three things : top bank executives were rewarded for short-term results with large amounts of up-front cash ; bank executives did not hold sufficiently large amounts of stock to align their interests with those of shareholders ; and executives with more short-term pay and less stock ownership should have had the greatest incentive to take bad and excessive risks , and thus should have performed worse in the crisis .
So , if pay and front-loaded incentives were not the reason that banks ' CEOs got their firms -LRB- and the world -RRB- into a mess , what was ?
Banks serve a special function in the economy that does warrant a special role for the government : not in setting pay , but in imposing effective capital requirements .
In issuing contingent capital , banks would have to pay a higher interest rate than they would on ordinary long-term debt , because debt investors will face the true cost of capital , not the government-subsidized cost .
Debt investors , not the government , would have bailed out the banks , making the financial crisis substantially smaller , if it had occurred at all .
So Megawati need not worry about being ejected from office as her predecessor Abdurrahman Wahid was , just a few months ago .
So Amien Rais ' assurance that Megawati will remain president until 2004 will not have injected a greater urgency into her presidency .
It may not remain so without a firm policy hand at the center .
However , the deep wounds of the past few years of violence will not heal unless serious efforts are made by the government in Jakarta to bring human rights abusers to justice .
Such inaction can not last if national unity is to be maintained .
Regional autonomy , moreover , has not pacified ethnic tensions .
They are not yet a serious threat to Megawati , only because they are not backed by Indonesia 's powerful Islamic political parties .
MADRID -- Humanity 's main concerns today are not so much concrete evils as indeterminate threats . We are not worried by visible dangers , but by vague ones that could strike when least expected -- and against which we are insufficiently protected .
The weak , when certain that they can not win , can hurt the strongest -- and even make them lose . In contrast to the centuries-old Westphalian order of nation-states , in which each state 's specific weight was the determining factor , in a world of interdependency , the security , economic stability , health , and environment of the strongest is continually a hostage of the weakest .
Not surprisingly , a contagious globalization that increases vulnerability inevitably triggers preventive and defensive strategies that are not always proportionate or reasonable . The xenophobia and chauvinism that some of the defensive strategies can awaken may end up doing more harm than the threats from which they were intended to protect us .
So , in this era of global warming , smart bombs , cyber warfare , and worldwide epidemics , our societies must be protected with more complex and subtle strategies . We can not continue to pursue strategies that ignore our common exposure to global risks , and the resulting environment of mutual dependence .
The challenge of governing global risks is nothing less than the challenge of preventing the `` end of history '' -- not as the placid apotheosis of liberal democracy 's global victory , but as the worst collective failure we can imagine .
The Assad government does not hesitate to fire on civilians , lay siege to cities , or shut off their electricity and water .
Of course , there is no `` one size fits all '' model for intervention , but that does not justify evading our `` responsibility to protect '' -- a fine concept promoted by former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and adopted by all UN member states in 2005 .
The sanctions adopted by the EU and the US against Assad 's regime are not enough .
But this change in global governance must not be limited to economic policymaking .
Despite our growing interconnectedness , the UN Security Council has not yet been unable to achieve sufficient consensus to resolve pressing matters such as Syria .
But there are no detours : without effective structures of power and a genuine commitment from all players , the future does not look promising for global stability and prosperity .
MADRID -- This month , the International Energy Agency will publish its annual report , the internationally definitive World Energy Outlook , which will confirm that we are not on the right track to reduce global warming .
But energy is fundamental for humanity , not only because of its potentially negative externalities , but also given its economic relevance : Western countries spend 8-10 % of their GDP on energy , and developing countries spend double or triple that amount .
Owing mainly to its environmentally negative externalities , an unregulated energy market is not a useful governing mechanism , because it is unable to internalize the environmental costs .
A radioactive leak , the rupture of an undersea oil well and , above all , CO2 emissions do not threaten just one country .
The intergovernmental Energy Charter Treaty , which obliges signatories to apply impartial market rules to energy products and services , has not been signed by the US , the world 's second-largest energy consumer , or ratified by Russia , the world 's largest oil producer .
From the Industrial Revolution until very recently , the West 's development was free of any environmental restrictions , and the emerging countries believe that they should not have to bear the adjustment cost .
At the UNFCCC 's meeting in Durban , all countries -- developed , emerging , with or without natural resources -- must join together to ensure that when the other crises currently roiling the world are finally resolved , the biggest crisis of all does not catch us off guard .
But widespread sharing is not always needed or appropriate .
Member states also need intelligence derived from ongoing casework , not to inform policy , at least not directly , but to disrupt and dismantle networks and prevent attacks .
This information is in many ways more sensitive , and services share it on a `` need to know '' basis , not for the sake of promoting cooperation .
But this does not mean that the Union has become introverted .
Still , I am not complacent .
I firmly believe that the military option alone can not defeat terror .
These are not two fights , but one .
We deploy army or navy personnel when and where they are needed but our business is peace-building not waging war .
The EU is not a military alliance .
The US is not waging a war against terrorism ; it is at `` war against a specific network , al Qaida , and its affiliates . ''
This approach does not have unanimous support among international experts .
Military action can not be considered the only variable of success .
Change will not occur from one day to the next , but the results obtained in the end will be better and more enduring .
We are in a transition period : international interconnection is increasing , as the global economic crisis has shown , but the management tools and mechanisms to guarantee the smooth operation of governments are still not being shared .
The road ahead is not free of difficulties , but the Strategy represents a decisive step towards solving the challenges of the twenty-first century and preparing us for the world of tomorrow .
While an agreement has been reached -LRB- 2013 has been set as the year to reduce budget deficits by half ; 2016 to stabilize sovereign debt -RRB- , consensus is not headed in the right direction .
I know very well that this is not an easy task , but it is essential for world leaders -- not markets -- to lead reforms .
Lack of agreement on the United Nations Security Council resolution against Iran does not help coordination and cooperation within the G-20 , either .
A G-20 summit is not something that happens every day .
The world remains in a very delicate transitional phase , and it is not clear yet in which direction the G-20 will lean .
The Saint Malo Declaration signaled that the EU 's leading military powers were prepared to develop their own defense policy , though one not fully autonomous of NATO .
The Franco-British treaties do not address commitments to NATO , a key US interest , because any reduction in the number of European troops deployed abroad inevitably implies a greater economic burden for the US .
MADRID\/WASHINGTON , DC -- As revolutionary change sweeps across the Arab world , it is easy to think that now is not the time to push for peace between Israel and Palestine .
For the US , sympathy for Arab publics yearning for freedom can not exclude compassion for Palestinians dreaming of lives of dignity , which for them includes ending the occupation .
The US should not be selective in its support for freedom and democracy .
This has never been more true than today , and if America is not seen as an avid supporter of a two-state solution , it will stay well behind the curve and damage its own interests in the Middle East .
Tomorrow 's Middle East will not be the same as it was a mere two months ago , but the shape the region will ultimately take is unknown .
In the end , an uprising against poor governance presents an opening to achieve not only democracy , but also stability and peace .
Indeed , without the attraction of the EU -- its `` soft '' power -- such changes would not have occurred .
In 1999 , Turkey did not want to become an accession candidate , because its leaders thought that the conditions would be too tough .
That does not mean meeting every now and then to decide how to handle a certain problem .
Most European policies , however , do not sit well with the spirit of such commitments .
The EU may not have imposed sweeping quotas and tariffs , but powerful `` behind the border '' protectionism has emerged in the form of subsidies , bailouts , `` buy national '' injunctions , and new restrictions on foreign direct investment .
For example , the financial crisis has not forced member states to converge their national systems of financial regulation , an omission that militates against a common European vision for remodeled global financial cooperation .
But overall , increasing responsiveness -- if clearly not in a democratic mode -- has managed to maintain the instability that does exist at a level and within a scope that marks a game of unwritten rules -- one of complainants confining their choler within understood bounds and of the government watchful over an ever-simmering stew .
Yet green jobs are not enough .
The population at large just does not understand what links raising the retirement age with the crisis .
It needs to be explained why the euro remains the best protection there is against inflation , the most dangerous social ill of all ; why government stimulus will not work and never actually has delivered sustained growth ; and why a new equilibrium between welfare and economic dynamism -- based on less public debt and more private investment -- must be established .
Such a discourse , if clearly articulated , would be understood and could be endorsed by many , if not by all .
Would such an articulate vision make Europe 's leaders more popular ? Maybe , and maybe not , but they would almost certainly appear more legitimate , even in the eye of their adversaries .
But in China or Russia , the Internet is patrolled not by unsolicited peddlers , but by the police .
So Russian human-rights activists and the environmental organization Baikal Environmental Wave should not have been surprised when , earlier this month , flesh and blood policemen -- not Internet bots -- confiscated their computers and the files stored within them .
You see , they were using Microsoft-equipped computers and could not prove that the software had not been pirated .
By confiscating the computers , the Russian police could supposedly verify whether or not the Microsoft software that the activists were using had been installed legally .
Microsoft 's authorized representatives declared that they could not oppose the Russian police actions , because the Seattle-based company had to abide by Russian law .
Clearly , human-right activists in Russia can not and should not count on Microsoft as an ally in their efforts to build a more open society .
Shi Tao , in his jail cell , was undoubtedly pleased to learn that China is ruled by law , not by the Communist Party .
On Google . cn , these sources , along with the results of searches using many other forbidden terms , simply did not appear .
But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market .
In the end , Google , not the Chinese Communist Party , lost face .
Microsoft in Russia or Google in China teach us that capitalism is not ethical : it is only efficient .
Entrepreneurs are greedy by definition : if they were not , they would go bankrupt .
In Asia , however , Japan 's leaders are not waiting for the Seoul summit to take a closer look at South Korea .
One could argue that South Korea is not yet a mature economy and is only catching up with a more advanced Japan .
Whereas China 's growth is fueled by low-cost labor as millions of peasants enter the industrial economy , this is not the South Korean recipe for success , which has been driven by private entrepreneurship , innovation , and quality products : Samsung and Hyundai , not cheap wages , are South Korea 's growth engines .
One would thus expect Japan to be anxiety-ridden , but it is not .
Companies reduce their superfluous employees ' annual bonuses , but do not get rid of them .
Young Japanese tend not to work before their 30 's , and married women stay at home .
Political parties that rely on an aging constituency are not tempted to call for change . The sort of shaky short-term political coalitions that rule Japan nowadays prefer to buy time through so-called public stimulus , or to preserve inefficient companies with subsidies .
This second Edo era may sound like a poetic utopia , but it has some influence : Sakakibara observes that Japanese students do not study abroad anymore , and that `` nobody learns English . ''
That is a worrying trend , and not only for Japan : South Korea can hardly stand alone as the lone Asian democracy .
If the Japanese do not wake up from their Edo dream , Asia might very well become a Chinese empire .
Born in 1945 in post-war Britain , the welfare state met its end in Britain this week , when British Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne repudiated the concept of the `` universal benefit , '' the idea that everyone , not just the poor , should benefit from social protection .
Those below the poverty line do not receive cash , but only in-kind support .
But , like it or not , the Front is a legal party .
Gaullists and Socialists are proud that they never compromised with Jean-Marie Le Pen , but he would not have negotiated with them , anyway .
Le Pen 's ambition was always to `` save '' France , not to become Minister of Tourism .
Sarkozy 's attempt to co-opt far-right rhetoric on security and immigration has not worked , because , when it comes to national chauvinism , the French prefer its authentic purveyors .
Expulsion of immigrants has not .
True , the General had been called upon and elected by the floundering French Parliament . But pressure from the French army , and rebellion in Algeria , did not give Parliament much of a choice .
But public opinion was not prepared for that , and the heirs to the French crown were not up to the task .
The philosophers who were the intellectual fathers of the 1789 revolution longed not for democracy , but for enlightened despotism , which is what many French still look for when they elect a president .
Despots in Arab countries , China , and Russia do not shock the French .
The United Kingdom may be the exception , though the pro-market Labor Party shaped by Tony Blair may not count as a party of the left anymore .
The Socialists blame greedy financiers , but who does not ?
In terms of remedies , the Socialists do not offer anything more than the Keynesian solutions that are now being proposed by the right .
The ideological weakness and division of the left will not , of course , exclude them from power .
The Real Che Guevara PARIS -- Hollywood history is often nonsensical , but filmmakers usually have the good sense not to whitewash killers and sadists .
In medieval Spain , Quixote-like knights probably did roam the countryside , ridding it not of dragons but of the land 's few remaining Muslims .
Karl Marx certainly was not one . True to their movement 's founding prophet , Stalin , Mao , Castro , and Che held no respect for life .
Likewise , Che could kill with a shrug . Trained as a medical doctor in Argentina , he chose not to save lives but to suppress them .
He did not care about Cuba 's economy or its people : his purpose was to pursue revolution for its own sake , whatever it meant , like art for art 's sake .
Latin America is not yet cured of these unintended consequences of Guevarism .
Berlusconi may not be the most refined of Italians , but after many trials it has never been proven that he committed any crime .
Kirchner is not above suspicion , but the judges ' lack of a watertight legal case raises suspicions of a political motive .
Of course , not all judges and prosecutors engage in nakedly partisan activities .
As American and British troops prepare to invade Iraq , public opinion in these countries does not support war without UN authorization . The rest of the world is overwhelmingly opposed to war .
To be sure , the Bush doctrine is not stated starkly ; it is buried in Orwellian doublespeak .
This belief is not false but it exaggerates one aspect of reality to the exclusion of others . The aspect it stresses is military power .
The idea that might is right can not be reconciled with the idea of an open society . Hence the need for Orwellian doublespeak .
If you are not with us , you are with the terrorists , he proclaims .
Of course , the presence of extremist views in the executive branch does not make America a totalitarian state .
Bubbles do not arise out of thin air . They have a solid basis in reality , but misconception distorts reality .
Afghanistan has been liberated , but law and order has not been established beyond Kabul . Indeed , President Karzai must be protected by American bodyguards .
It is not too late to prevent the boom-bust process from getting out of hand .
That is what the French propose , but that is not what is going to happen .
In the long run , open society can not survive unless the people who live in it believe in it .
But this will clearly not be able to prevent a big further deterioration in the country 's debt\/GDP ratio , especially as high interest rates push Brazil into recession .
Brazil 's problems can not be blamed on anything Brazil has done wrong ; responsibility falls squarely on international financial authorities .
Admittedly , Brazil may soon elect a president that global financial markets do not like ; but if international financial markets take precedence over democratic choice , the system is undoubtedly flawed .
Under the influence of market fundamentalism , the IMF does not benefit all of its members sufficiently .
It is designed to preserve international financial markets , not the stability of emerging economies on the periphery .
A primary surplus of 3.75 % then becomes the maximum , not the minimum , that can be exacted , and it can support real interest rates of not more than 10 % .
The risk would be minimized by not raising the amount the central banks are willing to lend in line with the rise in market prices .
It is not too late to adopt it .
This is why financial markets can not be left to their own devices .
At the same time , Brazil - which has followed sound economic policies and has healthy budget and trade surpluses - can not refinance its debt at acceptable rates .
It is now recognized that this can lead to what economists call `` multiple equilibria , '' but we continue to deny the clear implication that financial markets can not be left to their own devices .
Countries that can not borrow in international markets in their own currency lack that power .
That crisis was attributed not to instability in the financial markets and the lopsidedness of the system , but to the `` moral hazard '' introduced by IMF bail-outs .
If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10 % , Brazil can not be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system .
Countries that follow sound macroeconomic policies do not derive sufficient economic benefits from doing so .
I am afraid globalization may not survive unless we find new ways to stimulate the global economy .
An estimated 600,000 Roma children of primary school age living in the EU accession countries are not attending school at all .
Of those that go , most do not complete primary school , and less than 1 % across Central and Eastern Europe go on to higher education .
Others are wrongly placed in schools for the mentally and physically disabled , merely because they had no access to preschool , or because they do not speak the majority language .
We can not afford to leave the Roma behind .
I recognize that every new regulation has unintended adverse consequences , but this does not mean reform should be abandoned .
But the initiative can not fulfill its great promise as long as it stays within the Brussels bureaucracy .
This is of vital interest to Europe but it can not succeed without adequate political and financial support .
Association Agreements , although desirable , may not be adequate , as the EU 's Balkan experiences indicate .
Conditionality may not be the right word to describe the relationship , because it implies that certain conditions must be met before the Union bestows benefits .
Today , however , the EU must take the initiative and offer incentives ; concessions could then be withdrawn if expectations are not fulfilled .
While the EU can not hold out the prospect of membership , Russia is happy to offer membership in a reconstituted empire .
Such inducements are not hard to find : greater access to Europe 's common market , more favorable visa regimes , job and immigration opportunities , access to capital , cultural contacts , and technical assistance .
Admittedly , the Union 's budget does not have space for the Wider Europe Initiative before 2007 , but where there is a will there is a way .
Georgia 's peaceful revolution is not replicable elsewhere , but it has made neighboring regimes nervous .
September 11 was a traumatic event that shook the nation to its core . But it would not have changed the course of history for the worse if President Bush had not responded as he did .
What happened at Abu Ghraib was not a case of a few bad apples , but a pattern tolerated and even encouraged by American authorities .
This fact is unrecognized at home because the victims of the war on terror are not Americans .
But the rest of the world does not draw the same distinction , and world opinion has turned against America .
Perhaps Bush did not personally recognize this , but Vice President Dick Cheney and a group of extremists concentrated in and around the Pentagon did .
These people are guided by the belief that international relations are relations of power , not law .
Invading Iraq could not be similarly justified .
If America had really cared for the Iraqi people , more troops would have been sent to provide protection not only for the Ministry of Oil , but for museums and hospitals , too .
This is the state of mind that Bush sought to foster when he declared that those who are not `` with us '' are with the terrorists .
That attitude can not be reconciled with an open society , a concept based on the recognition that nobody possesses ultimate truth .
It is not enough to reject the Bush administration 's policies ; Americans must reaffirm the values and principles of an open society .
The war on terror is an aberration . America must defend itself against terrorist attacks , but that can not be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence .
The main threat to America 's dominant position comes not from outside , but from within .
If Americans want to preserve their privileged position , they must not use it to dictate to the rest of the world , but for the well being of others .
Americans can not do anything they want , but little can be done without US leadership or active participation .
Instead of undermining and demeaning international institutions because they do not necessarily follow America 's will , the US should strengthen and improve them .
I have never been heavily involved in partisan politics , but these are not normal times .
Bush likes to insist that terrorists hate Americans for what they are - a freedom loving people - not what they do .
His campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
It is a war of choice , not necessity .
Weapons of mass destruction could not be found , and the connection with al Qaeda could not be established .
But democracy can not be imposed by force .
We should have provided protection not only for the oil ministry , but also other ministries , museums , and hospitals .
Top military and diplomatic experts desperately warned Bush not to invade Iraq .
There is a bow to diplomacy in the assurance that fulfilling this mission `` is not primarily the task of arms , though we will defend our friends and ourselves by force of arms when necessary . ''
Similarly , Bush recognizes that outsiders can not force liberty on people .
America will not impose our own style of government on the unwilling .
It is not only that there is a large gap between official words and deeds ; I find that the words sometimes directly contradict the deeds in a kind of Orwellian doublespeak .
Paradoxically , the most successful open society in the world , the US , does not properly understand the first principles of an open society ; indeed , its current leadership actively disavows them .
This has left the US not only deeply divided , but also at loggerheads with much of the rest of the world , which considers our policies high-handed and arbitrary .
But the critical process that is at the core of an open society -- which the US abandoned for eighteen months after September 11 , 2001 -- can not be forsaken .
America can not do whatever it wants , as the Iraqi debacle has demonstrated ; but , at the same time , nothing much can be achieved in the way of international cooperation without US leadership , or at least active participation .
But the massive scale of the challenges facing Afghanistan should not overshadow the opportunities for positive change .
It also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women -- this in a country where , just five years ago , women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative .
Implementation of this plan would not only give a boost to the rule of law , but also would enhance security and lead to better governance .
For their sake , and ours , we must not let them down .
No sooner was the controversy over the creation of a Human Rights Council satisfactorily resolved than a new battle has erupted . The United States is pressing for administrative reforms and threatening to cut off funding if the reforms are not forthcoming .
This solution would not only permit the much-needed administrative reforms to be implemented ; it would also bring clarity and transparency to a process that is in great need of improvement .
Yet al-Qaeda has not been subdued , as was shown by the recent plot to blow up United States-bound commercial flights from London .
While we seem not to notice that we also become perpetrators in the process , much of the rest of the world does notice â ¤ '' a gap in perception that has severely weakened America 's international credibility and standing .
Taken together , these factors ensure that the war on terror can not be won .
On the contrary , an endless war waged against an unseen enemy is doing great damage not only to our authority and prestige in the world , but also to our own society .
It is not our will that is being tested , but our understanding of reality .
But not admitting it is bound to prove even more painful in the long run .
Although its guiding principles have not been enshrined in a constitution , even this may be appropriate to an open society because , as Popper argued , our imperfect understanding does not permit permanent and eternally valid definitions of social arrangements .
The EU can not possibly take the place of the US as the world 's leader .
Although most of its citizens do not realize it , the EU serves as an inspiring example .
In the meantime , the absence of institutional reform should not be allowed to serve as a pretext for inaction .
For example , Europe has made little progress in formulating a common energy policy , leaving it increasingly dependent on Russia , which has not hesitated to exploit its bargaining position .
Needless to say , a common EU foreign policy should not be anti-American .
As a result , political discourse , even in democratic societies , does not necessarily lead to a better understanding of reality .
The reason democratic politics leads to manipulation is that politicians do not aspire to tell the truth . They want to win elections , and the best way to do that is to skew reality to their own benefit .
This insight should lead us not to abandon the concept of open society , but to revise and reaffirm the case for it .
The separation of powers , free speech , and free elections alone can not ensure open society ; a strong commitment to the pursuit of truth is also required .
We need to introduce new ground rules for political discourse . These can not be identical to scientific method , but they should be similar in character , enshrining the pursuit of truth as the criteria on which political views are to be judged .
What we have learned from recent years ' experience -- what we should have known all along -- is that the supremacy of critical thought in political discourse can not be taken for granted .
The theory holds that financial markets do not tend towards equilibrium .
Biased views and misconceptions among market participants introduce uncertainty and unpredictability not only into market prices , but also into the fundamentals that those prices are supposed to reflect .
This is an obvious misconception , because it was the intervention of the authorities that prevented financial markets from breaking down , not the markets themselves .
Market-neutral hedge funds turned out not to be market-neutral and had to be unwound .
The final blow came when interbank lending , which is at the heart of the financial system , was disrupted because banks had to husband their resources and could not trust their counterparties .
Paulson 's record does not inspire the confidence necessary to give him discretion over $ 700billion .
Unless the Treasury overpays for the securities , the scheme would not bring relief .
By contrast , the addition of $ 700billion on the demand side may not be sufficient to arrest the decline of housing prices .
This arrangement created an immediate and severe financial crisis in the new European Union member states that have not yet joined the euro .
The euro zone 's bond and bill markets would complement but not replace individual states ' existing government bond markets .
Euro-zone bonds could be used to assist the new EU states that have not yet joined the common currency area .
This step was necessary , but it produced unintended adverse consequences : many other countries , from Eastern Europe to Latin America , Africa , and Southeast Asia , could not offer similarly convincing guarantees .
Countries on the periphery tend to be poorer and more dependent on commodities than the more developed world , and they must repay more than $ 1.4 trillion in bank loans in 2009 alone . These loans can not be rolled over without international assistance .
This will be sufficient to enable the IMF to come to the aid of specific countries in trouble , but it will not provide a systemic solution without conditionality .
Countries that are in a position to create their own money do not need them , but the periphery countries do .
This would not create a budget deficit for rich countries .
What made this collapse so remarkable is that it was not caused by some external factor , but originated within the financial system itself and spread from there throughout the global economy .
We now know that they are not .
While markets are imperfect , regulators are not only human but bureaucratic and subject to political influence .
Second , controlling asset bubbles requires control not only of the money supply , but also of the availability of credit .
Regulators , by contrast , can not ignore these imbalances , because if too many participants are on the same side , positions can not be liquidated without causing a discontinuity or , worse , financial collapse .
Some derivatives , particularly credit default swaps should not be traded at all .
People buy CDS contracts not because they expect a default , but because they expect the CDS to appreciate in response to adverse developments .
The US ought not to shy away from wider use of IMF Special Drawing Rights .
The range of currencies included in the SDRs would have to be widened , and some of the newly added currencies , including the renminbi , may not be fully convertible . This would , however , allow the international community to press China to abandon its exchange-rate peg to the dollar and would be the best way to reduce international imbalances .
The system can not survive in its present form , and the US has more to lose by not being in the forefront of reforming it .
The financial crisis has inflicted hardship on a population that does not like to face harsh reality .
After all , the financial system did not collapse altogether , and the Obama administration made a conscious decision to revive banks with hidden subsidies rather than to recapitalize them on a compulsory basis .
But that may not continue indefinitely -- and the rest of the world will never subordinate its freedom to the prosperity of the Chinese state .
The only relevant comparisons are with the Japanese real-estate bubble , which burst in 1991 -LRB- and from which Japan has not recovered -RRB- , and the Great Depression of the 1930 's -- except that this crisis has been quantitatively much larger and qualitatively different .
Unfortunately , the recovery is liable to run out of steam , and may even be followed by a second economic downturn , though I am not sure whether it will occur in 2010 or 2011 .
Most people have not yet realized that this crisis is different from previous ones -- that we are at the end of an era .
But this crisis was much bigger , and the same techniques did not work .
That is when the crisis spread to the periphery of the world economy , because countries on the periphery could not provide equally credible guarantees .
Humpty Dumpty can not be put together again .
That is why it broke down , and that is why it can not be put together again .
This means that it is not enough to restart a mechanism that has stalled ; we need to create a regulatory mechanism that has never existed .
Businesses would move to countries where the regulatory climate is the most benign , exposing other countries to risks that they can not afford to run .
Globalization was successful because it forced countries to remove regulations ; but the process does not work in reverse .
This can be seen in Europe , where the European Union 's member states can not agree among themselves on a uniform set of financial rules .
But that is not the case .
Spending it would not add to any country 's fiscal deficit . All they need to do is to tap into it .
These technical difficulties stood in the way of previous attempts to put the SDRs to practical use , but they do not apply to the proposed green fund .
Spanish Leadership for Europe 's Roma NEW YORK -- Continued discrimination against Roma in Europe not only violates human dignity , but is a major social problem crippling thedevelopment of Eastern European countries with large Roma populations .
Yet this is not enough to reverse a rising tide of violence and discrimination , compounded by the recent economic recession .
This is not only a human rights issue , but also an economic one . Following current demographic trends , by 2040 , Roma will comprise roughly 40 % of Hungary 's working-age population .
The key to success is the education of a new generation of Roma who do not seek toassimilate into the general population , but deliberately retain their identity as Roma.Edu cated , successful Roma will shatter the prevailing negative stereotypes by their very existence .
The Fund plans to double its activities in the next five years , but , again , this is not enough .
Otmar Issing , one of the fathers of the common currency , correctly stated the principle on which it was founded : the euro was meant to be a monetary union , but not a political one .
The treasury need not be used to tax citizens on an everyday basis , but it needs to be available in times of crisis .
If member countries can not take the next steps forward , the euro may fall apart , with adverse consequences for the EU .
The European authorities accepted a plan that would reduce the deficit gradually , but the markets were not reassured .
With the risk premium at current levels , there is a real danger that Greece may not be able to extricate itself from its predicament , regardless of what it does , because further budget cuts would further depress economic activity , reducing tax revenues and worsening the debt-to-GDP ratio .
Given that danger , the risk premium will not revert to its previous level in the absence of outside assistance .
But Ecofin has not yet found the mechanism for doing so , because the current institutional arrangements do not provide one -- although the Lisbon Treaty establishes a legal basis for it .
Whether or not Goldman is guilty , the transaction in question clearly had no social benefit .
This synthetic collateralized debt obligation -LRB- CDO -RRB- did not finance the ownership of any additional homes or allocate capital more efficiently ; it merely swelled the volume of mortgage-backed securities that lost value when the housing bubble burst .
Such activity can not be allowed to continue .
The subsequent introduction of circuit-breakers tacitly acknowledged that derivatives can cause disruptions , but the proper conclusions were not drawn .
It will be the task of regulators to understand derivatives and synthetic securities , and to refuse to allow their creation if they can not fully evaluate the systemic risks .
That task can not be left to investors , contrary to the diktats of the market fundamentalist dogma that prevailed until recently .
This is an excellent proposal that would go a long way in reducing the interconnectedness of markets , thereby preventing financial contagion , but it would not regulate derivatives .
Of course , these considerations ought not to influence the legislation .
Capital fled from the countries that were not in a position to offer similar guarantees , but interest-rate differentials within the eurozone remained minimal .
But the markets have not been reassured , because Germany dictated the Fund 's terms and made them somewhat punitive .
Germany can not be blamed for wanting a strong currency and a balanced budget , but as the strongest and most creditworthy country , it is unwittingly imposing its deflationary policies on the rest of the eurozone .
Moreover , convicted criminals are not routinely deported if they are citizens of another EU member state .
Of course , European societies should not tolerate criminality and anti-social behavior .
In 2009 , the EU endorsed the principle of `` explicit but not exclusive targeting '' for Roma , and the European Commission allowed structural funds to be used to cover housing interventions in favor of marginalized communities , with a particular focus on Roma .
This is a welcome step and `` explicit but not exclusive targeting '' should be extended to education , health care , and employment .
The greatest divide between the Roma and majority populations is not one of culture or lifestyle -- as is so often portrayed by the media -- but poverty and inequality .
The divide is physical , not just mental .
The plight of the Roma is not just a short-term security problem that can be addressed by draconian measures to move people forcibly from one member state to another .
Europe can not afford another lost generation .
Brazil 's finance minister speaks of a latent currency war , and he is not far off the mark : it is in the currency markets that different economic policies and different economic and political systems interact and clash .
China 's leaders need to recognize that their country can not continue rising without paying more attention to the interests of its trading partners .
Whether it recognizes it or not , China has emerged as a world leader .
The chances of a positive outcome are not good , yet we must strive for it , because , in the absence of international cooperation , the world is headed for a period of great turbulence and disruption .
The euro was supposed to bring about economic convergence , but it produced divergences instead , because its architects did not realize that imbalances may emerge not only in the public sector , but in the private sector as well .
Besides the lack of a common treasury , the euro suffers from other shortcomings , which the authorities do not seem to have fully understood .
The authorities are confronted by not only a currency crisis , but also a banking crisis and a crisis in macroeconomic theory .
These two structural changes may not be sufficient to provide the eurozone countries in need of rescue an escape route from their predicament .
CANCÚN -- The official communiqué from the Cancún climate-change conference can not disguise the fact that there will be no successor to the Kyoto Protocol when it expires at the end of 2012 .
Currently , the dispute revolves around how governments will deliver $ 100 billion annually by 2020 to help developing countries confront climate change , given that even the $ 10 billion Fast Track Fund can not be cobbled together without using smoke and mirrors .
That is not the case .
Individual countries like Germany are making binding unilateral commitments that are not conditional on what other countries do , and `` coalitions of the willing '' are being formed to tackle particular sectors .
These efforts can serve as a prototype for assisting other countries such as Guyana , where the current forest-preservation scheme does not work so well .
Eventually , it should lead to the establishment of a global fund for rain forests and agricultural adaptation because the benefits of carbon abatement accrue to mankind as a whole , not to individual countries .
The global imbalances that were at the root at the Crash of 2008 have not been corrected -- indeed , some have grown larger .
The US , in turn , can not understand why China should be so reluctant to allow the renminbi to appreciate , as doing so would help to dampen inflationary pressures .
As things stand now , each country is pursuing policies that do not help the other and are suboptimal for their own economies .
But macroeconomic policy is not the only area that would benefit from better understanding between the two countries .
But China has become a great power , with all the obligations for maintaining world order that go with it , whether or not the leadership acknowledges it .
China ought to regard this not as a burdensome necessity , but as an inspiration to greatness .
By contrast , when it comes to military might , China will not be a match for the US for some time to come .
Indeed , Europe faces not only an economic and financial crisis , but also , as a result , a political crisis . The various member states have forged widely different policies , which reflect their views rather than their true national interests -- a clash of perceptions that carries the seeds of serious political conflict .
But this ignores Germany 's major share of responsibility for the currency and banking crises , if not for the sovereign-debt crisis .
Germany is imposing these arrangements under severe domestic pressure , but the German public has not been told the truth , and is therefore confused .
In reality , in far too many countries , ordinary citizens do not benefit from any of this money ; in fact , they must bear the brunt of the environmental and social costs imposed by mining and drilling operations .
This will help citizens track how that money is used , but it will not help them to assess whether their governments are collecting a fair share .
The importance of financial transparency in the extractive industries is not limited to one country or era -- and it is too important to be left to voluntary efforts alone .
That is not what happened , because the euro had other deficiencies of which its architects were unaware .
If this seemingly inexorable process is to be arrested and reversed , both Greece and the eurozone must urgently adopt a Plan B. A Greek default may be inevitable , but it need not be disorderly .
An open society does not treat prevailing arrangements as sacrosanct ; it allows for alternatives when those arrangements fail .
The governments of the eurozone have taken some significant steps in the right direction to resolve the euro crisis but , obviously , they did not go far enough to reassure the markets .
And the new mechanism will not be operative until September at the earliest .
Perhaps most worryingly , Europe finally recognized the principle -- long followed by the IMF -- that countries in bailout programs should not be penalized on interest rates , but the same principle was not extended to countries that are not yet in bailout programs .
ECB intervention helped , but it did not cure the problem .
The euro crisis had its origin in German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's decision , taken in the aftermath of Lehman Brothers ' default in September 2008 , that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the European Union , but from each country separately .
That will not come easily : Merkel , after all , read the German public 's mood correctly when she made her fateful decision , and the domestic political atmosphere has since become even more inhospitable to extending credit to the rest of Europe .
Chancellor Angela Merkel may not be able to persuade her entire coalition of its merits , but she could rely on the opposition to build a new majority in support of doing what is necessary to preserve the euro .
Preparing for the possible default or defection of three small countries from the euro does not mean that those countries would necessarily be abandoned .
Either way , it is not in the European Union 's interest to allow these countries to collapse and drag down the entire global banking system with them .
The EU 's member countries , and not only those in the eurozone , must accept that a new treaty is needed to save the euro .
And , just as importantly , they now understand that it is not enough to ensure that governments can finance their debt at reasonable interest rates ; they must also address the weakness of Europe 's banking system .
There is a good reason for this : Germany does not want to pay for recapitalizing French banks .
Governments can not afford to recapitalize the banks now ; it would leave them with insufficient funds to deal with the sovereign-debt problem .
A new , legally binding agreement -- not a change to the Lisbon Treaty -LRB- which would encounter too many hurdles -RRB- , but a new agreement -- will be needed for the eurozone to mobilize that power , and such an accord will take time to negotiate and ratify .
Governments could meet their financing needs within agreed limits at very low cost during this emergency period , and the ECB would not violate Article 123 of the Lisbon Treaty .
A new agreement for the eurozone , negotiated in a calmer atmosphere , should not only codify the practices established during the emergency , but also lay the groundwork for an economic-growth strategy .
But the development of the international regulatory framework has not kept pace with the globalization of financial markets .
This has already happened , although it is not yet acknowledged .
It manifests itself not only in the lack of foreign portfolio investments but also in the flight of domestic capital .
Clearly it is not enough to eliminate moral hazard in global finance ; new incentives need to be introduced to create a more level playing field and encourage the flow of capital to periphery countries .
The general principles are obvious : There ought to be a better balance between crisis prevention and intervention and a better balance between offering incentives to countries to follow sound policies and penalizing those which do not .
By contrast , for countries in the lowest grade , the IMF would make it clear in advance that it would not be willing to enter into a program without private sector burden-sharing . Caveat emptor : Let the buyer beware .
Fixing , not Sinking , the WTO
Fixing , not Sinking , the WTO
But the main objections can not be addressed by the WTO itself .
The task of the WTO is to lay down ground rules for international trade ; it is not designed to pursue other social goals .
So the trouble is thus not really with the WTO , but with the lack of similarly powerful and effective institutions devoted to these other social goals .
Not only is the WTO not designed to deal with environmental protection , food safety , human rights and labor rights , but its modus operandi is unsuitable for the provision of public goods .
They will not , however , accept it in other areas .
Enforcement of agreed upon rules is also not appropriate for achieving social goals because many countries lack the resources to meet international standards .
Banning imported hormone-treated beef , for example , is not allowed , unless there is evidence that hormone-treated beef is different from domestically produced beef .
If we did not die , everything would lose meaning .
Beauty does not derive its meaning from its value for our biological survival or its use for other people , who must also die .
We doggedly fight to prolong life , only to find that we can not win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence .
Holland , with its euthanasia law , is not internationally condemned ; indeed , its killer-doctors see themselves as an avant-garde .
The Judeo-Christian custom of burial is rapidly being replaced - not by the ritual of an Indian pyre , but by a crematorium , i.e. , the destruction of a corpse by means of high-temperature machines , a procedure from which the public is excluded .
But in this matter as well , the winner gets to judge who was the aggressor , so it is fortunate that Hitler did not prevail .
The idea of the `` moral indifference '' of the law of war is based on the recognition that wars will not be eliminated , and that they should instead be limited and their horrors mitigated by universally applicable rules of conduct .
So the object of international law is not to ban `` unjust '' wars and permit `` just '' ones , but to assure that wars are waged for limited aims , so that they do n't rage out of control .
When state leaders decide to bomb a city like Belgrade without any formal end to peace , they are not engaging in war , but in a form of state terrorism .
Fighting terrorism is not a war , because terrorism itself is not a warring party , but a means to an end .
A widespread feeling exists that European integration is proceeding sideways , if not backwards .
This resistance should not be allowed to prevent the European Parliament from endorsing the common position : markets and regulators alike urgently need a new ISD , as innovations have made the old one obsolete .
This is not so much because further top-down measures are needed , but because market failures hamper the required bottom-up drive .
`` Markets are created and developed by market participants , not by rules and regulation , '' says the City of London .
The persistent fragmentation of privately owned European exchanges is not due primarily to regulatory obstacles .
As a result of the Lamfalussy report , not only was the legislative process improved , but an important institutional status was conferred upon the Committee of European Securities Regulators .
The plea for a single European regulator -LRB- a `` European SEC '' -RRB- is , at the moment , misguided : there is no legal basis in the Treaty -LRB- or in the draft constitution -RRB- , member states ' legal systems are too different , rules are not sufficiently harmonized , and Community law appears to be moving towards decentralization .
But South Africa 's aspiration to play a dynamic role beyond its borders is proving increasingly difficult , primarily because the regional environment -- indeed , the continental environment -- is not hospitable , defying the best efforts of Mbeki 's government to produce meaningful and sustained political and economic change .
Mbeki 's `` quiet diplomacy '' has not succeeded .
In the face of Western and , in particular , American skepticism about South Africa 's failure , and that of the Africa Union , to engineer an acceptable outcome to the Zimbabwean crisis , money may not be forthcoming .
But if systemic risk emerges in ways that are not yet fully understood , smaller banks may all fail or become distressed simultaneously , damaging the real economy .
But in a complex system in which expertise , insight , and real-time information are not concentrated in one place , and certainly not in government and regulatory circles , reliance on such a framework seems deficient and unwise .
By itself , such a shift in values and the implicit model that defines roles certainly will not solve the challenge of systemic risk .
MILAN -- The late Milton Friedman said that a common currency -- that is , a monetary union -- can not be sustained without a deep form of economic and political union . By this , he meant an open economy that ensures the free flow of goods , labor , and capital , together with a disciplined central fiscal authority and a strong central bank .
Eurozone sovereign debt turned out not to be homogenous with respect to risk .
That kind of built-in counter-cyclicality is not a bad thing .
But if it produces the threat of fiscal instability and excessive sovereign-debt risk after a large shock , then the starting point was not sufficiently conservative -- in other words , deficits or debt levels -LRB- or both -RRB- were too high .
Counter-cyclicality does not mean running modest deficits in the good times and huge deficits in major downturns .
Absent external assistance and a credible plan for restoring fiscal order , Greek sovereign debt could not be rolled over , forcing a default , probably in the form of a restructuring of Greek debt .
But deflation is painful and can not realistically be pursued for political reasons .
Devaluation is not an option because of the common currency .
The Federal Reserve will not willingly resort to inflation .
The EU does not have a robust centralized fiscal structure with a counter-cyclical mandate .
In addition , state bonds are not treated as equals , and the markets penalize profligate states .
Specifically , not much more than a decade is needed for the share of global GDP generated by developing economies to pass the 50 % mark when measured in market prices .
The answer to the first question is reassuring ; the answer to the second is not .
Combined with higher trade among them , the future of emerging economies is one of reduced dependence on industrial-country demand , though not a complete decoupling .
Yet , again , the decoupling is not complete .
As a result , the continued openness of industrial-country markets can not be taken for granted .
But they do not operate in a vacuum .
First , they are not easy to detect with confidence , and are even more difficult to prove .
Undetected imbalances and systemic risk make fiscal policies seem prudent when they are not .
Spain , for example , was not running a fiscal deficit coming into the crisis .
Admittedly , these warnings did not add up to an ironclad case , and they certainly did n't predict the timing of the break .
At the same time , while getting the crisis-response mechanisms right is important , it is not the whole story .
Rebalancing is not the only cooperative imperative .
The timing , from the point of view of crisis management , could not have been worse .
The Obama administration was not responsible for poor US economic performance in the immediate post-crisis period ; that was inevitable .
The narrower agenda -- financial reform , stabilizing the housing market , restoring balance sheets , addressing structural deficiencies , and restoring growth and employment -- would not have captured the public 's imagination , and almost certainly would have disappointed Obama 's enthusiastic supporters .
The administration is not entirely to blame , of course .
Elites , after all , failed to see the crisis coming and to take steps to prevent it , and some of them appear to be the only ones who are recovering : profits are up , but employment is not .
The choices to be made are not simple , obvious , or clear-cut .
NEW YORK -- For many , if not most , Americans , the crisis that befell them in 2008 -- leading to slow growth , rising unemployment , and high anxiety among voters -- appeared to spring from nowhere .
So the main post-crisis challenge is not to return to the old normal , which was not sustainable , nor is it to recover from a deep balance-sheet recession , but rather to make a structural transition from the old abnormal to a new normal that is sustainable .
This does not mean that recovery of households ' balance sheets can be ignored in the post-crisis period .
Contrary to most commentary , this is not a growth strategy , but rather an attempt to limit the considerable risk of another major downturn , induced by further balance-sheet damage in the housing sector .
But , given the US housing market 's fragility , raising interest rates could cause prices to plummet , sinking the economy again . Despite their complaints , it is not clear that emerging economies would prefer another deep US downturn to the current flood of inbound capital that that they must manage .
But this is not how the future was sold to the public , and , until recently , financial markets were acting as if recovery was at hand and would be relatively quick .
It is not yet a hole of the type one finds in Greece , where restoring fiscal balance and reviving economic growth are probably impossible without a restructuring of public debt .
The view from outside the US is that QE2 is either a mistake with negative external effects , or a policy with the clear but unannounced intention of devaluing the dollar -- a move whose main negative competitive and growth effects would most likely be felt in Europe , not in China , India , and Brazil .
Apart from the need to deleverage for a few more years , the US economy faces longer-term problems with aggregate demand , employment , and income distribution that can not be solved through consumption and investment alone .
They can sustain relatively high growth rates in the face of weak and lengthy recoveries in the advanced countries , but not if there is a major downturn in North America or Europe -LRB- or both -RRB- , a serious outbreak of protectionism , or instability in global financial markets .
But that was not inevitable .
To put it differently , recognizing our collective interest in the openness of the global economy is not sufficient .
In Europe , that means agreeing on burden-sharing for re-capitalizing countries where deficits and debt have cut off market access or led to prohibitively high borrowing costs . Restructuring damages the euro , and fiscal consolidation in the distressed countries , while necessary , is probably not sufficient .
Probably not .
Imports could fall , as they did during the crisis , but that was due to declining demand , not to a shift in demand in favor of domestic producers .
Because of the importance of the global economy , the destiny of developing countries is not entirely in the hands of their leaders , workforces , and entrepreneurs .
Today , there are potential adverse global trends and challenges , many of which are relatively new developments that the 13 high-growth cases did not face .
The most immediate is financial distress emanating mainly , but not exclusively , from the US and spilling out to hit all sectors of the global economy .
Second , the current regulatory structure is not adequate to ensure stability in the US economy .
But the automatic stabilizers that normally kick in did not .
In general , automatic stabilizers may not kick in across the global economy , which means that policies need to be coordinated .
All of this structural change is part of a constantly shifting global economic landscape whose aggregate pattern is not perfectly predictable , in part because countries enter and engage with the global economy at different times and expand at different rates .
China 's 12th Five-Year Plan , adopted last month , provides the road map it will follow . Yet it is not really a plan ; rather , it is a coherent interconnected set of policy priorities to support the economy 's structural evolution -- and thus to maintain rapid growth -- over the period of the plan and beyond .
Chinese officials ' reluctance to eliminate hukou quickly reflects their observation of the social consequences of rapid or unbalanced urbanization elsewhere , though problems caused by internal migration in other countries typically reflect the absence of opportunity in rural areas , not the attraction of opportunities in urban areas .
Unlike most countries , China has not struggled to get public-sector investment up to levels that support sustained high growth .
To be fair , given the SOEs ' legacy costs -LRB- stemming from their responsibilities for social services and insurance -RRB- , together with their financial distress in the 1990 's , it made sense for a while to let them keep their retained earnings and not place additional claims on them through the government budget .
If SOEs ' reinvested income is not subject to a high return criterion , growth will eventually slow .
We suspect but do not know that consumption will increase .
Thus , the Five-Year Plan 's goal is to recompose -LRB- not expand -RRB- aggregate demand in order to sustain growth and avoid the diminishing-returns trap that is the principal risk of China 's current investment pattern .
There is a growing awareness among policymakers , businesses , and citizens in China and India -LRB- and in Asia more broadly -RRB- that the historical growth paths that all of their predecessors followed simply will not work , because they do not `` scale '' to a world economy that is triple its current size .
But that will not happen unless the world 's resource supplies and environmental underpinnings collapse . So the baseline is high emerging-market growth , the key to which is innovation and adjustment of the growth path .
Emerging countries ' resilience will not extend to double-dip recessions in America and Europe : they can not offset sharp falls in advanced-country demand by themselves , notwithstanding their healthy public-sector balance sheets .
As a result , the large non-tradable sector and the domestic-demand portion of the tradable sector can not serve as engines of growth and employment .
At the EU level , there is not yet a complementary policy response designed to halt the vicious cycle of rising yields and growth impairment now faced by Italy and Spain .
There is little recognition that domestic aggregate demand can not be restored to its pre-crisis levels except through growth .
The details may elude voters and some investors , but the focus of policy is not on restoring medium - and long-term growth and employment .
The resetting of asset values in line with realistic growth prospects is probably not a bad outcome , though it will add to the demand shortfall in the short run .
This somewhat bleak picture could change , though probably not in the short run .
Stability can return , but not until domestic policy in the advanced countries , together with international policy coordination , credibly shifts to restoring a pattern of inclusive growth , with fiscal stabilization carried out in a way that supports growth and employment .
MILAN -- As the American economy continues to sputter three years after the global financial crisis erupted , one thing has become clear : the United States can not generate higher rates of growth in GDP and employment without a change in the mix of the economy 's domestic and export-oriented components .
Asset prices fell , households began a lengthy process of deleveraging , savings rose , and government -- faced with falling revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment insurance -- could not make up the difference .
That is helpful , but the tradable sector , as it is currently configured , is not an employment engine .
When deleveraging in the household sector is complete , domestic expenditure may rebound , but the savings rate will not and should not go back to zero .
But , by itself , stimulus is not the answer . Otherwise , the shortfall in domestic demand would reassert itself when the stimulus ended .
The pace and effectiveness of structural adaptation will be determined not only by private-sector incentives and market forces , but also by government reform and investment .
Government can not solve the problem alone , much less make the problem go away overnight .
But the lessons that the government may draw from the crisis may not be the best guides for the long term .
The government continues to own more than 50 % of remaining state-owned enterprises , but does not need or use the income .
In fairness , the new rule proposed by former US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker to separate financial intermediation from proprietary trading is not a bad idea .
But it is not sufficient .
But there is not , which is both puzzling and worrisome .
Still others accept that government could in principal do something useful , but believe that it normally does not , and that the risks outweigh the benefits .
Absent coordination , there is also a risk that monetary policies designed to promote growth -LRB- or at least not impede it -RRB- will lead to a return of financial-sector distortions and imbalances .
The rebalancing and restoration of global demand in the medium term is discussed within the G-20 , but has not really gotten underway .
That , combined with slow progress on financial-sector reform , makes it likely that risk-aversion will prevail , which could slow , if not reverse , financial globalization , and probably lead to slower growth in many countries .
The restoration of growth and balance in the US economy is crucially important , not only for its effect on global growth , but also as a foundation for tackling a broad array of international problems and challenges .
Counter-cyclical policy can moderate these negative effects , but it can not undo the damage or accelerate the recovery beyond fairly strict limits .
Attempting to exceed these speed limits not only risks damaging the fiscal balance and the dollar 's stability and resilience , but also may leave the economy and government finances highly vulnerable to future shocks that outweigh the quite modest short-term benefits of accelerated investment and employment .
True , asset prices have recovered enough to help balance sheets , but probably not enough to help consumption .
The argument that this would discourage the unemployed from seeking work has merit in normal times , but not now .
Doing this would not only reduce the unequal burden now being carried by the unemployed ; it would also help to sustain consumption , and perhaps reduce some precautionary savings among those who fear losing their jobs in the future .
Yet this prosperous and peaceful Europe is not idyllic ; sometimes Europe is not at all an easy place for its citizens to live , as the tumultuous Balkan Wars and painful postcommunist transitions of the past decade demonstrated .
On the other hand , to secure that promise of peace and stability , Europeans must recognize that the Union is not and can not be perceived as a work set in stone .
Indeed , it is vital to understand that Europe 's integration process is not mechanical but organic .
It is not a machine that goes on of its own accord , but is instead something that must be lived and worked for by Europeans .
There would be no Union and no integration , were it not built on the principles of democracy .
Of course , democracy does not automatically mean integration .
The end of history may not be at hand in Europe , but the end of Europe 's dark history is clearly in sight - so long as Europeans continue on the path of integration .
Although most Russians do not share this view , Russia is obviously concerned with the security threat that it faces from the South Caucasus -- a threat that escalated sharply during Shevardnadze 's rule .
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline -- which will bypass Russia when it is completed -- can not re-define the country 's economic strategy to the extent that Shevardnadze had sought .
For if they can overcome these challenges quickly , thoroughly , and peacefully , the election of Mikhail Saakashvili will be good news not only for Georgia , but for Russia as well .
Rapid expansion in cross-border capital flows , continued financial innovation , and deepening financial markets pose increasing challenges not only for national policy makers , but also for international financial institutions .
The challenges are characteristic not only for the euro area .
As long as Europe 's potential sinners continue to judge its de facto sinners , peer pressure will not work .
Reliable statistics were not available in all countries , and for years there was no political will to protect public budgets from the impact of rapidly aging populations on pension and health-care costs .
Sanctions , to be credible , must come into play long before a country falls into economic difficulties ; therefore , they should not be purely financial in character , but should include other measures as well .
Structural reforms and fiscal consolidation are , incidentally , tasks not only for countries with a current-account deficit .
The trouble with this carrot-and-stick strategy is not that it is wrong but that it is insufficient .
It fails to recognize that neither expanded peacekeeping nor efficiently delivered aid will achieve their desired ends until the Afghan public accepts the Karzai government as fairly representing its interests . Today it does not .
If the causes of this development are not addressed , Karzai 's government will inevitably collapse , and with it the entire international process that began a year ago .
The fact that Karzai is decent and well intentioned does not alleviate his problem , which he is incapable of addressing alone .
If action is not taken soon , Karzai will not survive .
Of course , a new government may not emerge at all .
But electoral flaws are not always the whole picture .
Protests by some parties that could not afford the high cost of TV spots and billboards mirror similar complaints in the US .
Had systematic manipulation occurred , one-third of the races would not have gone to runoffs .
Turnout was relatively high , at 57 % of registered , particularly given that the OSCE had intoned that `` public interest does not seem to be high '' ; other experts wrote of `` voter fatigue . ''
Obviously , the election 's flaws can not be swept under the carpet .
For some traits , we do not have to speculate -- we can measure and compare on the basis of studies covering thousands of individuals over several generations .
Such studies have not yet been done on most of the traits where speculation is popular , but they have been done on some traits of medical interest .
In five other cases , scientists found women in developed countries maturing earlier , in two of them at smaller size -LRB- in the other three cases , size was not measured -RRB- .
If evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth , we might not see women ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier , for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change .
Make no mistake : something will come out , though not necessarily where it should .
Nobel prize-winning economist Paul Krugman , who berates the Fed for not opening the monetary sluice far wider , showed the follies of the crude Keynesian approach nearly a decade ago .
A year later , with the Fed not having moved aggressively enough for him , Krugman divined that `` it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment .
The outside world , which relies on the dollar as its primary trade vehicle and therefore reserve asset , can not be expected to watch passively as dollars continue to pour into their currency , commodity , and asset markets , with no clear end in sight .
But it does this by giving the banks newly conjured government IOUs -- not euros -- in return for dodgy debt .
In fact , the full impact of America 's `` QE2 '' will not be domestic , because the net effect will be a weaker dollar as speculators bet on its decline .
Most importantly , a disruptive decline of the US dollar -LRB- or a disruptive appreciation of the Chinese renminbi -RRB- could hinder not only China 's growth , but also global recovery .
Remaining financial-market participants are not pulling their weight in this crisis .
But that 's not enough .
Such a tax would not unduly burden financial-market participants , yet it would raise a significant amount of money to finance the costs of this crisis .
Financial-market participants are fighting tooth and nail not to pay their fair share , putting forward a number of arguments against an FTT to camouflage their resistance .
As the tax would be very low and would include transactions in exchange-based spot and derivatives markets and OTC markets , as well as all asset classes -LRB- equities , bonds , derivatives , and foreign exchange -RRB- , there would not be much of a distorting effect , either .
I do n't think such a tax would significantly impact market liquidity , but even if it did , a nudge towards buying and holding might not be such a bad thing .
The sweeping changes underway in Asia are not just economic , but have also created new political realities that can not be ignored .
Environmental degradation in Asia not only harms its population 's health , but will become an impediment to growth .
Economic relations between major players such as China and Japan are increasingly close -- owing not only to booming trade , but also to direct investment and regional production networks .
What is needed is not rhetoric , but levelheaded efforts to find practical and forward-looking solutions to key issues on which regional and international cooperation is urgently required .
But , for some of the world 's poorest regions , particularly Sub-Saharan Africa -LRB- SSA -RRB- , a commitment to help may not be enough .
This deterred not only foreign and domestic investment , but , more fundamentally , the formation of the very institutions needed for successful economic development .
This process does not occur in a historical vacuum , devoid of the influence of powerful social and political factors .
By contrast , the shortage in SSA of scientific , technical , and administrative skills , such as those of engineers , natural scientists , managers , and technicians , is a key reason why the East Asian `` miracle '' could not be reproduced there .
The real gap is narrower : it is the Arab world , not Islam , which seems at loggerheads with democracy .
Electorally competitive countries are not necessarily democratic : some do not fully control the state 's territory ; others violate both their constitutions and human rights .
The UAE , a somewhat decentralized and consensual federation , is not as dictatorial as the others , but only seven voters - the traditional rulers of the federation 's seven emirates - elect the president .
Finally , some Arab countries are not electorally competitive now but once did use free and fair elections to fill the state 's most politically powerful offices -LRB- Lebanon -RRB- .
It makes intuitive sense that Islam can not by itself explain such differences .
Furthermore , unlike Latin America , Africa , and elsewhere , Middle East democrats have not benefited from the Cold War 's end .
Yet Spain , India , Belgium , and Switzerland are all consolidated democracies that do not fit the classic model of the nation state .
These profoundly pluralistic countries are not classic `` nation states , '' but rather what I call democratic `` state nations . ''
But polarization has not been a constant factor in the history of independent Ukraine .
Indeed , more than 80 % of Ukraine 's Russified eastern districts voted for independence in 1991 , and the 1999 parliamentary and presidential elections did not split the country nearly as much as the 2004 presidential elections did .
These shared attitudes toward Ukrainian symbols and statehood owe much to a recognition that independence will not be well protected by forging a classic nation state , that is , a `` Ukrainian Only '' state .
So the Chief Prosecutor 's threat should not be taken lightly -- all the more so given that the Constitutional Court has banned 18 political parties -LRB- including the AKP 's predecessor party -RRB- since the current constitution was introduced in 1982 .
In the national ratification referendum that followed , citizens were allowed to vote against the military-sponsored draft , but not to argue against it publicly .
While the AKP has moderated this authoritarian feature , it is difficult to democratize such a constitution fully , and official EU reports on Turkey 's prospects for accession repeatedly call for a new constitution , not merely an amended one .
Is this the type of secularism that needs to be perpetuated by the Chief Prosecutor 's not so-soft constitutional coup ?
If the constitutional court will not stop a potential AKP-led imposition of Sharia , who will ?
Moving Beyond Mexico 's Crisis As the crisis over Mexico 's disputed presidential election continues , questions are being raised not only about the conduct of the seemingly defeated candidate , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , but also about Mexico 's presidential system .
The next scheduled presidential election is not until 2012 , as are elections to the Senate , whose assent is needed for most legislation .
Moreover , he would not even be able to veto hostile legislation , because he would be the first president in Mexico 's modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto .
In fact , since 1985 , fifteen Latin American presidents -- most without legislative majorities -- have not finished their term .
The Election Tribunal 's decision to recount only 9 % of the ballot boxes can not be reversed without more evidence of wrongdoing .
Interestingly , whereas Britain , France , and the US have not altered their models , many other successful democracies have introduced major changes in order to prevent dangerous problems with how the `` pure '' variant functions in the local context .
In these circumstances , the model functions as classic presidentialism -LRB- even if it does not produce legislative majorities -RRB- .
Perhaps the best way to help Muslims is not to attempt to transplant institutions from Indonesia to the Middle East , or to give aid to `` American-approved '' moderates , but simply to listen more closely to the voices of Indonesian Islam .
The Egyptian army 's statement early in the protests that its soldiers would not shoot at anti-Mubarak protesters was a classic `` military as institution '' move , and useful in itself for a democratic transition .
Regardless of who leads it , there are some things an interim government should not do .
Judging by the transitions that we have studied , a successful democratic outcome stands the best chance if the interim government does not succumb to the temptation to extend its mandate or write a new constitution itself .
Of the eight post-communist countries that are now in the European Union , not one chose such a system .
A parliamentary system , not a president-cum-pharaoh , looks like the best path for both countries .
But Wilhelm did not in fact rule , as Germany 's conduct during WWI made clear .
Of course , America is not Imperial Germany .
As many travelers to France will attest , people in the French countryside believe that they , not Parisians , constitute the `` true '' France .
As the author Ian Buruma recently mused , it is not clear what people mean by `` China . ''
Japanese scholar Yoshihisa Hagiwara argues that since it is not grounded in fact , the nation-state myth is bound to dissolve , giving way to an understanding that we are merely individuals who are part of a global community .
Market participants , knowing this , would realize that inflation would not be sustained .
Now they are less enthusiastic , though Argentina , not the IMF , is paying the price .
The peg did lower inflation ; but it did not promote sustained growth .
The government pursued fiscal austerity , but not enough to make up for the vagaries of the market .
Wages and prices fell , but not enough to allow Argentina to compete effectively , especially since many of the agricultural goods which constitute Argentina 's natural comparative advantages face high hurdles in entering the markets of rich countries .
But the numbers in the IMF program were fiction ; any economist would have predicted that contractionary policies incite slowdown , and that budget targets would not be met .
Needless to say , the IMF program did not fulfill its commitments .
In repeated visits to Argentina , I marveled at how long suffering the Argentineans were ; to me , it is more a surprise that unrest took so long to manifest itself , not that street turmoil unseated Argentina 's president .
The IMF will work hard to shift blame - there will be allegations of corruption , and it will be said that Argentina did not pursue needed measures .
Politicians want to respond to their constituents ' legitimate concerns , but do not know what to do .
One can not simply ignore the pleas of those who are suffering .
In the US , real middle-class incomes have not yet recovered to the levels attained before the last recession in 1991 .
The irony is that the scientists making the advances that enable technology-based growth , and the venture capital firms that finance it were not the ones reaping the biggest rewards in the heyday of the real estate bubble .
If the foundations of economic growth lie in advances in science and technology , not in speculation in real estate or financial markets , then tax systems must be realigned .
Capital gains should be taxed at least at as high a rate as ordinary income . -LRB- Such returns will , in any case , get a substantial benefit because the tax is not imposed until the gain is realized . -RRB-
Countries , like the US , with food stamp programs clearly need to increase the value of these subsidies in order to ensure that nutrition standards do not deteriorate .
Although the focus on renewable energy sources is welcome , policies that distort food supply are not . America 's subsidies for corn-based ethanol contribute more to the coffers of ethanol producers than they do to curtailing global warming .
Rich countries must reduce , if not eliminate , distortional agriculture and energy policies , and help those in the poorest countries improve their capacity to produce food .
Growth is not just a matter of increasing GDP .
It must be sustainable : growth based on environmental degradation , a debt-financed consumption binge , or the exploitation of scarce natural resources , without reinvesting the proceeds , is not sustainable .
But there need not be a trade-off between inequality and growth .
If not , citizens may demand protection from foreign competition .
Small business loans have been pivotal in creating not only new businesses , but whole new industries .
The right , especially in America , does not .
These are not libertarians .
Unfettered markets do not operate well on their own -- a conclusion reinforced by the current financial debacle .
During the Great Depression , similar arguments were heard : government need not do anything , because markets would restore the economy to full employment in the long run .
Markets are not self-correcting in the relevant time frame .
Today , in contrast to the right , the left has a coherent agenda , one that offers not only higher growth , but also social justice .
It was always clear that the timing of America 's departure from Iraq might not be its choice -- unless it wanted to violate international law once again .
And the role of the troop surge in reducing violence in Iraq is not clear .
That political settlement has not occurred .
Even if the US had achieved stability in Iraq , this would not have assured victory in the `` war on terrorism , '' let alone success in achieving broader strategic objectives .
Things have not been going well in Afghanistan , to say the least , and Pakistan looks ever more unstable .
Moreover , most analysts agree that at least part of the rationale behind Russia 's invasion of Georgia , reigniting fears of a new Cold War , was its confidence that , with America 's armed forces pre-occupied with two failing wars -LRB- and badly depleted because of a policy of not replacing military resources as fast as they are used up -RRB- , there was little America could do in response .
Most European leaders are not as practiced in the art of deception as the Bush administration ; they have greater difficulty hiding the numbers from their citizens .
True , the war in Iraq distracted America 's attention from Afghanistan . But the failures in Iraq are a matter of strategy , not troop strength .
This approach is not only proven , but it also provides both the incentives and wherewithal needed for lending to resume .
If so , the huge increase in the national debt and the realization that even $ 700 billion is not enough to rescue the US economy will erode confidence further and aggravate its weakness .
But , as always , the devil is in the details , and United States Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson may have succeeded in subverting even this good idea ; he seems to have figured out how to recapitalize the banks in such a way that it may not result in resumption of lending , which would bode poorly for the economy .
Most importantly , the terms that Paulson got for the capital provided to America 's banks were far worse than those obtained by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown -LRB- not to mention those that Warren Buffett got for putting far less into America 's soundest investment bank , Goldman Sachs -RRB- .
Those countries that did not fully liberalize their capital and financial markets , such as China , will be thankful that they did not follow the urging of Paulson and the US Treasury to do so .
We can not let that happen again .
It is to be hoped that it will not take us that long this time : given the level of global interdependence , the costs would simply be too high .
Likewise , the old Bretton Woods institutions came to be defined by a set of economic doctrines that has now been shown to fail not only in developing countries , but even in capitalism 's heartland .
Economists are good at identifying underlying forces , but they are not so good at timing .
America would be facing these problems even if it were not simultaneously facing a financial crisis .
America , and the world , is also facing a major structural problem , not unlike that at the beginning of the last century , when productivity increases in agriculture meant that a rapidly declining share of the population could find work there .
But there are equally fundamental changes in the global balances of economic power : the hoards of liquid money to help bail out the world lie in Asia and the Middle East , not in West .
But global institutions do not reflect these new realities .
One can not have a deep and long downturn in the world 's largest economy without global ramifications .
This is especially so because America has exported not just its recession , but its failed deregulatory philosophy and toxic mortgages , so financial institutions in Europe and elsewhere are also confronting many of the same problems .
The question is not only how long the recession will last , but what the economy will look like when it emerges .
But a firm that is forced into bankruptcy is not un-bankrupted when a course is reversed .
If not , the short-term prospects for America , and the world , are bleak .
Economic theory had long explained why unfettered markets were not self-correcting , why regulation was needed , why there was an important role for government to play in the economy .
Keynes argued not only that markets are not self-correcting , but that in a severe downturn , monetary policy was likely to be ineffective .
Fiscal policy was required . But not all fiscal policies are equivalent .
In America today , with an overhang of household debt and high uncertainty , tax cuts are likely to be ineffective -LRB- as they were in Japan in the 1990 's -RRB- . Much , if not most , of last February 's US tax cut went into savings .
And yet one should read history and theory carefully : preserving financial institutions is not an end in itself , but a means to an end .
It is imperative that we not just respond adequately to the current crisis , but that we undertake the long-run reforms that will be necessary if we are to create a more stable , more prosperous , and equitable global economy .
The reality is that they were the perpetrators , not the victims , and it seemed particularly galling that they were continuing to hold a gun to the heads of governments , demanding massive bailouts and threatening economic collapse otherwise .
The fact that businesses around the world were not getting the credit they need compounded the grievances expressed at Davos .
As if all this were not enough , as the Davos meeting opened , America 's House of Representatives passed a bill requiring American steel to be used in stimulus spending , despite the G-20 's call to avoid protectionism in response to the crisis .
Crony capitalism is not new ; nor is it the province of a single party .
To some , the fact that Enron was not bailed out and the problems uncovered , is testimony to the absence of crony capitalism .
I have a different interpretation : it is testimony to the importance of a free press , which may not stop but can curtail abuses .
Campaign contributions were not just a matter of public spirit , but an investment .
Like many of Enron 's investments , it worked well in the short run , but did not pan out in the long run .
But the auditing firms and their corporate clients - not surprisingly , given the cabal that developed - roundly attacked his proposal for separating consulting from auditing .
What Levitt grasped - and what the Enron debacle shows so clearly - is that incentives matter , but that unfettered markets by themselves may not provide the right incentives .
Markets may not provide incentives for wealth creation ; they may provide incentives for the kind of shenanigans Enron pursued .
But much of what Enron did was not illegal .
But we can not rely on them when so many worldly people see nothing wrong with revolving doors .
Because it has not , even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill , the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem , and several plans to stabilize the financial system , some are even beginning to blame Obama and his team .
Obama , however , inherited an economy in freefall , and could not possibly have turned things around in the short time since his inauguration .
In short , the stimulus will strengthen America 's economy , but it is probably not enough to restore robust growth .
The real failings in the Obama recovery program , however , lie not in the stimulus package but in its efforts to revive financial markets .
- Governments do not like to admit the full costs of the problem , so they give the banking system just enough to survive , but not enough to return it to health .
Policies must not be based on the fiction that good loans were made , and that the business acumen of financial-market leaders and regulators will be validated once confidence is restored .
Lack of transparency will not get it out .
But this will not establish `` market prices , '' as the administration claims .
More money will be needed , but Americans are in no mood to provide it -- certainly not on the terms that have been seen so far .
Each country will try to design its stimulus package to maximize the impact on its own citizens -- not the global impact .
For instance , while it is recognized that almost all countries need to undertake stimulus measures -LRB- we 're all Keynesians now -RRB- , many developing countries do not have the resources to do so .
And there is dissatisfaction not just from borrowers , but also from potential suppliers of funds .
But the reform process is slow , and the crisis will not wait .
At their November 2008 summit the G-20 leaders strongly condemned protectionism and committed themselves not to engage in it .
Indeed , even firms in advanced industrial countries that have not received a subsidy are at an unfair advantage .
They can undertake risks that others can not , knowing that if they fail , they may be bailed out .
One of the more important medium-term initiatives urged by the UN Commission is the creation of a global economic coordinating council , which would not only coordinate economic policy , but would also assess impending problems and institutional gaps .
But we still do not have an adequate framework for dealing with such problems .
Such reforms will not occur overnight .
But they will not occur ever unless work on them is begun now .
The old system worked well for the bankers -LRB- if not for their shareholders -RRB- , so why should they embrace change ?
This is not just theory ; it is a lesson we learned , at great expense , during the Savings & Loan crisis of the 1980 's .
So , not only ca n't we touch the bondholders , we ca n't even touch the shareholders -- even if most of the shares ' existing value merely reflects a bet on a government bailout .
But what is clear is that the Obama strategy 's current and future costs are very high -- and so far , it has not achieved its limited objective of restarting lending .
Tearing up the social contract is something that should not be done lightly .
In truth , this is not socialism , but an extension of long standing corporate welfarism .
We can not afford to let that happen .
While there was less American leadership than one would have hoped , indeed expected under the circumstances , many participants were simply relieved that America did not put up obstacles to reaching a global consensus , as would have been the case if George W. Bush were still president .
But it did not , and Obama had to fight hard to extract even limited amounts for the International Monetary Fund from a reluctant Congress .
But many developing countries have just emerged from being overburdened with debt ; they do not want to go through that again .
The implication is that they need grants , not loans .
The G-20 , which turned to the IMF to provide most of the money that the developing countries need to cope with the crisis , did not take sufficient note of this ; the UN conference did .
Not surprisingly , America , which benefits by getting trillions of dollars of loans from developing countries -- now at almost no interest -- was not enthusiastic about the discussion .
But , whether the US likes it or not , the dollar reserve system is fraying ; the question is only whether we move from the current system to an alternative in a haphazard way , or in a more careful and structured way .
The US and other advanced industrial countries pushed globalization . But this crisis has shown that they have not managed globalization as well as they should have .
So GDP per capita statistics may not reflect what is happening to most citizens .
This realization casts a new light not only on our measures of performance , but also on the inferences we make .
He did it not for some huge financial compensation , but out of conviction and a passion for his work .
Without any other compass , the incentive structures they adopted did motivate them -- not to introduce new products to improve ordinary people ' lives or to help them manage the risks they faced , but to put the global economy at risk by engaging in short-sighted and greedy behavior .
Economics has generated a wealth of ideas , many of which argue that markets are not necessarily either efficient or stable , or that the economy , and our society , is not well described by the standard models of competitive equilibrium used by a majority of economists .
Behavioral economics , for example , emphasizes that market participants often act in ways that can not easily be reconciled with rationality .
Similarly , modern information economics shows that even if markets are competitive , they are almost never efficient when information is imperfect or asymmetric -LRB- some people know something that others do not , as in the recent financial debacle -RRB- -- that is , always .
A long line of research has shown that even using the models of the so-called `` rational expectations '' school of economics , markets might not behave stably , and that there can be price bubbles .
For all the fanfare surrounding financial innovation , this crisis is remarkably similar to past financial crises , except that the complexity of new financial products reduced transparency , aggravating fear about what might happen should there not be a massive public bailout .
Too Big to Live NEW YORK -- A global controversy is raging : what new regulations are required to restore confidence in the financial system and ensure that a new crisis does not erupt a few years down the line .
The implication of Brown 's observation is that such restrictions will not ensure that there is not another crisis ; but King is right to demand that banks that are too big to fail be reined in .
· In assessing their own risk , banks do not look at the externalities that they -LRB- or their failure -RRB- would impose on others , which is one reason why we need regulation in the first place .
We have not done nearly enough to prevent another crisis , and the benefits of strengthened regulation far outweigh any increased costs .
Given the lack of understanding of risk by investors , and deficiencies in corporate governance , bankers had an incentive not to design good incentive structures .
Where this is not possible , it means stringently restricting what they can do and imposing higher taxes and capital-adequacy requirements , thereby helping level the playing field .
The devil , of course , is in the details -- and big banks will do what they can to ensure that whatever charges are imposed are sufficiently small that they do not outweigh the advantages gained from being underwritten by taxpayers .
Even if we fix bank incentive structures perfectly -- which is not in the cards -- the banks will still represent a big risk .
These are not matters of black and white : the more we limit the size , the more relaxed we can be about these and other details of regulation .
Of course , even with this assistance , countries that mismanage their economies will face problems ; the proposal is not a panacea to the world 's problems .
The scheme also provides regular funding , not currently available , to finance global public goods .
Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country . This is important because the US might oppose any plan that undermines demand for Treasury bills -LRB- and thus its guaranteed access to low-cost financing -RRB- .
Innumerable details must be worked out before a global money scheme could be put into practice , and changes will not occur overnight .
The first lesson is that markets are not self-correcting . Indeed , without adequate regulation , they are prone to excess .
In 2009 , we again see why Adam Smith 's invisible hand often appears invisible : it is not there .
The bankers ' pursuit of self-interest -LRB- greed -RRB- did not lead to the well-being of society ; it did not even serve their shareholders and bondholders well .
It certainly did not serve homeowners who are losing their homes , workers who have lost their jobs , retirees who have seen their retirement funds vanish , or taxpayers who paid hundreds of billions to bail out the banks .
The justification was that bailing out the banks , however messily , would enable a resumption of lending . That has not happened .
The second important lesson involves understanding why markets often do not work the way they are meant to work .
Moreover , when information is imperfect , markets often do not work well -- and information imperfections are central in finance .
The fifth lesson is that not all innovation leads to a more efficient and productive economy -- let alone a better society .
Private incentives matter , and if they are not well aligned with social returns , the result can be excessive risk taking , excessively short-sighted behavior , and distorted innovation .
Indeed , financial engineering did not create products that would help ordinary citizens manage the simple risk of home ownership -- with the consequence that millions have lost their homes , and millions more are likely to do so .
The failure of Copenhagen was not the absence of a legally binding agreement .
We must now conjoin self-interest with good intentions , especially because leaders in some countries -LRB- particularly the United States -RRB- seem afraid of competition from emerging markets even without any advantage they might receive from not having to pay for carbon emissions .
A system of border taxes -- imposed on imports from countries where firms do not have to pay appropriately for carbon emissions -- would level the playing field and provide economic and political incentives for countries to adopt a carbon tax or emission caps .
Given the fundamental problems underlying it , Copenhagen 's failure should not be a surprise .
One has to look not only at what a country or firm owes , but also at its assets .
After all , even deficit hawks acknowledge that we should be focusing not on today 's deficit , but on the long-term national debt .
Banks ' short-sightedness helped create the crisis ; we can not let government short-sightedness -- prodded by the financial sector -- prolong it .
What has happened is -LRB- fortunately -RRB- not an everyday occurrence ; it would be foolish to look at past recoveries to predict this one .
In America , for instance , bad debt and foreclosures are at levels not seen for three-quarters of a century ; the decline in credit in 2009 was the largest since 1942 .
The UK 's weaker performance is not the result of worse policies ; indeed , compared to the US , its bank bailouts and labor-market policies were , in many ways , far better .
It avoided the massive waste of human resources associated with high unemployment in America , where almost one out of five people who would like a full-time job can not find one .
For now , the economics is clear : reducing government spending is a risk not worth taking .
Saudi Arabia 's surplus would be far higher were it not for US armaments exports .
America 's multilateral trade deficit will not be significantly narrowed until America saves significantly more ; while the Great Recession induced higher household savings -LRB- which were near zero -RRB- , this has been more than offset by the increased government deficits .
Unfortunately , this global crisis was made in America , and America must look inward , not only to revive its economy , but also to prevent a recurrence .
Some hoped that the Greek tragedy would convince policymakers that the euro can not succeed without greater cooperation -LRB- including fiscal assistance -RRB- .
It was not even clear that the help Greece needed should be labeled a bailout : while the funds given to financial institutions like AIG were unlikely to be recouped , a loan to Greece at a reasonable interest rate would likely be repaid .
For the EU 's smaller countries , the lesson is clear : if they do not reduce their budget deficits , there is a high risk of a speculative attack , with little hope for adequate assistance from their neighbors , at least not without painful and counterproductive pro-cyclical budgetary restraints .
But the euro system means that Germany 's exchange rate can not increase relative to other eurozone members .
Germany -LRB- like China -RRB- views its high savings and export prowess as virtues , not vices .
Those countries whose deficits have soared as a result of the global recession should not be forced into a death spiral -- as Argentina was a decade ago .
It is not too late for Europe to implement these reforms and thus live up to the ideals , based on solidarity , that underlay the euro 's creation .
But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model .
Most of those responsible for the mistakes -- whether at the US Federal Reserve , the US Treasury , Britain 's Bank of England and Financial Services Authority , the European Commission and European Central Bank , or in individual banks , have not owned up to their failures .
This is important not just as a matter of history and accountability : much is being left up to regulators .
The usual approach -- delegating responsibility to regulators to work out the details -- will not suffice .
On complex economic matters , trust had been vested in bankers -LRB- after all , if they make so much money , they obviously know something ! -RRB- and in regulators , who often -LRB- but not always -RRB- came from the markets .
Moreover , it looks likely that the outrageous fees charged for every debit transaction -- a kind of tax that goes not for any public purpose but to fill the banks ' coffers -- will be curtailed .
Such government-insured underwriting distorts the market , giving big banks a competitive advantage , not necessarily because they are more efficient , but because they are `` too big to fail . ''
The legislation was not intended to ban derivatives , but only to bar implicit government guarantees , subsidized by taxpayers -LRB- remember the $ 180 billion AIG bailout ? -RRB- , which are not a natural or inevitable byproduct of lending .
Our financial markets performed dismally -- well-performing , `` rational '' markets do not lend to people who can not or will not repay -- and yet those running these markets were rewarded as if they were financial geniuses .
The Fed is engaged in the difficult task of trying to set not just the short-term interest rate , but longer-term rates as well .
Second , the securitization model is badly broken and not likely to be replaced anytime soon .
In short , government policies to support the housing market not only have failed to fix the problem , but are prolonging the deleveraging process and creating the conditions for Japanese-style malaise .
But it should have been clear all along that the IMF , as a major creditor , could not itself be the bankruptcy judge .
Whether one agrees with the recent proposals made by Ann Krueger , the IMF 's deputy managing director , is not the issue : the fact is that the IMF now recognizes the potential conflict of interest , and has proposed alternative procedures that might deal with the problem .
Collective action clauses are important , but they are not enough .
Why should principles that make sense within countries - like the US - not be applied in the international arena ?
India - once a British colony , does not ; France does .
Were America less bent on pursuing unilateralist policies , in pushing against an international rule of law , this might not make much of a difference .
But the Bush Administration not only ignores basic principles of economics , but also the basic principles underlying international cooperation .
America 's proposal to rely on minor modifications in current arrangements , while relying on the market , though it is a position long advocated by financial markets , will not suffice .
The world can not allow America to veto its efforts .
But the Fed , captured for more than two decades by market fundamentalists and Wall Street interests , not only failed to impose restraints , but acted as cheerleaders .
In 2001 , lowering interest rates seemed to work , but not the way it was supposed to .
And lowering the rates that government pays has not translated into correspondingly lower interest rates for the many small firms struggling for financing .
Emerging markets know this , and are upset -- Brazil has vehemently expressed its concerns -- not only about the increased value of their currency , but that the influx of money risks fueling asset bubbles or triggering inflation .
The government may pretend that it has not experienced a capital loss , because , unlike banks , it is not required to use mark-to-market accounting .
The attempt to ensure that the losses are not recognized might tempt the Fed to rely excessively on untested , uncertain , and costly monetary-policy tools -- like paying high interest rates on reserves to induce banks not to lend .
Most people evicted from their homes have not been paying their mortgages , and , in most cases , those who are throwing them out have rightful claims .
But Americans are not supposed to believe in justice on average .
They should not be allowed to do so .
It is not particular judges that are bought , but the laws themselves , through campaign contributions and lobbying , in what has come to be called `` corruption , American-style . ''
When it became clear that people could not pay back what was owed , the rules of the game changed .
Some may still call it the `` rule of law , '' but it would not be a rule of law that protects the weak against the powerful .
The problem in the advanced countries is not a jobless recovery , but an anemic recovery -- or worse , the possibility of a double-dip recession .
After all , in globalized financial markets , money looks for the best prospects around the world , and these prospects are in Asia , not the US . So the money wo n't go where it 's needed , and much of it will wind up where it 's not wanted -- causing further increases in asset and commodity prices , especially in emerging markets .
This is not the only , or even the most important , downside risk facing the global economy .
The Irish government that encouraged reckless bank lending and the creation of a property bubble was , perhaps not surprisingly , no more adept in managing the economy after the crisis that it was before .
Politics aside , property bubbles leave in their wake a legacy of debt and excess capacity in real estate that is not easily rectified -- especially when politically connected banks resist restructuring mortgages .
To me , attempting to discern the economic prospects for 2011 is not a particularly interesting question : the answer is bleak , with little upside potential and a lot of downside risk .
I am not so bullish on Europe and America .
In both Europe and America , the free-market ideology that allowed asset bubbles to grow unfettered -- markets always know best , so government must not intervene -- now ties policymakers ' hands in designing effective responses to the crisis .
Either way , victory is not around the corner .
Second , military expenditures must be cut -- not just funding for the fruitless wars , but also for the weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist .
Even though the government is the largest buyer of their products , it is not allowed to negotiate prices , thereby fueling an estimated increase in corporate revenues -- and costs to the government -- approaching $ 1 trillion dollars over a decade .
Even though 10 % of US households with mortgages had already lost their homes , the pace of foreclosures appeared to be increasing -- or would have , were it not for legal snafus that raised doubts about America 's vaunted `` rule of law . ''
Banks never wanted to admit to their bad loans , and now they do n't want to recognize the losses , at least not until they can adequately recapitalize themselves through their trading profits and the large spread between their high lending rates and rock-bottom borrowing costs .
We could only conjecture what would have happened if it had not postponed the day of reckoning for so long -- or if it had tried to put it off further .
For starters , it is not enough for governments to deliver reasonable growth .
Nor is it enough to follow the dictates of international financial markets -- that may get good bond ratings and please international investors , but it does not mean that jobs are being created or that standards of living are being increased for most citizens .
That they now looked with disfavor at Tunisia 's move from authoritarianism to democracy does not redound to their credit -- and should never be forgotten .
Tunisia may not be able to prevent special interests from capturing its government , but , if public financing of electoral campaigns and restrictions on lobbying and revolving doors between the public and private sectors remain absent , such capture will be not only possible , but certain .
Latin America has shown that there are problems with term limits for political officeholders , but not having term limits is even worse .
After all , rich countries in Europe have increasingly found that they can not pay for university education , and are asking young people and their families to bear the costs .
For its part , the United States has never attempted to give free college for all , and it took a bitter battle just to ensure that America 's poor get access to health care -- a guarantee that the Republican Party is now working hard to repeal , claiming that the country can not afford it .
Many countries , not least the US , could learn from its experience .
First , the question is not whether we can afford to provide health care or education for all , or ensure widespread homeownership .
The US need not go as far : just a fraction of the money that America spends on weapons that do n't work against enemies that do n't exist would go a long way toward creating a more humane society , including provision of health care and education to those who can not afford them .
This is not to say that Mauritius is without problems .
The US occupies one of Mauritius 's offshore islands , Diego Garcia , as a naval base without compensation , officially leasing it from the United Kingdom , which not only retained the Chagos Islands in violation of the UN and international law , but expelled its citizens and refuses to allow them to return .
The timing could not have been worse : the East Asia crisis was just brewing -- a crisis that was largely the result of capital-market liberalization in a region that , given its high savings rate , had no need for it .
They also did not necessarily do a good job at setting prices -LRB- witness the real-estate bubble -RRB- , including exchange rates -LRB- which are merely the price of one currency in terms of another -RRB- .
Now the IMF has blessed such interventions -- but , as a sop to those who are still not convinced , it suggests that they should be used only as a last resort .
Even if they are not fully effective , they are typically far better than nothing .
But , as another IMF study reminds us , this is not a new pattern .
Consumption will remain restrained , while strong and sustainable recovery can not be based on another debt-fueled bubble .
The outcome , however , was often not good for the IMF , the World Bank , or the world .
The world can not afford to repeat that performance .
Now the ECB needs to think about how to help everyone , not just the bankers who bought the bonds .
Some of the most qualified candidates -LRB- in both developed and developing countries -RRB- have not received the support of their own governments that the political process seems to require .
Politics is not always kind to good candidates .
Where she was born should not be an impediment to her prospects .
But harsh words have not been followed by a strong counter-attack .
Now is the time to confront America 's hypocrisy , not to bluster .
They can not compete with efficient steel mills elsewhere - including -LRB- perish the thought -RRB- Korea 's state-owned steel company .
But under globalization , as currently managed , many have not gained ; and some of the poorest have lost out .
But the US believes that even this is not enough : it will interpret these rules in ways which suit its political interests , bending and breaking them at will , challenging those who do not like it to do something about it .
This can not be allowed .
Taking strong measures will be in their interests , will be in America 's interest -LRB- even if it is not in the interests of particular special interests , or President Bush 's political interests -RRB- , and will be in the broader interests of the world .
Moreover , output growth in the United States was not economically sustainable .
Alas , that has not been the case .
Rather than carefully balancing the benefits of each government expenditure program with the costs of raising taxes to finance those benefits , the right seeks to use a sledgehammer -- not allowing the national debt to increase forces expenditures to be limited to taxes .
This leaves open the question of which expenditures get priority -- and if expenditures to pay interest on the national debt do not , a default is inevitable .
NEW YORK -- The Great Recession of 2008 has morphed into the North Atlantic Recession : it is mainly Europe and the United States , not the major emerging markets , that have become mired in slow growth and high unemployment .
Europe 's leaders recognized that distressed countries ' debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow , and that growth could not be achieved without assistance .
But , if that is a real fear for the ECB -- if it is not merely acting on behalf of private lenders -- surely it should have demanded that the banks have more capital .
Indeed , the most curious aspect of the ECB 's position was its threat not to accept restructured government bonds as collateral if the ratings agencies decided that the restructuring should be classified as a credit event .
As a result , President Barack Obama acquiesced in an unbalanced debt-reduction strategy , with no tax increases -- not even for the millionaires who have done so well during the past two decades , and not even by eliminating tax giveaways to oil companies , which undermine economic efficiency and contribute to environmental degradation .
But the payroll-tax cut -LRB- which put more than $ 100 billion into the pockets of ordinary Americans -RRB- was not renewed , and surely business , anticipating the contractionary effects down the line , will be even more reluctant to lend .
And , with housing prices continuing to fall , GDP growth faltering , and unemployment remaining stubbornly high -LRB- one of six Americans who would like a full-time job still can not get one -RRB- , more stimulus , not austerity , is needed -- for the sake of balancing the budget as well .
After all , America 's financial mismanagement played an important role in triggering Europe 's problems , and financial turmoil in Europe would not be good for the US -- especially given the fragility of the US banking system and the continuing role it plays in non-transparent CDSs .
Ironically , the wars have undermined America 's -LRB- and the world 's -RRB- security , again in ways that Bin Laden could not have imagined .
And this , too , was weakened : as the US violated basic human rights like habeas corpus and the right not to be tortured , its longstanding commitment to international law was called into question .
Al Qaeda , while not conquered , no longer appears to be the threat that loomed so large in the wake of the 9\/11 attacks .
But , while bank profitability and bonuses have returned , lending has not recovered , despite record-low long - and short-term interest rates .
After all , large enterprises are sitting on a few trillion dollars in cash , so money is not what is holding them back from investing and hiring .
With so much excess capacity in real estate , confidence will not recover to its pre-crisis level anytime soon , regardless of what is done to the banking sector .
For America and Europe , the need for labor to move out of manufacturing is compounded by shifting comparative advantage : not only is the total number of manufacturing jobs limited globally , but a smaller share of those jobs will be local .
But , while the buildup of reserves -- currently around $ 7.6 trillion in emerging and developing economies -- protected them , money going into reserves was money not spent .
Moreover , the US has not shaken off its dependence on oil .
And social protest has found fertile ground everywhere : a sense that the `` system '' has failed , and the conviction that even in a democracy , the electoral process will not set things right -- at least not without strong pressure from the street .
And those in this rarefied stratum often are rewarded so richly not because they have contributed more to society -- bonuses and bailouts neatly gutted that justification for inequality -- but because they are , to put it bluntly , successful -LRB- and sometimes corrupt -RRB- rent-seekers .
This is not to deny that some of the 1 % have contributed a great deal .
The contrast between overregulated democracy and unregulated bankers did not go unnoticed .
The protesters have been criticized for not having an agenda .
That legacy has not yet been overcome , but the election of President Barack Obama shows how far those protests moved America .
Their hope is evolutionary , not revolutionary .
But , on another level , they are asking for a great deal : a democracy where people , not dollars , matter , and a market economy that delivers on what it is supposed to do .
Markets work the way they should only when they operate within a framework of appropriate government regulations ; and that framework can be erected only in a democracy that reflects the general interest -- not the interests of the 1 % .
Capitalist economies are not self-adjusting : market forces might eventually restore an economy of full employment , as Keynes said , but in the long run we are all dead . Keynes proposed clear prescriptions for hard economic times : expansionary monetary and fiscal policy .
Even now , the IMF has not acknowledged the lesson : it still insists on further cutbacks as a condition for assistance .
For example , even if investors in telecoms become utterly confident in the US economy , they are not going to invest in more fiber optics , given today 's huge excess capacity .
Even if `` confidence '' were the single most important factor , deficits are not the only , or even the most important factor determining investor confidence .
A country in recession or depression does not inspire confidence .
As they wait , they will not like what they see .
The hoped-for improvement in the fiscal position does not materialize .
Economics is a difficult subject , because we can not conduct controlled experiments .
There are not two or three Argentina 's , one following the experiment that I described above , and another adopting the policies that I prefer .
Merely lowering interest rates did not , and will not , lead firms to invest more in these sectors .
Meanwhile , the US can not expect much relief from exports , given the global economic slowdown , or from consumer spending .
Some of the sales in 2001 , moreover , reflected purchases that would have been postponed until this year were it not for special offers inducing consumers to buy cars earlier than they otherwise would .
Record levels of military expenditures are the only major source of expansion , and while such expenditures may be necessary and do stimulate the economy in the short run , they do not enhance its long-term competitiveness and strength .
After initially believing that its economy was so strong that it would not only be unaffected by America 's slowdown but also maintain robust growth , Europe has turned to looking to the US recovery to lift it out of its malaise .
I think this is a risky strategy ; if a strong US recovery is not around the corner , then Europe needs to act on its own , using the standard counter-cyclical tools of monetary and fiscal policy .
The threat today is not inflation , but unemployment .
On key issues within Brazil , however , a broad political consensus -LRB- not unanimity , but no one should expect that ! -RRB- exists , and this includes all the major contenders in Brazil 's forthcoming presidential election in October .
Ten yeas ago , 20 % of Brazil 's school age children were not attending school ; now that number is down to 3 % .
Unlike its neighbor to the south -LRB- prior to Argentina 's crisis -RRB- , Brazil has a flexible exchange rate system : its currency is not overvalued -- if anything , it is undervalued .
With strong exports , it should have no problem meeting its debt obligations , so long as interest rates do not soar to levels that turn a problem into a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Brazil has carved out a path that is not based on ideology or over-simplistic economics .
Fear of these costs , combined with IMF bailouts , kept Argentina from abandoning its currency board long after it was clear that the system could not be sustained .
But what primarily kept Argentines wedded to a system that could not work was fear of hyperinflation .
The feared hyperinflation , so far , has not materialized .
If the private sector can not improve the availability of credit on its own , and no good neighbor steps forward to help , as Japan did in East Asia , government must take a more active role in restructuring the existing credit institutions as well as creating new ones .
Directing credit in order to increase supply of goods need not be inflationary ; on the contrary , the increased supply of domestically produced goods may be an effective instrument for combating inflation .
Appropriate accounting , separating expenditures for recapitalizing banks from ordinary expenditures , such as those needed to run hospitals and schools , would make clear that these expenditures are not by themselves inflationary .
In an economy with vast problems , underutilization of resources , and a massive lack of credit , a modest credit expansion would not in fact lead to high inflation .
IMF credits will go to repay the IMF , not to reactivate the economy .
Where the international community can help Argentina is by opening its doors to Argentine goods , taking the rhetoric of free trade seriously and recognizing that trade can be an important instrument not only for long-term growth , but also for economic recovery .
? Economics is not ideology but the practical employment of evidence and theory .
Saying that interest rates will eventually come down is not enough .
After all , you can not `` unbankrupt '' a firm ruined by punishing interest rates .
Why shout that government should not intervene in markets , claiming that markets are efficient , yet intervene in currency markets ?
? Economic reforms may entail pain , but the pain the poor must bear should not be minimized .
Why were billions of dollars available to bail-out banks , but a few million dollars for food and fuel subsidies for Indonesia 's poor could not be spared ?
How was it that a few oligarchs could bleed Russia of billions of dollars through state-give aways of assets under privatization schemes encouraged by the IMF , but there was not enough money to pay miserly pensions to the aged ?
The IMF , like it or not , is a public institution -- despite its corporate speak .
Decisions about which policy to choose is a matter best left to a country 's political processes ; they should not be usurped by international bureaucrats , no matter how competent .
The Republicans criticized huge international bail-outs as `` corporate welfare '' before they took office , and in Turkey they basically stuck to their principles , though not enough to stop an IMF bail-out .
Whether the Bush team will continue to this line when American and not German banks are at risk is another matter .
The challenge is to craft policies based on economic science , not ideology , in an open and democratic manner , paying particular attention to the consequences for the poor .
Unfortunately , from what we have seen of domestic US policy of late , we can not be sanguine .
But the scale of this corruption should not blind us to the problem of public sector accounting , where many deceitful things are also being done .
The Bush Administration , not to be left behind , has shown how public accounting rules can be bent so as to provide a misleading picture of what is really happening in a national economy .
But America is not alone in allowing for official accounting shenanigans .
In Latin America and elsewhere in the developing world , the IMF imposes accounting frameworks that not only make little sense , but result in excessive austerity .
In some of the poorest countries in the world - ie , those most dependent on aid - the IMF has argued that foreign aid should not be listed as revenue in a government 's budget calculations .
But what else is aid if it is not revenue ?
The IMF 's argument seems to be this : a country can not rely on foreign aid because aid is too unstable .
But by IMF logic , all you see in the accounts is increased expenditure and borrowing , not the value of the acquired asset .
Of course , foreign investors like this IMF logic : government corporations are put at a distinct disadvantage : their ability to invest inhibited , these firms can not compete to make acquisitions .
Bad accounting contributed to the recent stock market bubble ; bad information led to stock prices that did not reflect underlying realities ; and these in turn provided incentives for the excess investment in telecoms that caused today 's excess capacity .
Of course , excuses are at hand : the magnitude of the economic downturn was not anticipated and the increased expenditures to fight terrorism could not be foretold .
As the old saying goes : Do n't count your chickens before they hatch . The Bush Administration not only counted its chickens , it sold them forward !
I am not predicting that this will happen .
With perfect information -- an assumption made by traditional economics , though one not fully appreciated by free market advocates -- these problems would never have occurred .
What mattered was not a company 's long-term strength but its short-term appearance .
The proponents of markets are right that incentives matter , but inappropriate incentives do not create real wealth in the economy , only a massive misallocation of resources of the sort we see now in such industries as telecoms .
Or analysts at investment banks that earn large fees from stock offerings may -- as we have seen not so long ago -- tout stocks even when they are dubious about them .
Here , political pressure , including from the US Treasury , was put on the supposedly independent Board not to make the change .
But restrictions of this kind - affecting both private and public sectors -- are often necessary because of imperfect information : we can not really be sure what motivates an individual , even if the individual seems of the highest integrity .
The loss of public confidence that may result from not acting may be even higher than the cost of governmental regulation -- indeed , this loss recently resulted in billions of dollars of reductions in the value of shares .
Of course , resolving uncertainty is no reason to invade Iraq prematurely , for the costs of any war are high , and are not to be measured only , or primarily , in economic terms .
uncertainties arising from America 's looming fiscal deficit , due to macroeconomic mismanagement and a tax cut that the country can not afford ;
But even from the perspective of oil interests , war against Iraq is a risky venture : not only is the impact on price , and therefore on oil company prices , highly uncertain , but other oil producers , including Russian and European interests , will not easily be ignored .
Whichever way one looks at it , the economic effects of war with Iraq will not be good .
Research suggests that these restrictions did not affect the flow of long-term capital .
Why , then , be concerned that the new trade agreement restricts what Chile is not doing ?
Indeed , the problem today is not excessive capital inflows ; international markets have largely turned against emerging markets .
So restricting capital inflows is not necessary now .
Much evidence , meanwhile , suggests that such flows present risk without reward : they lead to increased instability , not increased growth .
If a leader that is not to Wall Street 's liking emerges , markets may raise interest rates to exorbitant levels , threatening to bankrupt the country unless a people choose a leader more to the financial community 's liking .
Free-trade agreements do not ensure free trade . This is because the US uses many other protectionist measures to block foreign goods .
The idea is not merely academic : Australia and New Zealand , in their free-trade agreement , did something along these lines .
The reason that it was not done in the case of the US and Chile is also clear : protectionist interests in America have little interest in an agreement embodying true free and fair trade .
So those who celebrate the new US\/Chile trade agreement should be cautious . It may inhibit Chile 's ability to protect itself against the vagaries of capital markets , and it may not lead to either truly free or fair trade .
A few years ago , Alan Blinder , then Vice Chairman of America 's Federal Reserve Board , was excoriated for stating the obvious : that monetary policy should target not only inflation , but also unemployment , and that , at least in the short run , there may be a trade-off between the two .
There is a long list of central bankers ' homilies that are not supposed to be questioned ; do so and you are exiled from the small circle of those who supposedly know how the world `` really '' works .
Here are three : An independent central bank is necessary for sound macro-economic policy . The truth : countries that do not have an independent central bank , like India , manage to contain inflation as effectively as those with independent central banks .
In Russia , an independent central banker , Viktor Gerashencko , could not be removed for years , though he tolerated both inflation and corruption .
I warned of this problem more than a year ago , and I suggested that the Federal government pick up the tab for the shortfall in state tax revenue , because the states did not cause the country 's slowdown .
Instead , the Bush administration pushed ahead with tax cuts for the rich , tax cuts that were not designed to stimulate the economy and that , no surprise , have failed to stimulate the economy .
Today , Japan faces a problem of deflation , not inflation .
Meanwhile , the yen would weaken , helping exports , and even if the real exchange rate did not change much , given Japan 's position as a major creditor , the yen value of its foreign holdings would increase , providing still more economic stimulus .
For countries with low to moderate inflation , moderate increases in inflation do not lead to runaway inflation , regardless of what central bankers may say on the matter .
It did not .
A transition that lasts two decades , during which poverty and inequality increase enormously as a few become wealthy , can not be called a victory for capitalism or democracy .
The IMF did not want Russia to devalue , and it provided billions of dollars to prop up the exchange rate .
This was a remarkable confession : these officials evidently believed that their policies had wrecked nearly half of Russia 's economic capacity in the space of just a few years -- a level of destruction not even Hitler 's Nazi armies had achieved .
They shunted aside micro-level data that showed that there was in fact excess capacity , just as they ignored a World Bank analysis showing that fresh IMF loans would not restore economic growth , but would only leave the country deeper in debt .
The results were predictable : the 1998 bailout did not work , but devaluation did .
In the long run , we should be concerned not just with the pace of economic growth but with the type of society that is created .
But there is another vision of a market economy , one based on greater equality , and which uses the power of markets to bring prosperity not just to the few but to all of society .
That Russia 's transition did not achieve this is no a surprise .
That goal was not a part of the reformers ' vision .
This is mostly a matter of engineering , not politics .
Economic policies are usually not technocratic in this sense .
Deciding which policy to choose involves choices among values , not just technical questions about which policy is in some morally uncontroversial sense `` better . ''
These value choices are political choices , which can not be left to technocrats .
Rejecting this proposal was not a matter of unbridled populism .
But there is a fundamental difference between developed European countries and emerging markets : the size of the informal sector , from which VAT is not collected .
Economic theory supports a VAT only if one does not care about distribution and if one can impose a tax on all commodities .
But controlling inflation is not an end in itself : it is merely a means of achieving faster , more stable growth , with lower unemployment .
A focus on inflation may make sense for countries with long histories of inflation , but not for others , like Japan .
America 's central bank , the Federal Reserve , is mandated not only to ensure price stability , but also to promote growth and full employment .
But that is not the point : the point is that no one could be sure .
Who bears it varies with different policies , and that is a decision that can not -- or at least should not -- be left to central bank technocrats .
Workers , for instance , who have much to lose if the central bank pursues an excessively tight policy , do not have a seat at the table .
But financial markets -- which do not have much to lose from unemployment , but are affected by inflation -- are typically well represented .
Likewise , developing countries need to consider not only the central bank 's independence , but also its mandate and representativeness .
For example , both political parties in the US now accept the notion that when a country is in a recession , it is not only permissible , but even desirable , to run deficits .
And the public pension system has provided the elderly with a kind of security -- both against inflation and the vagaries of the stock market -- that the private market to date simply has not .
Those in Mexico , Indonesia , Brazil , India and other emerging markets should be told a quite different message : do not strive for a mythical free-market economy , which has never existed .
Do not follow the encomiums of US special interests , whether in the corporate or financial arena , because , although they preach free markets , back home they rely on the US government to advance their aims .
Instead , developing economies should look carefully , not at what America says , but at what it did in the years when America emerged as an industrial power , and what it does today .
For society to function , it must provide individuals with incentives not to do so , through rewards and punishments , regulations and fines .
Of course , individuals have a moral responsibility not to injure others .
Indeed , this is perhaps the central moral imperative -- do unto others as you would have them do unto you , and do not do unto others as you would not have them do unto you .
But modern society can not and does not simply rely on individuals doing the `` right '' thing .
These institutions knew , or they should have known , that their loans and aid was not going to help the country 's desperately poor people . It would only leave them deeper in debt .
For a start , it means debt forgiveness : international lenders may not be able to compensate fully the damage caused when their money helps maintain odious autocrats in power , but at least the victims should not be burdened by a disastrous financial legacy .
The Truth and Reconciliation process may or may not work to heal South Africa 's wounds , but if corporations are to be provided with incentives to do the right thing , they must now pay the price for the profits that they reaped from that abhorrent system .
For Apartheid 's demise has not solved the country 's deep economic problems , including an unemployment rate in excess of 25 % .
But it is to be hoped that the West 's legal systems will provide an alternative recourse , one that will not only partially redress past injustices , but provide incentives for corporations to think twice before profiting from brutal regimes in the future .
It 's not just a question of providing access , but of eliminating the subsidies that encourage production in rich countries and harm farmers in poor countries .
Here , there has been some progress -- but not enough .
The trade negotiators are not even discussing eliminating this double standard .
There is a real danger that what was intended to remedy the imbalances of previous trade rounds will not only fail to do so , but may introduce new imbalances .
At the very moment when the IMF has finally recognized that such liberalization may produce instability but not growth , the WTO is now pursuing it .
But currencies are not ends in themselves ; they are means - to stronger , more stable growth .
While it may have done so in a few countries , it has not done so in Europe as a whole .
Of course , the Euro alone is not to be blamed for Europe 's slow growth .
Smaller countries would not get the monetary stimulation they needed .
Combined with the Stability Pact -- another case of institutional rigidity that prevents effective use of fiscal policy -- Europe has unnecessarily slipped into a major slowdown , if not a recession .
It is not destabilizing speculation that poses the biggest threat to Sweden today , but rather poor monetary management - including an excessive focus on inflation in the manner of the ECB .
But small countries , like Portugal , do not .
The ECB is unlikely to pay serious attention to Sweden 's specific needs , so Sweden will probably not be given the wiggle room granted its larger neighbors .
Economics is not supposed to be an exact science , but is n't this tardiness taking things a bit too far ?
In fact , the questions posed by the NBER may not be the right questions , or at least the most relevant .
But that does not mean that the economy is performing well .
The economy has grown , but not enough to create new jobs , let alone to create enough new jobs for all the new entrants to the labor force .
So Americans are right not to let declarations about the end of the US recession make them feel good .
Weak economic performance -- whether it is called a recession or not -- smells just as bad .
Capital market liberalization was the culprit , exposing countries to the vagaries of international capital flows -- to both irrational pessimism and optimism , not to mention the manipulation of speculators .
Yet the IMF was still lobbying to change its charter in order to force countries to liberalize their capital markets , ignoring the evidence that this did not lead to enhanced growth or more investment , but only to more instability .
Now six years later , we can say that those discussions did not lead to much real change .
Today the IMF is more aware of the impact its programs have on poverty -- though it still does not produce a `` poverty and unemployment impact '' statement when it presents a program .
The IMF has not , however , fully grasped that the conditions were often dangerously misguided , and often dealt with political issues that were beyond its mission .
Unfortunately , it still has not recognized a basic principle underlying modern democracy : citizens ' right to know .
Unfortunately , it did not recognize that as a major creditor it could never be viewed as an impartial judge , and so could not have a pivotal role .
Crises will not be things of the past .
For any fundamental reforms must address not only the difficult problems posed by the global reserve system and the burdens of risk borne by the developing countries , but also global governance .
Short run concerns , however , should not distract the G-7 from long run issues .
Coordinating economic policies between north and south is the most important of these because the world is facing here not a short slowdown , but a long term crisis .
Equally important are deserving countries that do not meet the current standards for relief .
Free trade is preached as a gospel everywhere , but rich countries do not seem to hear their own message : their markets remain closed to many developing country exports ; they subsidize agriculture massively , making it impossible for developing countries to compete . Do as we say , not as we do ; that seems to be the G-7 message .
Within the G-7 countries , when economic matters are debated , not just finance ministries and central bankers speak . Labor , commerce , consumers are also heard .
It is not the Rockefellers and the Gateses of this world that are the strongest advocates of a `` level playing field '' and respect for law -LRB- including the law of competition -RRB- .
For this reason , coming to terms with the illegitimate privatizations of the 1990 's , which are at the root of wealth inequality in Russia , is something that still needs to be done -- and not only as a matter of justice ; it is important for the long-term performance of Russia 's economy .
If property is not secure -- or even is not perceived as secure -- incentives are distorted .
Worse , if the legacy of illegitimate privatizations is not addressed , the economic oligarchy will likely be transformed into a political one as well .
For if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains , it is not hard to imagine someone like Khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside his business empire -- cashing in his Yukos shares , parking his wealth in a safe haven offshore , and using it to manipulate Russian politics .
To be sure , the tax would not solve all of Russia 's problems .
It would not eliminate huge inequalities .
It would not create a new middle class .
Most importantly , while it would not ensure the creation of a viable democracy , it would at least reduce the threat to democracy posed by the increasingly poisonous role played by money in Russian politics .
But the US is finally realizing that even a superpower can not ensure security in a country occupied by force .
The US and Europe not only tried to impose their trade agenda on developing countries ; they also continued to insist on their right to subsidize agriculture and raised new demands that would have made lives in developing countries even worse .
In Miami last November , they agreed to a Free Trade Area of the Americas that did not , in fact , provide for free trade , and barely went beyond what had already been agreed within the WTO .
If there was not outright corruption in the $ 7 billion in contracts awarded to Halliburton , whose former chairman was Vice President Dick Cheney , there was undoubtedly a strong whiff of crony capitalism .
More than a decade after the beginning of the transition , many postcommunist countries have not even returned to pre-transition income levels .
Indeed , shock therapy 's advocates argue that its failures were due not to excessive speed - too much shock and not enough therapy - but to insufficient shock .
To be sure , Russians went decades without opportunities to exercise entrepreneurship , while Ba'athist rule did not suppress Iraq 's merchant class and entrepreneurial spirit in any comparable way .
This does not mean that the world should abandon Iraq .
Yet this very heterogeneous group was able to crystallize the emerging global consensus that globalization , despite its positive potential , has not only failed to live up to that potential , but has actually contributed to social distress .
To those confronting the prospect of death , what matters is access to life-saving drugs , not whether what is killing the person is part of an epidemic .
On the eve of Koehler 's arrival as Managing Director , the world had experienced a period of financial turbulence not seen since the 1930 's .
The Europeans then agreed that Germany had not had its fair turn at the leadership of a major international organization , and so the choice was a simple one : a German acceptable to America would get the job .
Experience in developing countries , where virtually all of the crises with which the IMF has had to deal occur , was not even thought to be a pre-requisite !
But at least it now recognizes that capital market liberalization - - long the centerpiece of its agenda - did not bring developing countries faster growth , only more instability .
The IMF 's economic framework still does not provide for countercyclical fiscal policies , because the IMF remains ambivalent about the standard Keynesian prescription of stimulating an economy in a downturn .
In Brazil and elsewhere , the IMF 's distorted accounting frameworks - - what it does and does not count as expenditures - continues to impede the investments required to modernize public-sector enterprises and to put a major roadblock in the way of land reform .
While the President of Germany is not supposed to intervene in the day-to-day management of the country , his voice will no doubt be influential .
Economists differ on how best to meet these challenges . But the IMF 's track record on diagnosing problems and prescribing solutions is not enviable .
Europe needs structural reforms , but such reforms alone will not end the Continent 's malaise , and some measures - those that weaken employment protection or the social safety net - may come at a high price , especially for people at the bottom .
While it has trimmed its welfare state , it has not abandoned it . Economic performance equals or exceeds that in most of the rest of Europe .
The laws of economics , they assert , ensure that in the long run there will be jobs for everyone who wants them , so long as government does not interfere in market processes by setting minimum wages or ensuring job security , or so long as unions do n't drive up wages excessively .
Those who summarily dismiss the loss of jobs miss a key points : America 's economy has not been performing well .
At the very least , this shows that markets by themselves do not quickly work to ensure that there is a job for everyone who wishes to work .
But there is , I think , an even deeper reason for concerns about outsourcing of , say , hi-tech jobs to India : it destroys the myth - which has been a central tenet of the globalization debate in the US and other advanced industrial countries - that workers should not be afraid of globalization .
But this is supposedly a good thing , not a bad thing , because America should be specializing in its areas of comparative advantage , involving skilled labor and advanced technology .
But a majority of even highly training engineers and scientists are involved in what is called `` ordinary science , '' the important , day-to-day improvements in technology that are the basis of long-term increases in productivity - and it is not clear that America has a long-term competitive advantage here .
Haircuts , like a host of other activities requiring detailed local knowledge , can not be outsourced .
Growth will be enhanced , but workers may be worse off - and not just those who lose their jobs .
I believe American abuses of human rights and the canons of civilized peoples that have come to light in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Guantanamo Bay , and the more horrendous abuses that almost surely will come to light later , are not merely the act of aberrant individuals .
Sadly , torture and other atrocities do happen in war - and the Iraq war is certainly not the only time torture has been used - but I believe that the Bush administration is responsible for creating a climate in which international law and democratic processes have been disregarded .
Cheney 's answer was jarring : he said that because the detainees were captured in Afghanistan where they had been trying to kill US troops , the rules regarding prisoners of war did not apply .
They were not concerned with legalisms , about whether , technically , the Geneva conventions did or did not apply . They were concerned about basic canons of human rights .
For weeks the Bush administration kept the report on abuses in Iraqi prisons from the American people by pressuring CBS not to air the photographs in its possession .
The American media have not emerged unscathed .
Had the letter and spirit of these safeguards been followed , we would not have been in this war at all , or at least not alone .
Yes , it is conceivable that Bush did not have accurate information about whether Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction .
But under the international rules that America is supposed to follow , wars should not be undertaken based on the judgment of one individual and his cabal .
The judgment of the world was that the evidence was not there - and the world was right .
Had Bush only gone along with the democratic processes enshrined in the UN Charter , the trauma of Iraq need not have occurred .
It is clear that the checks needed to prevent abuse in the Iraqi and Afghan prisons were not in place , and that the Bush Administration had created a climate that made such abuses more likely , if not inevitable .
Whether they have the force of law is not the point ; they provide guidance for civilized behavior .
Our first message was that the current round of trade negotiations , especially as it has evolved , does not deserve even to be called a Development Round .
Whether or not developing countries benefited was of little concern .
But this issue too is not on the agenda .
-LRB- As the old adage has it , banks only like to lend to those who do not need money . -RRB-
? Third , oil and other natural resources , while perhaps a source of wealth , do not create jobs by themselves , and unfortunately , they often crowd out other economic sectors .
The Netherlands , after its discovery of North Sea gas and oil , found itself plagued with growing unemployment and workforce disability -LRB- many of those who could not get jobs found disability benefits to be more generous than unemployment benefits . -RRB-
When the exchange rate soars as a result of resource booms , countries can not export manufactured or agriculture goods , and domestic producers can not compete with an onslaught of imports .
Secret bank accounts not only support terrorism , but also facilitate the corruption that undermines development .
Abundant natural resources can and should be a blessing , not a curse .
But if the CEO is not accountable , who is ?
If they were not following precise orders , they were at least responding to vague pro forma instructions from the top : do n't do anything illegal , just maximize profits .
Even though a CEO can not know everything , he or she is still ultimately responsible for what occurs in the company they run .
He may also claim that , with many thousands of troops under his command , it was impossible for him to ensure that US soldiers were not committing atrocities , torture , or violations of civil liberties .
But there is a fundamental sense in which Bush , like Ken Lay , is culpable , and must be held accountable . Just as a CEO with a record not only of poor performance , but also of massive corporate misconduct , should be fired , so , too , should political leaders be held to a similar standard .
Bush chose as his Vice-President a man who once served as CEO of Halliburton . Dick Cheney clearly can not be held responsible for corporate misconduct after he left Halliburton , but there is mounting evidence about misconduct that took place while he was at the helm .
Most importantly , Bush did not ask the hard questions - perhaps because he , like those below him , already knew the answers they wanted .
They created a closed culture , impervious to contradictory facts , a culture in which civil rights have been given short shrift and some people have been deemed not to deserve any rights protection at all .
Only such a culture - one that undermined the longstanding presumption that an accused person is innocent until proven guilty - could produce the Bush administration 's niggling legal distinctions concerning what is and what is not torture .
The abuses that have been documented at places such as Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo may not have been an inevitable consequence of the administration 's legal memos , but surely those memos increased enormously the likelihood that torture would be viewed as acceptable .
What is good for Alcoa , however , is not necessarily good for America or the world .
So what makes for good profits -- creating global monopolies -- does not make for good public policy .
While Secretary O'Neill may preach that the problems of the world arise not from too much but from too little of a market economy , trying to create a new global cartel in steel only makes sense for big steel businesses .
It certainly does not given him the right to say that the European Union 's recent decision blocking the merger of Honeywell and General Electric was `` off the wall . ''
The fact that it did not let corporate influences dominate its decision is testimony to the leadership and integrity of Mario Monti and Romano Prodi and the integrity and commitment to competition in Europe .
The ready profits from monopoly can buy influence in high places , if not through bribes , then through big campaign contributions .
Strong competition policy is not just a luxury to be enjoyed by rich countries , but a real necessity for those striving to create democratic market economies .
But while Bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security .
Even if the 59 million votes cast for Bush represented a ringing endorsement of his Iraq policy , it would not restore America 's international credibility .
Before the invasion of Iraq , they wanted America to go to the UN , and today they recognize that America alone can not maintain order in the Middle East .
Those who voted for Bush may not be as outraged by American involvement in torture , or the misleading information about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction and connections with Al Qaeda , as those abroad .
But they do not want America alone to shoulder the burdens of international peace , and they are gradually coming to the realization that leadership and cooperation do not come automatically , simply because America is the only superpower .
Peace will not quickly be restored to Iraq , and it is hard to conceive of opening up a major new front , when America can hardly manage what it has already undertaken .
Standing up for multilateralism and international rule of law may not only be the morally right thing to do ; it is also in the interests of America 's allies and , ultimately , America itself .
By itself , privatization is clearly not the solution .
But the stock market does not guarantee returns ; it does not even guarantee that the stock values will keep up with inflation -- and there have been periods in which they have not .
America 's Social Security system insulates individuals against the vagaries of the market and inflation , providing a form of insurance that the private market does not offer .
If benefits are not reduced , the gap between receipts and expenditures will increase .
So privatization would not protect retirees against the Social Security system 's insolvency ; it would merely add enormously to today 's fiscal deficit , because partial privatization entails diverting money to private funds that would have been used to close the gap between government expenditures and revenue .
Had Argentina not privatized , its budget would have been roughly in balance .
It has often joined with the IMF in strong-arming countries into accepting this `` advice '' : unless they do , they will not only be cut off by the IMF and the World Bank , but also by other donors , and capital markets will be discouraged from providing funds .
But the presidency of the World Bank is a rare presidential plum -- an appointment that is not subject even to Congressional hearings .
How can advice on democratic reforms be taken seriously when the multilateral institutions that offer it do not subscribe to the same standards of openness , transparency , and participation that they advocate ?
But this does not outweigh the risk of underperforming , which is why the best policy is to look for the best candidate .
Choosing the right general in that war will not assure victory , but choosing the wrong one surely enhances the chances of failure .
It welcomed -LRB- if it did not actively participate in -RRB- the toppling of Venezuela 's democratically elected leader , but it continues to support Pakistan 's military dictator .
Modern technology makes it easy to have a paper trail for voting machines , at little cost ; yet several states chose not to provide this minimal safeguard .
No one can imagine hiring a worker , but allowing him not to inform his employer about what he is doing on the job .
But a lack of accurate information has equally , if not more , severe consequences for political processes .
Good information requires not just the right to know , but also the right to tell -- a diversified media .
There are , as we noted , justified complaints about the lack of diversity in television broadcasting in Russia , yet Bush has not opposed efforts by America 's Federal Communications Commission to weaken laws on media concentration .
Fortunately , even if Bush does not understand such basic principles , America 's courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing his administration to abide by them .
The Bank began to recognize that developing countries differed from more developed countries not just in their lack of resources ; there was also a knowledge gap .
Among the success stories were India and East Asia , which invested heavily not just in primary education , but also in secondary and tertiary education , and especially in technology and science .
When Bank research showed that conditionality did not work , the Bank under Wolfensohn moved away from it .
Democracy requires active debate about economic policies , not the suppression of discussion or the delegation of decision-making to experts , whether domestic or foreign .
The Bank 's attempt to open the debate was not well received , by either the US Treasury or the IMF , but its influence was undeniable .
Gradually the Bank came to be perceived , at least in many quarters , as a partner in the joint quest for growth and poverty reduction , not an adversary attempting to promote a Western economic agenda or ideology .
Wolfensohn meant it when he said that he wanted to put the country in the driver 's seat , though not everyone within the Bank was as enthusiastic about this -LRB- or some of his other -RRB- initiatives .
The developing world understandably does not want to sacrifice its growth for a global public good , especially when the United States , the richest country in the world , seems unwilling to sacrifice even a little of its luxurious life style .
Led by Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica , a group of developing countries , a new rainforest coalition has now come forward with an innovative proposal , not only offering to commit to greenhouse-gas limits , but also showing how this can be done in a way that will promote their development .
But , especially after the signing of the Kyoto protocol , we can value at least part of these environmental services : carbon sequestration -LRB- that is , if they did not maintain their forests , the level of carbon concentrations in the atmosphere would be enormously higher -RRB- .
While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they can not be compensated for avoiding deforestation .
Despite the demise of colonialism , candidates from developing countries -- the focus of the IMF 's activities -- need not apply .
No , this was an American appointment -- and a plum one at that , because it is not subject to approval by the US Congress .
Unfortunately , Dr. Krueger 's track record is not reassuring .
The IMF needs a new paradigm , not a warmed-over embodiment of a stale and repugnant ideology .
But , at the least , Dr. Krueger 's arrival at the Fund does not bode well -- either for the developing world or for shoring up the IMF 's eroded legitimacy .
Agreement by the G-8 to debt relief is a major event , but we should not be fooled by the seeming magnanimity of the gesture : much of the debt would not have been repaid in any case .
Perhaps not surprisingly , the IMF has tried to pour cold water on international enthusiasm for its generosity .
New studies , it warns , suggest that aid does not in general lead to faster growth .
Now , the IMF offers the following reassurance : `` You may be stingy , you may not be living up to your commitments , but the money probably would n't have made much difference anyway . ''
Of course , not all foreign-aid money is well spent .
Even if Americans have not been cheated by Defense Department suppliers like Halliburton , it is clear that the money spent in Iraq has not bought the promised peace and security in the Middle East .
In any case , not much weight , in my judgment , should be given to the IMF 's statistical studies of the impact of foreign aid on growth , partly because the results do not appear to be very robust .
Equally important , historically much foreign aid was provided not to promote development , but to purchase friendship , especially during the Cold War .
The money worked as intended -- not to promote development , but to keep Zaire on the side of the West .
Four years after the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , and with billions of dollars allegedly spent on `` preparedness '' for another emergency , America has shown the world that it was not prepared -- even for an event that came with ample warning .
The Bush administration 's response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that , while they might send their boys to fight America 's wars , they had not only been left behind in America 's prosperity , but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most .
Seldom do the `` chickens come home to roost '' as quickly as they have in recent years -- an ill-conceived war , attempted on the cheap , has not brought peace to the Middle East .
The market did not respond to the need for evacuation by sending in huge convoys of buses to get people out ; in some places , it did respond by tripling hotel prices in neighboring areas , which , while reflecting the marked change in supply and demand , is reviled as price gouging .
The Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen has emphasized that most famines are associated not with a shortage of food , but the failure to get food to the people who need it , largely because they lack purchasing power .
America , the richest country in the world , clearly had the resources to evacuate New Orleans . Bush simply forgot the poor -- the tens , perhaps hundreds of thousands , who simply did not have the resources to pay for their own evacuation .
But even if they had had the money , it is not obvious that markets would have responded quickly enough to provide the needed supply ; in times of crisis , they often simply do n't .
That 's one of the reasons why the military does not use a price system to allocate resources .
The rest of the world has begun to take heed , but Bush , having ignored warnings about Al Qaeda 's plans prior to September 11 , 2001 , and having not only ignored the warnings about New Orleans levees , but actually gutted funding to shore them , has not led America to do likewise .
Let 's not forget that , within the limits of its powers , the UN worked .
After reviewing the evidence , it concluded that the case for going to war had not been made , while the risk of turmoil -- about which most experts in the region warned -- almost certainly weighed on the deliberations .
Since then , evidence has mounted not only that there were no weapons of mass destruction , but that the American and British governments provided deceptive , distorted , and misleading information .
In other words , deliberative democracy - -- perhaps our most important safeguard against headstrong and reckless action -- worked at the UN , but not in the US .
Unfortunately , the UN could not prevent the US and other countries from taking actions that almost surely contravene international law .
When weapons of mass destruction were not found , the US and its small -LRB- and dwindling -RRB- `` coalition of the willing '' conjured up a new rationale -- the struggle for democracy .
Replacing repressive dictatorships would , in fact , represent a vast expansion of the UN 's mandate , one that I suspect the US would not support .
More to the point , it did not bode well for a supposedly democratizing project to reject democratic processes at the UN .
So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
The Fed failed to avert the economic downturn of 1990 , and a reading of Greenspan 's testimony to Congress during that period makes clear that the basic nature of the economy 's problems was not well understood .
The fault was not only in the magnitude of the tax cut , but also in its design ; by directing the cuts at upper-income Americans , it provided little economic stimulus .
But soaring deficits did not return the economy to full employment , so the Fed did what it had to do -- cut interest rates .
Lower interest rates worked , but not so much because they boosted investment , but because they led households to refinance their mortgages , and fueled a bubble in housing prices .
It is still not clear what led Greenspan to support the tax cut .
Such fundamental issues can not be relegated to technocrats , particularly when those technocrats place the interests of one segment of society above others .
But it nonetheless remains true that whatever is unsustainable will not be sustained , which creates great risks for the US and global economy in 2006 .
First , while the US Federal Reserve continued hiking short-term interest rates , long-terms rates did not increase in tandem , which allowed housing prices to continue rising .
In any case , even if firms are cash-rich , they do not typically expand investment during periods when consumption is slowing .
But this is not the only reason for bleaker prospects for America and the world in 2006 .
As if that were not bad enough , Germany 's new government is promising to raise taxes .
With confidence in Bush 's economic management almost as low as confidence in his management of the Iraq war , there is every reason to worry that should one of these crises emerge , it will not be well managed .
But it is more likely that 2006 will just be another year of malaise : China 's significance within the global economy is still not large enough to offset weaknesses in the rest of the world . America , too , will manage to muddle through again -- leaving even higher levels of debt for the future .
For the offshore banking centers were not an accident .
This was a matter not only of national interest , but of global interest .
We uncovered a secret agreement between USEC and Minatom -LRB- the Russian agency in charge of the nuclear materials -RRB- in which , in response to a Russian offer to send more of their nuclear material to the US for safekeeping , USEC said , `` No , no thanks , '' and then went on to pay $ 50 million in hush-money to the Russians not to disclose the offer .
USEC repeatedly tried to hold the American taxpayer for ransom , saying that it would not continue to bring the Russian material into the United States unless it was paid additional money .
It is not clear now whether USEC will continue to satisfy those conditions -LRB- unless the US Treasury turns a blind eye -RRB- .
Aymara and Quechua , their languages , were not even recognized for conducting public business .
During his campaign , Morales made clear his intention to increase state control over national gas and oil . But he had made it equally clear that he did not intend to expropriate the property of energy firms -- he wanted foreign investors to stay .
Bolivia contributed to these joint enterprises not only with resources , but also with previous investments .
If the Bolivians do not get fair value for their country 's natural wealth , their prospects are bleak .
Even if they do , they will need assistance , not only to extract their resources , but also to improve the health and education of all Bolivians -- to ensure long-term economic growth and social welfare .
With elections looming in November , President George W. Bush could not `` sacrifice '' the 25,000 wealthy cotton farmers or the 10,000 prosperous rice farmers and their campaign contributions .
Developing countries can not , and should not , open up their markets fully to America 's agricultural goods unless US subsidies are fully eliminated .
At the onset of the development round , most developing countries worried not only that the EU and the US would renege on their promises -LRB- which they have in large part -RRB- , but also that the resulting agreement would once again make them worse off .
The rest of the world must not embrace America 's unilateral approach : the multilateral trade system is too precious to allow it to be destroyed by a US President who has repeatedly shown his contempt for global democracy and multilateralism .
But it has not done that .
Economic theory does not say that everyone will win from globalization , but only that the net gains will be positive , and that the winners can therefore compensate the losers and still come out ahead .
We have become more interdependent , increasing the need to act together , but we do not have the institutional frameworks for doing this effectively and democratically .
It is an understandable concern : money that the Bank lends to developing countries that ends up in secret bank accounts or finances some contractors ' luxurious lifestyle leaves a country more indebted , not more prosperous .
James Wolfensohn , the Bank 's previous president , and I are widely credited with putting corruption on the Bank 's agenda , against opponents who regarded corruption as a political issue , not an economic one , and thus outside the Bank 's mandate .
Third , the World Bank 's primary responsibility is to fight poverty , which means that when it confronts a poor country plagued with corruption , its challenge is to figure out how to ensure that its own money is not tainted and gets to projects and people that need it .
At a minimum , Western governments and corporations should not be complicit .
Indeed , one reason for the so called `` natural resource curse '' - -- the fact that resource-rich countries do not , on average , do as well as resource-poor countries -- is the prevalence of corruption , too often aided and abetted by companies that would like to get the resources they sell at discount prices .
While the government has since reversed its stance on bank secrecy for terrorists , it has not done so for corrupt officials .
Those who criticize the Bank 's stance on corruption do not do so because they favor corruption .
But money itself will not solve all problems , and a single-minded focus on fighting corruption will not bring development .
Without subsidies , it would not pay for Americans to produce much cotton ; with them , the US is the world 's largest cotton exporter .
Written under the leadership of Sir Nicholas Stern of the London School of Economics , who succeeded me as Chief Economist of the World Bank , the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming , but whether we can afford not to .
Still , some suggest that because we are not certain about how bad global warming will be , we should do little or nothing .
To me , uncertainty should make us act more resolutely today , not less .
To an economist , the problem is obvious : polluters are not paying the full costs of the damage they cause .
This does not mean an increase in overall taxation , but simply a substitution in each country of a pollution -LRB- carbon -RRB- tax for some current taxes .
Some policymakers have concluded from Phelps ' analysis that the unemployment rate can not be lowered permanently without ever-increasing levels of inflation .
Thus , monetary authorities should simply focus on price stability by targeting the rate of unemployment at which inflation does not increase , referred to as the `` non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment '' -LRB- NAIRU -RRB- .
But the NAIRU is not immutable .
But , whatever the reason , policymakers face considerable uncertainty about the level of NAIRU . Thus , they still face a trade-off between pushing unemployment too low , and setting off an episode of inflation , and not pushing hard enough , resulting in an unnecessary waste of economic resources .
How one views these risks depends on the costs of undoing mistakes , which in turn depends on other properties of the inflation-unemployment relationship that Phelps ' analysis did not address .
While most central banks are inflation hawks , this stance is a matter of religion , not economic science .
Nor is there evidence that inflation , should it increase slightly , can not be reversed at a relatively minor cost -- comparable to the benefits of additional employment and growth enjoyed in the excessive expansion of the economy that led to the increase in inflation .
Phelps ' economics remains one of action , not resignation .
With two of the world 's largest economies facing sustained deflation in the last few years , and inflation contained almost everywhere , the focus should not be inflation , but rather unemployment and underutilization of economic capacity .
But the IMF is telling everyone not to have a deficit .
The deficit does not disappear ; it just moves on .
An annual issue of SDR 's in that amount would offset the purchasing power set aside in currency reserves and would thus not be inflationary .
But a closer look at what he is doing , and not doing , shows clearly that he has mostly heard the call of his campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries , and that he has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions .
As the world 's largest polluter , accounting for roughly a quarter of global carbon emissions , America 's reluctance to do more is perhaps understandable , if not forgivable .
But claims by Bush that America can not afford to do anything about global warming ring hollow : other advanced industrial countries with comparable standards of living emit only a fraction of what the US emits per dollar of GDP .
What is at stake is not protecting domestic producers , but protecting our planet .
We can not expect innovation without paying for it .
But the patent system not only restricts the use of knowledge ; by granting -LRB- temporary -RRB- monopoly power , it often makes medications unaffordable for people who do n't have insurance .
In the Third World , this can be a matter of life and death for people who can not afford new brand-name drugs but might be able to afford generics .
That said , the prize fund would not replace patents .
For innovations that solve problems or meet needs that have not previously been widely recognized , the patent system would still play a role .
But the health care market is not an ordinary market .
Most people do not pay for what they consume ; they rely on others to judge what they should consume , and prices do not influence these judgments as they do with conventional commodities .
It is accordingly not surprising that in the area of health , the patent system , with all of its distortions , has failed in so many ways .
A medical prize fund would not provide a panacea , but it would be a step in the right direction , redirecting our scarce research resources toward more efficient uses and ensuring that the benefits of that research reach the many people who are currently denied them .
But the European project has been an enormous success , not only for Europe , but also for the world .
Europeans should not be dismayed by comparisons of GDP growth in Europe and , say , the United States .
An economy that , year after year , leaves most of its citizens worse off is not a success .
More importantly , the EU 's success should not be measured only by particular pieces of legislation and regulation , or even in the prosperity that economic integration has brought .
Nowhere in the world do neighbors live together more peacefully , and people move more freely and with greater security , than in Europe , owing in part to a new European identity that is not bound to national citizenship .
The most fundamental of these values is democracy , understood to entail not merely periodic elections , but also active and meaningful participation in decision making , which requires an engaged civil society , strong freedom of information norms , and a vibrant and diversified media that are not controlled by the state or a few oligarchs .
The transition from Communism to the market has not been easy , but Europe 's unprecedented generosity has paid off : the countries that have joined the EU have outperformed all the others , and not just because of access to Europe 's markets .
In today 's world , too , there is much that is not working well .
China recognized that it could not simply transfer economic institutions that had worked in other countries ; at the least , what succeeded elsewhere had to be adapted to the unique problems confronting China .
I recently visited a remote Dong village in the mountains of Quizho , one of China 's poorest provinces , miles away from the nearest paved road ; yet it had electricity , and with electricity had come not just television , but the internet .
More importantly , even if markets are not fully saturated in many areas , it will be hard to maintain double-digit growth rates for exports .
An increasingly prosperous China has not only expanded imports from other countries , but is also providing goods that have kept prices lower in the West , despite sharply higher oil prices in recent years .
But he also hired old friends and political allies -- many of whom did not have experience in development -- and sealed himself off from his staff , alienating the very people whose support he needed .
As we learned from the case of Larry Summers at Harvard , relationships inside institutions -LRB- not just with donors and funders -RRB- matter .
In this respect , Wolfowitz , while by all accounts an intelligent and pleasant person , did not do himself any favors .
Worse , Wolfowitz did not seem to have a grand vision for the Bank .
Will you be open to research even when that research shows that policies of the advanced industrial countries may , at least in some circumstances , not be in the interests of developing countries ?
What separates developing countries from developed countries is not only the gap in resources , but also a gap in knowledge .
If not , how should the Bank respond ?
Not only has the Bank not been active in promoting these globally agreed standards , there is a concern that the Bank discourages collective bargaining and protections for workers when it talks about `` flexible labor markets '' and conditions that are conducive to private investment .
For those developing countries that remain heavily indebted abroad , an increase in risk premia would almost certainly bring economic turmoil , if not crisis .
But the US Treasury and the IMF realized that the likely reforms , as desirable as they were for the world , were not in their interest .
Indeed , the two most important lessons of the crisis have not been absorbed .
It was not an accident that the only two major developing countries to be spared a crisis were India and China .
We may not be facing a repeat of the global financial crisis of 1997 , but make no mistake , imperfections in the global financial system can still be costly , both in terms of global prosperity and stability .
Malaysia 's peaceful , non-violent struggle may not have received the attention that Mahatma Gandhi 's did in India , but what Malaysia has accomplished since then is impressive -- and has much to teach the world , both about economics , and about how to construct a vibrant multi-racial , multi-ethnic , multi-cultural society .
Malaysia has succeeded in markedly reducing the income divides that separated various ethnic groups , not by bringing the top down , but by bringing the bottom up .
There were many reasons not to have expected Malaysia to be a success .
Malaysia is rich in natural resources . But , with few exceptions , such countries are afflicted with the so-called `` natural resource curse '' : countries with an abundance of resources not only do not do as well as expected , but actually do worse than countries without such benefits .
Most tellingly , during the financial crisis of 1997 , it did not adopt IMF policies -- and as a result had the shortest and shallowest downturn of any of the afflicted countries .
When it re-emerged , it was not burdened with debt and bankrupt firms like so many of its neighbors .
This success was , of course , not only a matter of economics : had Malaysia followed the policies recommended by the IMF , it would have torn apart the social fabric created over the preceding four decades .
Malaysia 's success thus should be studied both by those looking for economic prosperity and those seeking to understand how our world can live together , not just with toleration , but also with respect , sharing their common humanity and working together to achieve common goals .
With middle-class incomes in the United States stagnating , Americans could not afford ever more expensive homes .
As one of my predecessors as Chairman of the US President 's Council of Economic Advisers famously put it , `` that which is not sustainable will not be sustained . ''
America 's household savings rate was at levels not seen since the Great Depression , either negative or zero .
Record-low interest rates in 2001 , 2002 and 2003 did not lead Americans to invest more -- there was already excess capacity .
When normal mortgages did not prime the pump enough , he encouraged them to take out variable-rate mortgages -- at a time when interest rates had nowhere to go but up .
Sometime in the future , payments would rise , but borrowers were told , again , not to worry : house prices would rise faster , making it easy to refinance with another negative amortization loan .
The only way -LRB- in this view -RRB- not to win was to sit on the sidelines .
While the US Treasury and the IMF warned East Asian countries facing financial crises ten years ago against the risks of bail-outs and told them not to raise their interest rates , the US ignored its own lectures about moral hazard effects , bought up billions in mortgages , and lowered interest rates .
But those from whom they buy them should provide a guarantee , so the public does not have to pay the price for their bad investment decisions .
Equity owners in banks should not get a free ride .
Securitization , with all of its advantages in sharing risk , has three problems that were not adequately anticipated .
While it meant that American banks were not hit as hard as they would otherwise , America 's bad lending practices have had global effects .
Securitization made debt restructuring difficult , if not impossible .
With mortgages amounting to 95 % or more of the value of the house , debt restructuring will not be easy .
There were many other innocent victims , including countries that had not even engaged in the international capital flows that were at the root of the crisis .
These countries are now growing at 5 % or 6 % or more -- not quite as fast as in the days of the East Asia miracle , but far more rapidly than many thought possible in the aftermath of the crisis .
It is no accident that these countries that had not fully liberalized their capital markets have done so well .
Subsequent research by the IMF has confirmed what every serious study had shown : capital market liberalization brings instability , but not necessarily growth . -LRB- India and China have , by the same token , been the fastest-growing economies . -RRB-
Whether US investors had greater expertise in banking in emerging markets may be debatable ; that they had greater expertise in tax avoidance is not .
It is not surprising , then , that ten years later , there has been no fundamental reform .
One concrete action that should be taken at Bali is support for the initiative of the Rainforest Coalition , a group of developing countries that want help to maintain their forests . These countries are providing environmental services for which they have not been compensated .
The timing of the conference is not propitious . George W. Bush , long a skeptic about global warming , and long committed to undermining multilateralism , remains America 's president .
These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions -- the only effective sanctions that the international community currently has -- can and should be imposed on those not going along .
While it provides them an incentive not to pollute , emission allowances offset much of what they would have to pay under a tax system .
For some , this is not a concern .
But it was always recognized that America 's growth under President George W. Bush was not sustainable .
Second , the United States took advantage of this by lowering interest rates to unprecedented levels , inducing a housing bubble , with mortgages available to anyone not on a life-support system .
Even if the US Federal Reserve continues to lower interest rates , lenders will not rush to make more bad mortgages .
Moreover , America has been exporting its problems abroad , not just by selling toxic mortgages and bad financial practices , but through the ever-weakening dollar , in part a result of flawed macro - and micro-policies .
It is not clear whether workers will continue to accept declines in their living standards in the name of an unbalanced globalization whose promises seem ever more elusive .
If monetary authorities respond appropriately to growing inflationary pressure -- recognizing that much of it is imported , and not a result of excess domestic demand -- we may be able to manage our way through it .
The Bush team not only misled the world about the war 's possible costs , but has also sought to obscure the costs as the war has gone on .
This is not surprising .
This is the first war in American history that has not demanded some sacrifice from citizens through higher taxes ; instead , the entire cost is being passed onto future generations .
Cash accounting meant that the Bush administration focused on today 's costs , not future costs , including disability and health care for returning veterans .
America has relied on private contractors , which have not come cheap .
A Blackwater Security guard can cost more than $ 1,000 per day , not including disability and life insurance , which is paid for by the government .
This war , in particular , has not been good for the economy , for three reasons .
Moreover , money spent on the Iraq war does not stimulate the economy today as much as money spent at home on roads , hospitals , or schools , and it does n't contribute as much to long-term growth .
With home prices falling -LRB- and set to continue to fall -RRB- , and with banks uncertain of their financial position , lenders will not lend and households will not borrow .
Developing countries currently face higher rates of inflation not because of poorer macro-management , but because oil and food prices are soaring , and these items represent a much larger share of the average household budget than in rich countries .
Indeed , given the size of the US economy , a slowdown there might conceivably have a far bigger effect on global prices than a slowdown in any developing country , which suggests that , from a global perspective , US interest rates , not those in developing countries , should be raised .
So long as developing countries remain integrated into the global economy -- and do not take measures to restrain the impact of international prices on domestic prices -- domestic prices of rice and other grains are bound to rise markedly when international prices do .
But , unless taken to an intolerable level , these measures by themselves can not bring inflation down to the targeted levels .
First , politicians , or central bankers , should not be blamed for imported inflation , just as we should not give them credit for low inflation when the global environment is benign .
I was not arguing for protectionism , but rather sounding a cautionary note that we must be aware of the downside risks and be prepared to deal with them .
But most developing countries do not have the institutional structures , or the resources , to do likewise .
Doubts surround not just likelihoods , but extend to the outcomes themselves , and what they might mean .
Such insights are not new , but they are often neglected in policymaking .
Knight recognized that a significant distinction should be drawn between outcomes whose probabilities are well characterized -LRB- `` risks '' -RRB- and those where this is not possible -LRB- `` uncertainties '' -RRB- .
Where we face uncertainty , though , we are confident in our knowledge of possible outcomes , but not of their likelihood -- owing either to difficulties in prediction or to lack of information .
These arise where we are unsure not just about how likely different outcomes are , but also about which outcomes are relevant .
Each is definitely happening -LRB- so `` probability '' is not the problem -RRB- , but what do they mean ?
Consequently , fully `` science-based decisions '' are not just difficult to achieve ; they are a contradiction in terms .
In their early stages , these sources of harm were not formally recognized , even as possibilities .
Great care is taken by officials to inform the Committee not just of the results of formal analysis by the sponsoring bodies , but also of complex real-world conditions and perspectives .
Why is this kind of thing not normal in scientific advising ?
As we know from the work of Thomas Kuhn and other philosophers of science , dominant paradigms do not always turn out to be the most accurate .
While there is arguably a genuine possibility that the recent protests in Tibet will prompt the authorities to change course , early signs are not promising .
International pressure alone will not change this .
On one hand , some international media painted a black-and-white -LRB- and not always entirely objective -RRB- portrait of the March violence as a brutal Chinese crackdown on peaceful Tibetan monks .
Activists can not possibly take aim at all foreign businesses in China , so most firms are unlikely to be specifically targeted or suffer reputational damage .
Absolutely not .
A sudden stop to such flows is a severe blow and raises special challenges that can not be solved by these countries alone .
But it is an uneasy calm that probably will not last .
But it is not too late to avoid a global depression .
This is not the time to take a break from efforts to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals .
This discussion of Africa 's prospects will involve not only official policy makers , but also representatives of the private sector and civil society , which , as we all recognize , have a key role to play .
This does not mean imposing rigid inflation targets . But a predictable monetary policy aimed at delivering medium-term price stability -- with a flexible exchange rate where appropriate -- benefits both the private sector and , most importantly , the poor .
This is not the time to renege on those commitments .
It is equally important to restart global trade talks and bring the Doha Round to a successful conclusion -- not least in order to protect Africa from the risk of rising protectionism .
As Africa and its partners navigate the financial storm together , we must ensure that the most vulnerable are not forgotten .
But we must not lose sight of the longer-term challenges that will remain after the storm abates .
Our shared objective is clear : to ensure that Africa not only weathers the immediate storm , but emerges from it stronger .
Second , for those not qualifying for the new instrument , the Fund 's workhorse lending facility , the Stand-By Arrangement , will be made more flexible along several dimensions .
Let our next failing not be the result of a lack of cooperation .
And , as a rising power , China is not a force that leaders , even democratic ones , dismiss lightly .
But the atmosphere gradually changed in recent years , and the `` troublemaker '' label , applied under Ma 's predecessor , President Chen Shui-bian of the Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- , has not been used for two years .
Moreover , China does not wish to see the DPP and its aggressively pro-independence leaders return to power .
This has allowed Ma 's administration to claim credit for improving relations with China . But the fundamental causes underlying the threat of a China-Taiwan war -- and conflict between China and the US , which has long been committed to supporting Taiwan should China seek to determine its status unilaterally -- have not been removed .
But each side 's interests need not be mutually exclusive .
The right to national self-determination does not imply an assertion of de jure independence .
For example , acknowledgement of Scotland 's right to choose independence has not resulted in Scotland leaving the United Kingdom .
Given China 's deep distrust , it will never believe that a DPP president who insists on the Taiwanese people 's right to determine their future will not secretly push for independence .
But , since China knows that Ma is not advocating independence , they are able to countenance with greater equanimity his commitment to sustain the Republic of China on Taiwan .
If ever there were an opportunity for China and Taiwan to find a way to ensure that future confrontations do not escalate and drag the US into a conflict , it is now .
China 's leaders need to be persuaded that conceding this point does not imply letting Taiwan move towards de jure independence .
And the People 's Republic will need to recognize that the best way to entice Taiwanese to embrace reunification is to make the proposition so attractive that they can not resist .
In fact , whereas Erdo?an recently visited many Middle East countries -- Syria , Lebanon , Egypt , Algeria , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Iran , and Iraq -- until this month , he had not been to Brussels since 2005 .
Turkey was able not only to defuse the international tensions surrounding its Arab neighbor , but also to engineer the start of direct talks between Syria and Israel .
Unlike the US , the EU 's difficulties stem not from a perceived lack of legitimacy or crude attempts at promoting democracy , but from a real lack of unity and , therefore , influence .
In that case , Turkey 's membership would not , as European federalists argue , lead to a weaker Europe .
He had no choice : they had arrested his father and would not release him until Huang agreed .
`` This affair was not as complicated as people made it out to be later , '' he said .
The Marchers did not know where they would end up . There were constant debates about the final destination .
But the `` promised land '' was not as promised . It could barely support its own population , let alone the Red Armies .
Women were ordered to turn back and go home because there was not enough food .
This may be enough to calm financial markets for now , but it will not redress the more fundamental problems behind the current turmoil .
While there has been some progress on harmonizing standards and extending surveillance , there has been far too much emphasis on strengthening governance in developing countries and not enough on systemic problems linked to unregulated private capital flows .
With the imminent threat of global recession , austerity measures are not the way to correct global imbalances .
It is estimated that at least 43.5 % of workers -- 1.3 billion people -- do not earn enough to lift themselves and their families above the $ 2-a-day poverty line .
Evidently , the global economy 's growth in recent decades -- including the last half-decade when many developing countries did quite well -- has not created enough good jobs .
Many service-sector jobs are low-paying , precarious , and not covered by formal mechanisms of social protection .
As individual savings accounts figure increasingly in social protection systems , governments need to provide adequate economic security for those who can not benefit from such social protection schemes .
Decent work for all is not a policy option , but an imperative .
Even now , there is enough food in the world , with a bumper harvest this year , but more people can not afford to buy the food they need .
But , as we respond to the current humanitarian emergency due to higher food prices , we must not lose sight of the longer-term problems that have undermined food security in recent decades .
As food supply growth slowed , demand continued to grow , and not only due to population increase .
But food can not be treated as just another commodity , and governments should develop appropriate policies , infrastructure , and institutions to ensure food security -LRB- not to be equated with total self-sufficiency -RRB- at the national or regional level .
But we should not rush to abandon bio-fuels , despite some undoubtedly poor policies in recent years .
Some bio-fuels are far more cost-effective and energy-efficient than others , and different bio-fuel stocks have very different opportunity costs for food agriculture -LRB- sugar has not experienced any significant price increase -RRB- .
However , cutting farm subsidies will increase food prices , at least initially , while reducing agricultural tariffs alone will not necessarily lead to an increase in food production in poor countries without complementary support .
Finally , as world leaders gather in Rome , the international community must secure a meaningful global commitment to food security that will not be undermined by contradictory policies .
This puts energy security well beyond the means of not just the poorest , but also of most people in emerging economies .
So far , rich countries have not risen to the challenge ; despite commitments made at Kyoto , Bali , and elsewhere , the resources committed for climate-change mitigation -- let alone adaptation -- in developing countries have been paltry and poorly targeted .
This time , moreover , the burden will not fall on one country alone , and a broader mix of traditional and innovative sources of financing are already available to help fund the required investment programs in energy efficiency and renewables .
This not only impaired long-term growth , but also increased food insecurity .
Such fads have not succeeded in significantly reducing poverty . This is not to deny some positive consequences .
Indeed , the logic of fiscal consolidation requires those economies that have recovered strongly to phase out their recovery efforts , while those that have not continue such efforts .
Instead , the US Federal Reserve has turned to a second round of `` quantitative easing . '' QE2 does not really create new money ; that will happen only if the banks lend , which they have not been doing so far .
However , these imbalances did not trigger the crisis alone , and reducing them certainly is not the most urgent priority , given the prospect of protracted stagnation in most of the G-7 and its likely adverse consequences for the world economy .
Hence , the US current-account deficit can not be addressed without dealing with related problems : first , the lack of a proper international reserve-currency arrangement , and , second , the perceived need of emerging-market economies with liberalized capital accounts to accumulate reserves for protection against volatile capital flows .
More worryingly , Basel 3 retains , if not deepens , biases in the Basel 2 rules against bank lending to developing countries , such as for trade finance .
With the G-7 struggling and emerging-market countries expected to support , if not lead , global recovery , that is an astonishingly short-sighted decision .
That has not stopped pundits and the media from exaggerating such fears , distracting from greater efforts to overcome protracted stagnation for much of the developed world , which will inevitably drag down economic recovery elsewhere , especially in developing countries .
As the economics commentator Martin Wolf has noted , `` The fiscal challenge is long term , not immediate . ''
Likewise , while Japan has the highest debt-to-GDP ratio among rich countries , this is not a serious problem because the debt is domestically held .
With private-sector demand still weak , austerity is slowing , not accelerating , recovery .
And yet many policymakers are insisting on immediate action to rectify not only fiscal deficits , but also trade imbalances and banks ' balance-sheet weaknesses .
This happened in 1980-1981 , when the US Federal Reserve raised real interest rates , ostensibly to kill inflation , inducing a global economic downturn as well . This contributed not only to sovereign-debt and fiscal crises , but also to protracted stagnation outside East Asia , including Latin America 's `` lost decade '' and Africa 's `` quarter-century retreat . ''
Labor-market liberalization in such circumstances not only undermines remaining social protection , but is also likely to diminish real incomes , aggregate demand , and , hence , recovery prospects .
Moreover , in recent decades , profits have risen not only at the expense of wages , but also with much more accruing to finance , insurance , and real estate compared to other sectors .
The outrageous increases in financial executives ' remuneration in recent years , which can not be attributed to increased productivity , have exacerbated the financial sector 's focus on the short term , while worsening its risk exposure in the longer term , thereby exacerbating systemic vulnerability .
The international financial institutions created after World War II were set up to ensure not only international monetary and financial stability , but also the conditions for sustained growth , employment generation , post-war reconstruction , and post-colonial development .
Indeed , the menace that now confronts us is not public debt or inflation , but a downward economic spiral that will be increasingly difficult to reverse .
Such a threat should not be taken lightly .
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans , and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries , are a much smarter solution than the current approach , which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe 's labor needs . This is an argument not for more migration , but for better migration -- well thought out and planned .
If we do not seize this moment for action , history could well pass us by .
But this will not suffice .
Building the institutions of a market economy should be the main focus , not alignment with expensive EU standards in food production or the environment ;
The bigger propensity of Italians to shrink the welfare state is not a recent phenomenon .
Whether Premier Berlusconi 's government succeeds or not - and why - will be instructive for all of Europe , in particular for European conservatives who now often seem adrift .
And the existence of a viable alternative has had a disciplining effect on politicians : not by chance , Silvio Berlusconi 's government served its entire electoral term .
Unfortunately , the new law -- hastily enacted at the last minute of the previous legislature -- has a silly formulation that does not guarantee an equally safe majority in the Senate .
Inaction is simply not an option for the new government . And yet agreement on virtually everything of significance will be very difficult to reach .
As if this was not enough , Prodi will face another problem .
This swing does not simply mark the return of traditional conservative parties and policies - smaller governments , more attention to the interests of capital - to power . Something new is at work .
But this idea does not convince everyone .
Large groups of `` outsiders '' -LRB- young unemployed and first time job seekers , temporary workers , shopkeepers and other self-employed -RRB- do not see these supposed benefits because they lack a stable and protected job , or do not qualify for unemployment insurance , or are too young to benefit from public pension systems .
Yet , welfare state reform is not a priority of right-wing populists .
European enlargement , moreover , although imminent , is not a done deal . Negotiations for enlargement are still under way .
Moreover , because much of the recent technological progress seen in the US largely remains to be exploited , the acceleration of productivity is not a temporary phenomenon , but a lasting one .
Since the new information technologies are easily available in all advanced countries , one would think that productivity would have accelerated everywhere , not just in the US .
But this did not happen .
One reason , not necessarily worrying , has to do with labor-market reforms .
In other words , Europe has not been able to exploit the new technologies for productive purposes , both as a user and as a producer of IT .
With regard to IT use , Europe has spent a lot of money investing in IT , but often not for productive purposes .
It would not be surprising if these institutions also retard efficient exploitation of the new technological advances in the workplace .
The `` Gang of 16 '' is absolutely right that the EU should have a single president , not two .
At first sight , these two options may seem similar . They are not .
The main problem is that a directly elected Commission President might be premature : Europe may not be ready for such a radical change .
But delegates to the Convention should not stop there .
After three years in office , he has not delivered on his economic agenda and his government is in shambles .
Those expectations were not modest .
Indeed , with the main exception of France , the euro does not seem to have been a blessing for the countries that adopted it .
Retail banking , however , remains segmented by national borders , so that households and smaller producers have not been much affected .
Yet , this symbol has not made the EU or the euro area any more popular .
To be sure , the introduction of the euro was a true revolution , and we can not yet see all its effects .
These distortions , not any shortcomings of the single currency , account for the euro area 's dismal economic performance .
The more fundamental problem with the euro is that its adoption has not pushed countries to address these underlying deficiencies .
This judgment may be too harsh , because we do not know whether the EU and the single market would have survived without the single currency .
But one thing is certain : Europe can not afford other `` distractions . ''
After all , is it not true that virtually all rich countries have democratic forms of government , while the poorest countries -LRB- mainly in Africa -RRB- are non-democracies ?
Countries that become democracies do not , on average , achieve faster economic growth after their political transition ; and , vice versa , democracies that fail and relapse into autocracy do not , on average , do worse than before .
Whatever the reason for the observed positive cross-country correlation between income and democracy , it should not be confused with causality .
Being democratic does not seem important in securing economic success .
This does not mean that democracy is unimportant . But the sequence of reforms is critical for successful economic development , with economic reforms coming first .
Allowing free elections and true political competition is also critically important , but this should follow economic reforms , not precede them .
Second , whatever growth there is in France does not trickle down to the poor .
Moreover , salaries can not fall below a legislated minimum wage , which is so high that the least productive and least skilled workers remain shut out of the labor market .
To be sure , the corporatist welfare state is not the only causes of today 's Gallic intifada .
Social assistance with no hope of individual improvement is not enough .
But the problem of excessive government debt is not confined to the EU .
But , despite the grim parallel , Japan 's government does not seem to think that it needs to take the problem seriously .
But tax hikes alone with not close Japan 's fiscal black hole .
Without a strategy for growth , an effort to reduce government spending , and a policy to stop deflation , a tax hike will not solve the problem .
Sometime this year , China 's GDP will exceed that of Japan -LRB- if it has not already done so -RRB- .
Second , the renminbi is expected to appreciate substantially in the coming years , owing not only to pressure over China 's huge trade surplus , but also to the Chinese government 's understanding that a stronger renminbi , despite its negative impact on exporters , is needed to fight inflation .
Without comprehensive reform under strong political leadership , a tax hike alone can not solve Japan 's problems .
That the ruling Democratic Party of Japan now seems trapped in a power struggle between Prime Minister Naoto Kan and party power broker Ichiro Ozawa suggests that serious economic reform is not at the top of the DPJ agenda .
This will make it difficult , if not impossible , for the domestic private sector to finance the budget deficit indefinitely .
This should not be surprising . He used to be involved in civic movements and groups -- like environmental organizations -- that take little heed of the need for economic growth .
Although the current president , Hu Jintao , is due to step down in 2012 , he will continue to hold a degree of power through the military , so the succession of power to the next generation will not be completed until around 2015 .
But that may not be a bad thing : Prior to the earthquake , Japan had a demand-supply gap of approximately 5 % of GDP .
Its 2008 report Making the Law Work for Everyone argues that legal empowerment is not about aid , but about policy and institutional reforms that expand the legal opportunities and protection of the poor .
That $ 5 trillion dollars is not money invested in building roads , schools , and other long-term projects , but is directly transferred from the American economy to the personal accounts of bank executives and employees .
It feels quite iniquitous that bankers , having helped cause today 's financial and economic troubles , are the only class that is not suffering from them -- and in many cases are actually benefiting .
But , as individual taxpayers , we are helpless , because we do not control outcomes , owing to the concerted efforts of lobbyists , or , worse , economic policymakers .
The promise of replicating past returns can not be the reason , given the inadequacy of those returns .
It is hard to understand why the market mechanism does not eliminate such questions .
But Brazil 's President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , perhaps fearing the infamous `` resource curse '' that has blighted the development of so many countries blessed with mineral wealth , is determined that the new oil wealth not be turned into `` nonsense . ''
Indeed , Lula 's government is planning ways to ensure that the benefits gained from oil and gas are not limited to São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Minas Gerais , Parana , and other regions of the developed coast .
But this idea has created confusion among Brazil 's trading partners and investors , and does not appear to be making headway .
But it will no longer be able to condemn the US for not signing environmental treaties , or point a finger at China for its massive output of pollution .
Oil , it seems , will not only transform Brazil 's economy , but its very role in the world .
A recent opinion poll in Japan shows that 68 % of Japanese believe that the US and Britain should not attack Iraq .
Yet , in debates in the Diet , our parliament , neither Prime Minister Koizumi nor the Foreign Minister utter anything more than such tepid responses as : `` Japan can not respond to a hypothetical situation ; '' or `` Japan can not take a definitive stance without assessing the results of the inspections ; '' and `` It is in Japan 's national interest not to declare whether or not it supports the use of force . ''
Criticizing Japan 's silence need not undermine the Japanese-US strategic alliance .
While unequivocally commending America 's tough stance in pressuring Iraq , Japan should not hesitate to deliver a clear message to the US : exercise patience to avoid war .
If not openly committed to opposing Western values and interests , China 's interests in cowing Taiwan and in asserting regional hegemony across Asia certainly are not those of Europe and the West , not to mention Japan , India , and the rest of Asia .
This should come as no surprise , as the Chinese government does not plan to hold free and fair elections soon .
If not as dark as 15 years ago , China 's human rights record remains abysmal .
China 's human rights record is not the only problem .
Yet France and Germany , with Britain and Italy not far behind , say such criticism is outdated .
Supporters of lifting the arms export ban argue that this litany of sins does not reflect China 's real improvements in human rights and penalizes European armaments jobs to the benefit of Russia , which enjoys a lively arms trade with its neighbor -LRB- something it might one day regret -RRB- .
But they conveniently ignore the fact that the Code of Conduct is voluntary and thus not enforceable .
Trade with a country with China 's human rights record must not only make economic sense ; it must also fit the wider aims of foreign policy .
So transatlantic coordination is needed , to ensure that any trade of sophisticated arms and weapons-related technologies with China does nothing to enhance China 's military power , and that competition between Western producers of goods that may legitimately be sold to China does not damage Western political unity .
But the US position is unambiguously misguided in not foreseeing that the `` Kosovo precedent '' will incite instability and potentially even violence elsewhere .
Renewed conflict in Abkhazia would not only bring the risk of open warfare with Russia , but strain relations with Armenia , as there are near to 50,000 Armenians in Abkhazia who support the breakaway government .
The conflicts in Transdnistria and the South Caucasus are usually called `` frozen conflicts , '' because not much has happened since they began in the early 1990 's .
But , while Kazakhstan has not gone down the `` color revolution '' route to democracy that other post-Soviet republics like Ukraine and Georgia have followed , its timidity about reform does not justify isolation .
After all , the West is not deterred in the slightest from dealing with authoritarian Russia and communist China .
But the principal reasons for the West not to isolate Kazakhstan are geostrategic .
But this narrowness of vision will have to be overcome if Kazakhstan is not to be lured into either the Chinese or Russian orbits .
Russia and China will not wait for the EU to make up its mind about whether Kazakhstan is a worthy partner .
There may not be many more chances .
This neglect is not only shortsighted , but may also prove dangerous .
This seeming double standard can be explained partly by a sense of guilt : the West has , for the most part , embraced Kosovo 's independence in an effort to assuage its own culpability for not preventing Slobodan Milosevic 's campaign of ethnic cleansing there .
Taiwan , on the other hand , does not grab our attention , because it is stable and flourishing economically .
It has not been under Chinese central government rule for more than 100 years -- indeed , since it was conquered by Japan at the end of the nineteenth century -- and it has never been part of the People 's Republic of China .
Because Taiwan has not allowed itself to become a victim , the world simply does not feel guilty about it , and so ignores it .
It is not for me to say that Taiwan should be recognized as an independent country .
The democratic world has an obligation to support this process -- not only because Taiwan deserves its support , but also because engaging more with Taiwan could potentially be a powerful instrument of leverage for broader change in China .
To some extent , it is surprising that the Islamist parties did not do better , considering their success elsewhere in mobilizing the most marginalized and vulnerable in society .
The challenges facing the Awami League are many and varied , but it is not without resources .
Bangladesh is in a better position to weather the global financial storm than most Asian countries , because its banks are not over-exposed and its garment industry focuses on the lower end of the market , which , so far , appears to be holding up .
But it is Uribe 's resolve not to negotiate with the FARC over kidnappings , and instead to pursue relentlessly the armed insurgency that murdered his father that has defined Uribe 's presidency .
Chávez is the loser not only because he had provided the FARC moral support -LRB- he once described them as `` belligerents , '' not terrorists , and publicly called Uribe an American stooge -RRB- , but also because it is believed that he has been providing the FARC covert military support .
Some in the Bush administration accept this argument , saying that they are happy to see Latin American democracies seeking influence where the United States can not . Latin America , it seems , is no longer held hostage by its demagogues and guerrillas .
The 90th anniversary of the Armenian massacres of 1915 , ordered by the ruling Young Turks of the Ottoman Empire and carried out with the help of the Kurds , is another wound that will not heal , but one that must be treated if Turkey 's progress toward European Union membership is to proceed smoothly .
Sultan Abdulhamit II organized the massacres of 1895-97 but it was not until the spring of 1915 , under the cover of the First World War , that the Young Turks ' nationalistic government found the political will to execute a true genocide .
This is not healthy for the development of Armenia 's democracy and weak economy .
The key regional obstacle to recognition is Saudi Arabia , which not only objects to the secular , democratic model promoted by Somaliland , but is a strong ally of Somalia , which is a member of the Arab League -LRB- despite not being Arab -RRB- and the Organization of the Islamic Conference .
When Somaliland 's people vote at the end of September , they will not be deciding explicitly on secession , but their steady effort at state building does amplify their claims to independence .
But there are other , untold stories of people who paid a heavy price for the West 's freedoms that have not gained much attention .
Initially , the government accepted the ruling , but it was overturned by an Order-in-Council -LRB- an executive order from the Queen and not a law passed by Parliament -RRB- in 2004 .
Now is not the time to discuss how appropriate Orders-in-Council are for lawmaking in a twenty-first-century democracy , but this move showed disregard for the Chagossians ' basic human rights .
War , however , is in no one 's interests , not even Bashir 's .
But , proxy war or not , this almost unprecedented redrawing of Africa 's colonial borders -LRB- Eritrea two decades ago was the last example -RRB- could have profound consequences for the continent 's future .
The 100,000 members of this Muslim sect , which believes that Muhammad was not the last prophet , have been declared infidels , and the government outlawed their publications until the ban was reversed by the Bangladeshi High Court .
But piecemeal arrests will not be enough to reverse the drift if a culture of intolerance is allowed to fester .
The world can not afford a second Afghanistan in Bangladesh , where Huji members are believed to have given sanctuary to many Taliban fighters after the fall of their regime .
Pressure from India will not be enough to force the Bengali government to adhere to the tolerant form of Islam that the country pursued during its first three decades of independence .
Unlike in China , India 's government can not simply ride roughshod over local interests by , say , leveling a village to build a roadway or a dam .
Indeed , the EU should regard growth in India not as a competitive threat but as a golden opportunity that will benefit everyone .
The global economy is not a zero-sum game , and the challenge for European politicians will be to explain this to EU members , particularly countries like France that are resistant to globalization and keen on building a `` Fortress Europe . ''
The latest crisis proves again that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad can not be trusted .
Indeed , the established concept of nuclear deterrence through `` mutual assured destruction '' -LRB- MAD -RRB- , which kept the peace between the Soviet Union and NATO , may not apply with a ruler like Ahmadinejad , who believes in the sacred merits of martyrdom .
The possibility of degrading Iran 's nuclear weapons program through military action can not be totally discounted , although it should of course be the last option and would be immensely risky even if militarily possible .
Much of Europe is getting its first close look at Italy 's billionaire Prime Minister , and many do not like what they see .
They may still not like what he stands for and how he governs , but they will see that he is not the unchallenged `` strong man '' that some Europeans imagine .
One legal `` reform '' almost abolishes the crime of false accounting ; another makes it difficult , if not impossible , to collect evidence of a crime from abroad .
This law defines `` conflicts of interest '' in such a way that , although the Chief Executive Officer -LRB- CEO -RRB- of a media empire can not be Prime Minister , the man who actually owns that empire can .
It sought this change because it believed firms would not hire people they could never fire .
But reaching this figure will not be possible -- even if scaled back -- because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone 's Growth and Stability Pact .
Bossi now knows that the first two promises can not be kept . So he must deliver on the third , or the League will be gravely wounded .
The implication that Berlusconi and Gaddafi indirectly co-own Quinta has not been refuted .
Were Berlusconi only a tycoon , such reports would not raise many eyebrows .
But the underlying question , whether Italy is trustworthy or not , can not be dismissed so easily .
Just as US diplomats have done , the rest of the international community has a right to speculate about the Berlusconi family business 's international priorities ; about whether these priorities are influencing Italy 's foreign policy ; and about how Berlusconi can show that they are not .
It could undermine the credibility of Europe 's stated emphasis on the promotion of the rule of law and strengthen the charge of double standards that is so often leveled against Western policies . As Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was reported to have quipped when confronted with routine European criticism on corruption and organized crime , `` Mafia is not a Russian word . ''
Even if this plan has not been realized , the rationale behind it should be of no little concern to Italy 's international partners .
In today 's neighborhood , where EU expansion is not in the cards , Europe hopes to shore up its presence by opening its huge internal market and increasing assistance .
For once , the rot is not in Brussels , but rather in a growing number of European capitals .
Italian officials privately confirm that the current figures are not unmanageable .
Opposing Europe now means not only standing up to an unelected behemoth in Brussels , as Euro-skeptics would have it .
The economy does not run on hydrocarbons .
But overall stability has not prevented cracks from emerging in more contentious areas .
The rough , transitional justice that often follows a change of regime has not taken place , at least not yet .
Of course , there are many things wrong with the EU nowadays , but a widening of its so-called `` democratic deficit '' is not one of them .
Scholars such as Princeton University 's Andrew Moravcsik have long argued that the EU 's legitimacy comes not from the ballot box , but from its ability to provide concrete benefits to citizens .
Contrary to the ranting of Euroskeptic politicians in Britain and , increasingly , in eurozone member countries , the growing disenchantment of voters with politics reflects the distance that has grown between promises and results , not the distance between EU officials and member states ' citizens .
This disturbing decline of faith in democracy , which is not confined to Italy , brings us back to the powerful rationale underlying Europeans ' growing reliance on technocratic governance : security .
From the end of World War II to the collapse of the Soviet Union , what brought Europeans closer together was not the dream of a Europe-wide , democratic polity , but , above all , their desire to be safe and secure .
With violent demonstrations in the streets of Athens , Madrid , and Rome , it is not hard to understand why some people may once again choose to give priority to their security , particularly their economic security .
A national-unity government run by a technocrat in place of an administration run by elected politicians does not qualitatively change the fact that outsiders are demanding reforms .
The US should begin to work with these countries not only on this matter , but also on the elections that Myanmar military junta has promised for 2010 .
What ASEAN says or does not say will not change things immediately .
But Western sanctions have not worked , either .
While ASEAN rejected previous calls to impose sanctions , or even to expel Myanmar , this step shows that it will not remain inert regardless of what the generals do .
But this is consistent with the Obama administration 's policy of seeking a dialogue even with those who are not America 's friends .
This may not seem like much of a concession . But the junta seems to be trying to cause less offense .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters -- `` red shirts '' who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra .
An ASEAN +8 meeting of leaders could then evolve its own modalities to suit the wider geographical group , and would not need to be held each year .
Under a regime of popular sovereignty , we are free in a way that we are not under an absolute monarch or an entrenched aristocracy .
This question is not merely theoretical .
The answer that we as individuals accept is that we are free because we rule ourselves in common , rather than being ruled by some agency that need not take account of us .
Our freedom is realized and defended by this law , whether or not we win or lose any particular decision .
Such is the answer , valid or not , that people accept in democratic societies .
This recent growth has been fueled by a strong boom in commodity prices , including not only energy inputs such as oil , gas and coal , but also metals , minerals , and agricultural products .
Growing demand for raw materials , owing to sharply increased industrial growth in Asia , particularly China and India , has benefited the terms of trade of many Latin American countries , and this is not expected to end anytime soon .
But not this time - -- at least so far .
But , for the most part , fiscal and monetary policies have so far not followed leaders ' rhetorical promises of deep structural reforms and redistribution to favor the indigenous and the poor .
As a result , the new generation of leaders can not introduce drastic structural reforms , badly needed in several countries , in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability -- without which none of their promises can be fulfilled .
But , while the AU 's dispatch of Mbeki demonstrates serious engagement , it should not lead to a negotiated solution or a compromise that thwarts the wishes of a majority of Ivorians . Indeed , in recent years an unfortunate trend has emerged in African politics : losing candidates , unhappy with their election results , unleash violence until the only option for mediators is to grant them a continued role in government .
It is not farfetched to imagine that Gbagbo hopes to convert his loss at the polls into a similar pact with Ouattara .
It is vital that Africa and the international community take a stand against such strategies -- not only to defend the votes of Ivorians , but as a signal to others in the future that legitimate electoral results must be respected .
In addition , the US and India should create innovation partnerships , which would not only yield direct returns to both countries , but would also demonstrate how a strong bilateral relationship can improve the international system .
In short , Obama ought not to ask , `` What will India do for us ? '' , but rather , `` Is a strong , democratic and independent India in America 's national interest ? '' If the answer to this question is yes -- as it should be -- then the US should focus on how it can help India 's power continue to grow .
As a recent assessment by former Dutch prime minister Wim Kok pointed out , the EU 's member states generally have not made the Lisbon Strategy a high priority , and they balk at giving the EU the means to pursue more ambitious policies to offset this neglect .
But the concrete policies needed to realize this aim are not , since reforming the welfare state and labor markets means more competition , which scares many citizens .
But this aim does not appear to be creating a European identity , as the euro has .
Similarly , while competition will improve the quality of research and education , this does not imply reduced public funding , a lower priority for basic research , or the elimination of scholarships .
In many matters pertaining to the Lisbon Strategy , the EU can not avoid member states ' concerns .
Once , the votaries of one kind of new international order or another decried the evils of imperialism -LRB- sometimes , but not always , prefixed with a `` neo - '' -RRB- in justifying demands for a more just dispensation .
But not only the direct results of colonialism remain relevant : the indirect ones also matter .
One is careless anthropology : Belgium 's classification of Hutus and Tutsis in Rwanda and Burundi , which reified a distinction that had not existed before , still haunts Africa 's Great Lakes region .
When a state has more than one colonial past , its future is vulnerable . Ethnicity or language hardly seem to be a factor in the secessions -LRB- one recognized , the other not -RRB- of Eritrea from Ethiopia and the `` Republic of Somaliland '' from Somalia .
The result was the manufacture of unconvincing political myths , as artificial as the countries they mythologize , which all-too-often can not command genuine patriotic allegiance from their citizenry .
The Chinese soldiers allegedly assumed firing positions , leading the Indians to withdraw in order not to provoke a shooting match .
The reasons are not hard to identify .
Whether or not they overtake the US , however , one thing is certain : China 's neighbor and regional geopolitical rival , India , will be lucky to win even a single medal .
Our cricketers have come close to being considered the best in the world , but cricket is not an Olympic sport .
Our sole world champion in any sport is the chess grandmaster Vishwanathan Anand -- in another non-Olympic sport , and one that calls for brain , not brawn .
Sapre 's answer might not have been the brightest , but if the judges had any idea of how desperate Indians are for sporting success , they would have understood that she was not expressing such an absurd priority .
We are a developing country , it is said ; after all , it is not just your eye against his , your legs against hers , but what you can do against their trainer , their running shoe , their ergodynamic costume , their titanium archer 's bow .
On the other hand , the incentives for success are not great ; the years of sacrifice and effort it takes to become a world-class athlete are simply not a realistic option to an Indian who needs to make a living , and sponsors are few and far between -LRB- and they are all spending their sponsorship money on cricket -RRB- .
Indian genes in a developing country did not prevent Vijay Singh emerging from Fiji to rival Tiger Woods as the best golfer in the world .
The agreement will not transform India 's energy situation overnight , or end the country 's dependence on expensive fuel imports .
While many analysts in a wide variety of nations , especially in Europe , have concluded that such an event could not occur there in the foreseeable future , India is an exception .
Minority politicians have long wielded authority , if not power , in its various high offices .
The poor and the oppressed may not have much , but they do have the numbers , which is what matters at the ballot box .
She has been accused , but not convicted , of corruption several times , with one notable case involving the construction of an elaborate shopping complex near the Taj Mahal , in violation of zoning laws .
That was not all .
For this reason , the US is likely to press India not to contemplate forceful retaliation that could undermine America 's objectives in Afghanistan .
Yet inaction is not an option .
And , at the end of the day , one chilling fact would prevent India from thinking that it could use Israel 's playbook : the country that condones , if not foments , the terror attacks on India is a nuclear power .
When India 's embassy in Kabul was hit by a suicide bomber last July , American intelligence sources revealed that not only was Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence behind the attack , but that it made little effort to cover its tracks .
The ISI knew perfectly well that India would not go to war with Pakistan to avenge the killing of its diplomatic personnel .
Yet , when Indians watch Israel take the fight to the enemy , killing those who launched rockets against it and dismantling many of the sites from which the rockets flew , some can not resist wishing that they could do something similar in Pakistan .
Protests have been mounted by slum-dwellers against the movie 's title : the term `` slumdog , '' coined by the screenwriter , has given great offense , with demonstrators holding up postcards declaiming , `` We are not dogs . ''
Others have , more predictably , decried the film 's searingly authentic depiction of India 's poverty and slum life . Slumdog Millionaire was filmed in large part with small hand-held digital cameras on location in Dharavi , Mumbai 's -LRB- and Asia 's -RRB- biggest slum , and does not skip the mounds of garbage , cesspits , and overflowing drains .
But this is not an exercise in the pornography of poverty .
It is easy to see why this movie would appeal to international filmgoers in a way that a bleaker film like City of Joy , which was set in the slums of Calcutta , could not .
A tradition of conservative banking regulation and a tough-minded Governor of the Reserve Bank -LRB- India 's central bank -RRB- ensured that Indian banks did not acquire the toxic debts flowing from sub-prime loans , credit-default swaps , and over-inflated housing prices that assailed Western banks .
Instead , the decline in Indian stocks reflected foreign investors ' liquidity problems : they withdrew from holdings in India because they needed their money back home , not because it was n't growing for them .
Despite being seen as a poster child for the benefits of globalization , India is not unduly dependent on global flows of trade and capital .
The exotica do not end there .
Because so many voters are illiterate , India invented the party symbol , so that voters who can not read the name of their candidate can vote for him or her anyway by recognizing the symbol under which they campaigned .
Likewise , some distinguished voter invariably claims that his name is missing from the rolls , or that someone has already cast his vote -LRB- but usually not both -RRB- .
That may not be a bad thing .
Indian democracy has often been likened to the stately progress of the elephant -- ponderous in its gait and reluctant to change course , but not easily swayed from its new path when it does .
But IOR-ARC does n't have to confine itself to the water : it 's the countries that are members , not just their coastlines .
This is not to imply that IOR-ARC has yet fulfilled its potential in the decade that it has existed .
As often happens with brilliant ideas , the creative spark consumes itself in the act of creation , and IOR-ARC has been treading water , not having done enough to get beyond the declaratory phase that marks most new initiatives .
The formula of pursuing work in an Academic Group , a Business Forum , and a Working Group on Trade and Investment has not yet brought either focus or drive to the parent body .
The Swiss writer and playwright Max Frisch once dismissed technology as `` the art of arranging the world so that we need not experience it . '' Today , however , technology is essential to effective participation in our world .
And , although mankind can not live by technology alone , the information revolution has liberated millions of people .
Indeed , economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line ; one must also think of the high-speed digital line , the fiber-optic line -- indeed , all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world .
Not surprisingly , it was in Africa -- not Europe or America -- where the cell phone first overtook the housebound handset .
Its banks and financial institutions were not tempted to buy the mortgage-supported securities and credit-default swaps that ruined several Western financial institutions .
And , of course , the persistent complaints of corruption and bureaucratic red tape have not faded with liberalization .
Success will not occur overnight , but progress has been impressive and is continuing .
NEW DELHI -- The target date for fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals is 2015 , and the world knows it is not on course to meet those goals .
But official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- last year amounted to $ 119.6 billion , or just 0.31 % of the developed countries ' GDP -- not even half of the UN 's target of 0.7 % of GDP .
Donors should support an education policy rather than build a photogenic school ; aid a health campaign rather than construct a glittering clinic ; or do both -- but as part of a policy or a campaign , not as stand-alone projects .
The onus is not on developed countries alone .
But Goal 8 assured them that they would not be alone in this effort .
India is a land where history , myth , and legend often overlap ; sometimes Indians can not tell the difference .
Thus , to destroy the mosque and replace it with a temple was not righting an old wrong but perpetrating a new one .
To most Indian Muslims , the dispute is not about a specific mosque .
Three of India 's Presidents have been Muslim , as have been innumerable cabinet ministers , ambassadors , generals , and Supreme Court justices , not to mention cricket captains .
These zealots are not fundamentalists in any common sense of the term , since Hinduism is a religion without fundamentals : there is no Hindu pope , no Hindu Sabbath , no single Hindu holy book , and no such thing as a Hindu heresy .
Hindu `` fundamentalists '' are , instead , chauvinists , whose religious faith is rooted not in any of Hinduism 's profound philosophical and spiritual underpinnings , but in its role as an alternative source of collective , if not `` national , '' identity .
For them , Hinduism is a flag , not a doctrine .
Indeed , these extremists can hardly claim to espouse Hinduism , which stands out not only as an eclectic embodiment of tolerance , but also as the only major religion that does not claim to be the sole true one .
Such a faith understands that belief is a matter of hearts and minds , not of bricks and stone .
The clincher came when large deposits of natural gas were found in Burma , which , it was clear , would not be available to an India deemed hostile to the junta .
There is also the strategic imperative of not ceding ground to India 's enemies on its own borders .
India confronts an inescapable fact of geopolitics : you can put your ideals on hold , but you can not change who your neighbors are .
India 's government can not be blamed for deciding that its national interests in Burma are more important than standing up for democracy there .
If that idealistic democrat Nehru had not been cremated , India 's stance toward Burma might cause him to turn over in his grave .
Last month , Barack Obama told India 's Parliament that were it not for Gandhi , he would not be standing there as America 's president .
But that has little effect on those who are not interested in whether they are wrong and are already seeking to punish you .
He was that rare kind of leader who was not confined by his followers ' inadequacies .
But his triumph did not `` change the world forever . ''
NEW DELHI -- Indian diplomacy began 2011 with election to the chair of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee , a body of some importance to the country -LRB- and one which many thought India might not be asked to lead , given its strong feelings on the issue -RRB- .
That not only highlights the extent to which India has become a fulcrum in global politics , but also points to the exceptional composition of the new Security Council .
The five permanent Security Council members -- the US , Britain , France , China , and Russia -- will not be able to take these members for granted . They have become accustomed in recent years to making deals among themselves and more or less imposing them on the ten non-permanent members .
But the five big countries now also on the Council will expect to be consulted ; their acquiescence on key questions can not simply be assumed .
The need to acquire expertise on diverse issues and to participate in the adoption of roughly 60 resolutions a year -LRB- not to mention Presidential Statements on the same issues , which have less legal force but whose adoption requires unanimity -RRB- will test India 's capacity and negotiating skills .
The UN 's reputation suffered in the US because it did not support the Bush administration on the war -- and in the 19 other countries because it was unable to prevent the war .
As we face the new challenges of our time , let us not forget the old ones , especially the persistent horror of underdevelopment .
Each tastes different , and does not necessarily mix with the next , but all belong on the same plate .
Moreover , democracy in India is not an elite preoccupation , but matters most to the underprivileged masses .
Whereas in the United States , a majority of the poor do not vote , -- turnout in Harlem was 23 % in the last presidential election -- in India the poor turn out in great numbers .
By contrast , the world 's oldest democracy , the US , has yet to elect a president who is not white , male , and Christian .
That idea has knit together a country that many thought would not survive , and whose 60th birthday is therefore well worth celebrating .
In the information age , as Joseph Nye , the guru of soft power , argues , it is not the side with the bigger army , but the side with the better story , that wins .
No strutting nationalist chauvinism could ever have accomplished for India 's standing in the world what that one moment did -- all the more so since it was not directed at the world .
But India 's greatest prospects for winning admiration in the twenty-first century may lie not in what it does , but simply in what it is .
It provided refuge to the Dalai Lama when he fled Chinese occupation of Tibet in 1959 , granted asylum -LRB- and eventually Indian citizenship -RRB- to more than 110,000 Tibetan refugees , and permitted them to create a government-in-exile -LRB- albeit one that India does not recognize -RRB- in the picturesque Himalayan hill town of Dharamsala .
The Dalai Lama and his followers are given a respected place but told not to conduct `` political activities '' on Indian soil .
He is the most recognized worldwide symbol of a country that he has not seen for nearly five decades .
Though Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has publicly declared the Dalai Lama to be the `` personification of nonviolence , '' India has let it be known that it does not support his political objectives .
That position is not without detractors .
The opposition Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP , which led the previous government -RRB- has criticized the current administration for not `` expressing concern over the use of force by the Chinese government '' and instead `` adopting a policy of appeasement towards China with scant regard to the country 's national honor and foreign policy independence . ''
It can not undermine its own democratic principles and abridge the freedom of speech of Tibetans on its soil .
It is not just that China and India have little in common , save for the fact that they occupy a rather vast landmass called `` Asia . '' It is also that they are already at very different stages of development .
That is how it should be : India is a fractious democracy , China is not .
But , as an Indian , I do not wish to pretend that we can compete in the global growth stakes with China .
To be sure , if many millions of people are prescribed a group of drugs , not only for depression , but also for many other mental health problems , it is quite reasonable that some of them will suffer an adverse effect or reaction .
But blanket claims that antidepressant drugs are dangerous , addictive , or bad in other ways are not based on strong evidence .
In many trials , companies are paid per patient recruited , regardless if a patient remains in the trial or not .
Failed studies - meaning studies that do not demonstrate significant differences between an active drug and a placebo - are common .
This obviously is contrary to the interest of the funding company , but so far it has not resulted in substantial changes in the way trials are done .
The uncertainties are not so much about treatments , because patients with similar levels of severity should respond in rather similar ways regardless of the treatment setting .
But this does not hold true in all countries or all age groups , so other factors must be influential , too .
On the level of the wider population , the battle against depression has not been won .
But that blessing can also be a curse -- and not just for oil-rich countries , with their distorted economies and politics .
TOKYO -- The American economist Herbert Stein once said that if something can not continue forever , it will not .
While rebalancing is not taking place in processing trade , it is occurring in `` ordinary `` trade -LRB- China 's other major customs regime -RRB- .
This proved possible not only in the US , but also in other advanced economies outside Europe -- Australia , Canada , and New Zealand -- and , unsurprisingly , in the new EU member states .
The explanation is not capital spending , which is normally linked to productivity growth .
After all , the demonstrations by millions of people to demand an end to the rule of President Hosni Mubarak and his National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- are not an unprecedented phenomenon in the country .
This suggests that , although Egyptians may not necessarily prefer strongman rule , they are entirely comfortable with it and may even believe that it is necessary .
The crowds were enormous and peaceful , not only in Cairo , the historic node for protest , but in all of Egypt 's cities .
French and British soldiers did not hesitate to put down resistance . Nor did the Egyptian army in 1952 , 1977 , and 1986 .
Although the British had 100,000 troops stationed near the Suez Canal at the time , they chose not to intervene .
The Egyptian high command did not need to worry that rank-and-file soldiers would disobey orders , because they were protecting the citizenry .
Mubarak 's promise that he would not run for re-election this coming September , which might have mollified his critics two weeks earlier , was no longer enough .
But that is not the most immediate concern .
If not , the prospects for a transition to a government formed by leaders of the much-respected Egyptian army and moderates representing business and political elites seem high .
But economic growth , even in traditionally export-led economies , is driven by productivity growth , not by the ability to capture a growing share of global markets .
If economic growth is seen as being dependent on the cost competitiveness of exports , governments will focus on things that might make sense for exporters , but not for their economies as a whole , such as labor-market policies aimed at artificially holding down wage growth , which redistributes income from labor to capital and exacerbates inequality .
And the flipside of the decline in wage and salaries -- a steep rise in the proportion of national income accounted for by corporate profits -- has not resulted in booming investment .
So the European Union 's rate of productivity growth , not the size of its trade surplus , will largely determine its economic prospects .
Governments throughout the EU should focus on raising productivity -- not just in the most internationally exposed sectors , like manufacturing , but also in less tradable sectors , such as services , which now account for around two-thirds of economic activity .
Investors do not know what they are buying when they purchase an Italian bond -- is it backstopped by Germany or not ?
Debt mutualization alone will not save the euro , but , without it , the eurozone is unlikely to survive intact .
Borrowing costs remain unsustainably high for many eurozone economies -- and not just those in the periphery .
Fiscal rules of the type envisaged -LRB- and a new body to enforce them -RRB- would not necessarily require a treaty change .
But the IAEA has no authority to determine whether or not a country has a nuclear weapons program .
Understanding the intentions of Iran 's leaders is not as difficult or as ambiguous as some believe .
These countries are increasing their efforts to prepare for EU admission , and the EU must not shut its doors on them .
On the contrary , it should finalize further enlargement : the economic crisis has clearly demonstrated that the EU can not afford black holes on the map of Europe .
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development therefore encourages all new EU member states that have not yet started doing so to draft credible and convincing plans for euro-zone admission .
But many of the older member states also benefitted , and not only in economically measureable ways .
The EU drew the right conclusions when it stressed that national bank rescue packages must not be designed in ways that starve subsidiaries , and also by doubling -- to ¤ 50 billion -- the crisis funds available to EU countries outside the euro zone .
The EU must not stand aside when solidarity is needed .
We work with the private sector and not in competition with it .
These could include higher capital or provisioning requirements as buffers for more difficult times , or the stipulation of liquidity standards and special requirements for systemically important banks in order to avoid a recurrence of the `` too big to fail '' dilemma that many countries -- not only in the EBRD region -- have been facing .
It is , however , beyond doubt that in a financially integrated Europe , attempts at new and better regulation will be effective only if such reforms are not limited to the national level .
As Saltykov - Shchedrin would say : convenient or not , that is a fact .
This is not surprising -- an increase in body fat and a decrease in physical activity are the direct causes of type 2 -LRB- as opposed to type 1 -RRB- diabetes .
The epidemic happens silently over years or decades ; the danger is either not recognized or not considered avoidable ; and action is often seen as the responsibility of the individual -LRB- lifestyle modification -RRB- or health-care system -LRB- pharmaceutical prescription -RRB- , rather than the state .
Getting all laboratories to report regularly and completely , however , proved challenging and not all health-care providers and patients proved willing to participate .
While these criticisms may or may not be justified , it is probably true to say that the New York City diabetes registry , though highly innovative , is at best an interim solution .
Each anniversary of the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki reminds us that memory is not morally neutral .
By failing to depict the Americans in the role of heroic benefactors , it suggested that they were responsible for a massacre that could not be totally justified .
Tragedy : the word signifies not only suffering and distress , but the impossibility of redemption .
However , even `` just '' wars provoke tragedies that can not be dismissed lightly under the pretense that it was the enemy that suffered them .
President George W. Bush has demonstrated one way not to do it : his invasion and occupation of Iraq show that directly attacking Muslim states only fuels fanaticism .
Of course , civilized countries should not give up the fight against extremist Islam because of the bloodshed in Iraq ; but we must recognize that war , occupation , and forced submission to military power have merely caused mass humiliation and resentment among many ordinary Muslims -- emotions that are then channeled into terrorist networks .
Simply put , bombs dropped from several thousands meters do not kill less indiscriminately than explosive charges placed in train cars .
Acknowledging this is not to excuse terrorism , but it is a first step toward understanding terrorism 's underlying causes , and thus toward their elimination .
Politics is necessary for the simple reason that occupying armies and police can not force hundreds of millions of Muslims to shed their hostility .
Of course , extinguishing these hot spots will not erode the fanaticism of diehard and suicidal activists ; nor will it rid us of the avidity and hatred that is so evident among the leaders of Islamic rage .
Obviously , being highly educated , wearing a tie , eating with a fork , or cutting one 's nails weekly is not enough .
That may seem like an obvious point , but it is not universally accepted .
So a dialogue between cultures is not only beneficial , but essential to civilization .
Everyone is the product of several cultures , even if one has never left his home country , because culture is not only national .
This plurality of cultures usually does not present any problems for us , because shifting from one cultural code to another is a universal human faculty .
While the world 's attention is riveted on Iraq , the Colombia Plan , developed by the United States to fight drugs and left-wing guerrillas in Colombia , may soon be applied as a general strategy across the nations of the Andes , if not all of Latin America .
Indeed , despite receiving almost $ 1.4 billion from the US between 1989 and 1999 to fight drug trafficking , Colombia had not reduced the problem .
However , while ELN may be strategically beaten , the FARC is not .
Moreover , Colombia has not effectively recovered territorial sovereignty in areas controlled by armed right-wing groups like the United Self Defenses of Colombia .
Yet this has not led to any official questioning of tactics .
Morales 's social and cultural policies have been geared toward not only recognition of the rights of Bolivia 's indigenous majority , but also bringing about a redistribution of power among racial groups .
In the meantime , the opposition , although strong and immoderate , is not yet secessionist .
Fortunately , the world economy is not exacerbating Bolivia 's domestic polarization .
Ethnic and social groups , activated by an intense , politicized agenda , may think in zero-sum terms , but they can not advance their interests without positive-sum compromises .
With a reformist regime in La Paz , it is difficult not to expect tensions with the Bush administration . But , crucially , the US has refrained from intervention in Bolivian politics , because it understands that undermining the current government could lead to chaos .
Bolivia 's future is not inexorably bleak .
More democracy and material welfare probably can co-exist with realistic local autonomy , whereas partition , it should be remembered , does not always breed political pluralism , social cohesion , and economic well-being .
Russia may not be openly pursuing a renewed Cold War , but , in enhancing its position in Latin America , it sees itself as ending years of implosion and humiliation .
It is not just that several countries have seen center-left and radical parties come to power ; US leadership and interests are routinely questioned , and even challenged , not only by Communist Cuba and `` Bolivarian '' Venezuela , but almost everywhere in the region .
The first step must be recognition that the Monroe Doctrine is dead and can not be revived .
That same day in Argentina , former president Nestor Kirchner was defeated in a mid-term election that many people viewed as a test of whether or not he or his wife Cristina , Argentina 's current president and Nestor 's successor , would continue as president after the vote of 2011 .
This `` Caesarism '' is not a new idea . Instead , it marks the return of a practice that had seemed to have been consigned to history 's dustbin which has now returned with a vengeance .
In the Dominican Republic , Leonel Fernández -LRB- 1996-2000 , 2004-2008 , 2008-2012 -RRB- began serving his third four-year term in office in 2008 , and the party in power has not ruled out the possibility of modifying the Carta Magna to allow him yet another term .
All of these tasks are domestic ; the danger posed by the profusion of re-elected presidents will not be checked by external forces .
Confused and self-absorbed , Europe is not in the best position to wield influence .
Latin America 's Military Factor BUENOS AIRES -- In 2009 , Latin America scored an unrecognized achievement : the global economic crisis did not affect the continent as dramatically as it did other regions .
If that challenge is not met , 2010 will be a year in which Latin America will live dangerously .
The region 's performance during the global financial crisis has not hidden fundamental problems : the heavy burden of an unrealized agenda of social inclusion and a combination of inequality and injustice that could turn lethal in the near future .
But Colombia does not seem to want continuity at any price ; instead it now appears to favor moderate revision of what Uribe has built over the past decade .
Moreover , the shadow over the election campaign does not come from the FARC , but from the right -- the Uribist candidate Santos and the conservative Noemí Sanin .
It is not clear whether these laws will actually punish the crimes or merely reduce the visibility of the numbers : if a crime requires certain difficult-to-prove elements in order to be considered a femicide , a large number of murders will remain on the books as simple homicides , and the authorities will be able to say they have `` reduced '' the femicide rate .
But new laws are not enough , given severely debilitated police and judicial systems in much of the region .
As long as the `` war on drugs '' remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers , but also for developed countries ' arms industry , the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence -- including extreme manifestations against women -- and weaken the judicial system .
Indeed , while `` silver bullets '' that can cure our most feared diseases have not been found , progress in the area of gene-drug interactions , known as pharmacogenomics , has been extraordinary .
Those individuals who carry at least one copy of the gene variant that does not allow the body to metabolize Plavix have a 300 % higher risk of clotting a stent .
We now know that a simple genotype sorts out who will or will not benefit from interferon , and there are many new drugs in development for those who will not .
Furthermore , most drugs have not even been studied yet , so there is a long way to go fill in the holes .
Without her help , I might not have farmed at all .
At the tournament 's start , my girlfriends and I could not seem to agree on which team to support .
Initially , I supported France , because I like Chelsea 's Nicolas Anelka , though as an African woman I also could not resist the dream of chanting with joy those times when an African team won .
But for most African young women and girls , it 's not that simple .
American women improved their game because soccer moms do not heavily rely on husbands to fund their daughters ' training .
Our boys may not win in South Africa , but maybe The Grannies can show how it is done .
But Kenyans must not let themselves get too carried away by this political victory ; our country will not change at the stroke of a pen .
My skepticism -LRB- not pessimism -RRB- comes from looking at Kenya 's law enforcement record .
During rush hour in Nairobi , it is nearly impossible for disabled people to get to the city center to work in their tiny businesses , which normally involve selling sweets and polishing shoes near the sidewalks , by public transportation . Those disabled people who do not leave the city early are forced to wait until after dusk , when they can get a seat on a bus .
Meanwhile , the government continues to issue new licenses to vehicles that do not comply with the law .
Of the five African leaders picked at the AU summit in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , to coordinate negotiations , not one was a woman .
Even Nigeria 's Goodluck Jonathan , who heads the Economic Community of West African States -LRB- ECOWAS -RRB- and supports military intervention against Gbagbo , can not escape such scrutiny unscathed .
The trouble with Africa is that the highest-ranking government officials often do not have the best solutions .
Likewise , the problem was not mentioned in one of the IMF 's flagship publications , the Global Financial Stability Report -LRB- GFSR -RRB- , in September 2006 , just ten months before the sub-prime mortgage crisis became apparent to all .
On the contrary , according to the IMF , `` weakness has been contained to certain portions of the sub-prime market -LRB- and , to a lesser extent , the Alt-A market -RRB- , and is not likely to pose a serious systemic threat . ''
The GFSR confidently noted that `` stress tests conducted by investment banks show that , even under scenarios of nationwide house price declines that are historically unprecedented , most investors with exposure to subprime mortgages through securitized structures will not face losses . ''
The IMF has been criticized for burdening borrowers with unnecessary and sometimes perverse lending conditions , but its highly qualified staff has not been shy in blowing the whistle when it perceived domestic vulnerabilities in other countries .
This requires a different governance structure in which power is more evenly distributed , so that the IMF can effectively exercise surveillance where it should , not just where it can .
Only Georgia , not surprisingly , is asking for help .
Potential borrowers have been accumulating massive reserves and pooling them regionally to protect themselves against shocks and speculative capital , but not at the Fund 's urging .
The implication is that potential borrowers are not absorbing as many imports as they could and not relying , as they should , on the multilateral pooling of reserves that the Fund is meant to use to `` give confidence '' to its members .
The traditional model of trading financial support for conditionality does not bode well with emerging economies that , despite having strong macroeconomic fundamentals , still need help to cope with external shocks . `` Giving confidence '' to this sort of customer requires the capacity to provide quick , automatic , meaningful , and front-loaded financial support ; otherwise , accumulating reserves and pooling them in regional agreements will still look like a more reliable option .
Its financial support is limited to a percentage of members ' quotas , which do not reflect their potential borrowing needs .
Some argue that furnishing members with rapid and front-loaded liquidity insurance would encourage irresponsible policies or reckless borrowing . Admittedly , it could help members cope better with volatility and , therefore , be more open to inflows of short-tern capital , but this need not result in bad policies .
If the IMF fireman remains idle , it is not because of a lack of fires , but because neighbors , rather than relying on the fire brigade , are protecting themselves .
Parts of East and West Africa are expected to get wetter , with rain falling in heavy , intense storms that not only bring greater risks of erosion , flooding , and crop damage , but also leave people more exposed to malaria and cattle herds to decimation by outbreaks of diseases like Rift Valley fever .
Like it or not , ready or not , these scientific developments are putting us on the road to becoming the managers of the global ecosystem , rather than just a participant in it .
This is not a responsibility we can shirk .
The one thing you can not do is fail to decide .
Most importantly , the gardener does not manage the garden for the sake of the plants , but for some other goal - to raise food , produce flowers , or just to look pretty .
Given the phenomenal rate at which science advances these days , it is not too early to start thinking about how we are going to handle this awesome new responsibility .
Thus , Putin does not view closer relations with the West as an ideological imperative , but as a resource for Russia 's economic modernization .
The objective is not to revive the Soviet Union .
Russia 's support on promising terms may attract them , particularly because the matter of forfeiting sovereignty will not be raised .
Initially , this was not obvious to all .
Of course , this does not mean that there is no difference between the Russia of Vladimir Putin and Nicholas Romanov .
It is not like Central Europe , which could leapfrog over some of them by jumping on the NATO\/EU springboard .
They are dominant , no doubt , but they are not Russia in its entirety .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Putin and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo n't work .
The West must recognize where Russia stands on history 's timeline and not seek to wish this away .
In the meantime , America and Europe should base their policies toward Russia on mutual interests , not the expectation of mutual values .
Putin chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is .
Putin can sit on their support , but can not ride forward with it .
The best and brightest are not there .
He understands leadership and control , and does not plan to retire .
So the real issue is not whether the noises that Putin and Medvedev make suggest real divergence , and a potential for rivalry , but whether there is daylight at the end of the tandem .
The country 's backwardness vis-à-vis not only the West , but also some of the emerging powers drives home the need to modernize Russia 's technological base .
Multipolarity exists , but Russia is not much of a pole . Summits of the BRIC -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -RRB- leaders are still held , but the real focus of Russia 's policy is the OECD countries , which have technology and money .
The danger is not of the Kremlin losing interest in technology transfers from the West , but rather its inability to create the right legal , business , and political environment in Russia to capitalize on them .
Indeed , Putin wants to restructure Russia 's relations with the former Soviet states to create not merely a bigger market , but eventually an economic bloc-cum-security alliance .
The feasibility of this plan is not to be taken for granted .
This is not intended as a threat to others ; rather , economic integration is a test of how much Russia has learned about the world since 1991 , and of how much more modern it has become as a result .
Now more than ever , it is worth remembering that the last great financial crash not only inspired the New Deal in the United States , but also plunged the world into a new dark age of economic nationalism and imperialism .
If a government can step in to bail out failing banks , why not to protect its failing businesses or farmers as well ?
Back then , Britain was in a position not unlike that of the US today : a superpower in relative decline , facing new competitors and a backlash against globalization .
It was not just a cause dear to bankers , merchants , or the young John Maynard Keynes .
We should not romanticize this earlier era of free trade .
Poverty did not vanish .
One reason that free trade defeated protectionism in Britain a century ago was that its supporters appealed to people 's emotions and identities , not just their rational interest in more wealth and cheap food .
Internationalists had to come to terms with the simple fact that , on its own , trade did not automatically enable peace .
The good news is that people have not stopped caring about the ethics of trade .
But for now , Dmitriy Rogozin is the only Russian politician who has both genuine prospects of winning and the corresponding , albeit not publicly stated , ambition to do so .
In addition , Rogozin is a pro-Putin politician , which is also very important to the bulk of voters , and he has managed to confirm this not only verbally , but also bureaucratically , by his work as the president 's special representative for Kaliningrad Oblast affairs .
The problem for United Russia is that Rogozin is already a master at their game . He remains a firm Putin supporter , skillfully combining criticism of virtually all aspects of Russia 's foreign and domestic policy with a loyal - but not glorifying - attitude toward the president himself .
Details will change by 2008 , but not trends , and Rogozin has mastered these trends better than anyone else .
It is not easy to describe the enormous level of responsibility I feel .
Good government is not a competition . It 's not about winning or losing , or whose view or will prevails .
These are values that we simply will not compromise .
Even when people feel we have not lived up to the standards expected of a world city , we are glad to be held to a high benchmark , because it keeps us on our toes .
Yet control is not creation .
Meanwhile , the Communists took whatever food they could find , as one peasant remembered , `` down to the last little grain , '' and in early 1933 the borders of Soviet Ukraine were sealed so that the starving could not seek help .
HARARE : Before Zimbabwe 's Presidential election earlier this month , I believed that if the election were not handled properly , there would be serious fallout in the country and throughout Southern Africa .
Zimbabwe 's people did not get one . Instead , they got terrorism .
This intimidation and violence meant that my party , the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- could not reach the electorate in large parts of the countryside .
In light of all the evidence , I can not accept the Presidential election results in which Robert Mugabe , the sitting president , was declared a winner this month with 56 % of the 3 million votes tallied .
The official results do not reflect the true will of the people of Zimbabwe and are illegitimate in the eyes of the people .
They will not let this election stand but neither will they succumb to Mugabe 's provocative traps and resort to violence .
In this , we know we are not alone .
Zimbabwe 's struggle is not over . We have time to tally the lessons for Africa , and the world , of our experience .
Following the Russian-Georgian war , the West is scared that Russia 's government will use its cash not just for economic purposes , but as an aggressive foreign policy tool .
Yet , even this package has not significantly eaten into Russia 's sovereign wealth funds and its world 's third largest currency reserves .
The NWF , though not yet officially a `` sovereign wealth fund , '' is already among the 10 largest such funds , rivaling the Brunei Investment Agency .
US and European policymakers do not trust that foreign governments -LRB- and their sovereign wealth funds -RRB- invest solely on business grounds .
Doing so will also help to convince other countries that the government 's agenda is economic , not political .
The key benefit of Russian foreign investment is not economic , but that it helps Russia become a global citizen .
Mass street protests have started -- not led by opposition political parties but by workers and middle-class families facing job losses and declining wages .
This was not only economically foolish -LRB- as with many other import-competing sectors , the automotive industry will certainly be protected by the weakening ruble -RRB- , but also politically dangerous .
Moreover , the crisis has -- so far -- not resulted in major nationalizations of private companies .
It has not , despite its still awesome foreign reserves , which give it the wherewithal to buy out a significant portion of the economy at fire-sale prices .
But , while stimulus policies were mostly effective in dealing with the immediate crisis , they did not address the long-term issues that impede growth .
Yet Russia 's public institutions remain as weak as ever -LRB- for example , corruption is as prevalent as it was 10 years ago , if not more so -RRB- , and the economy is no less dependent on commodity prices .
Even the recently announced privatization of non-controlling stakes in the largest state-owned firms -- while timely and laudable -- will not create an irreversible commitment to reform .
So far , the government does not want to let control over these firms get into private hands .
Hence , the sales that Prime Minister Putin announced will not increase the demand for pro-market institutions .
The holiday received its current name in 2006 , and , according to a recent survey by the Russian pollster FOM , 59 % of Russians consider it to be special or significant -LRB- 32 % do not -RRB- .
Unfortunately , February 23 is not the only remaining relic of the Red Army . Another Soviet military legacy is the system of obligatory conscription .
Yet even this estimate probably understates the true costs , as it does not take into account the decrease in lifetime wages from delayed investment in human capital and shorter work experience .
This is not an abstract accusation .
It is difficult to talk about `` standards '' of corporate governance in Russian state-owned companies , since most do not even have regularly scheduled board meetings , owing to the unpredictability of government officials ' schedules .
This may seem little more than an annoyance , but it has a key implication : when there is no regular schedule for board meetings , many independent directors -LRB- especially foreigners -RRB- often can not attend .
If the board chairman is not a government official and can commit to an annual schedule , highly skilled independent directors from around the world could be attracted .
First , it is not clear who will replace the bureaucrats as board chairs .
It is often said that Medvedev does not have his own team ; his appointees to these positions will show whether that is true .
It is not unthinkable that management will simply ignore the boards .
The upcoming enlargement of the European Union in May is a major focus not only for governments in the acceding countries , but also for their central banks .
There may be a certain trade-off between these two aspects , since the EU 's accession criteria were defined at a time when the eurozone did not exist and when best practices in exchange rate and monetary policy regimes differed from current ones .
Moreover , many empirical analyses show that real convergence should not be a serious obstacle to enlargement .
Even though many , including myself , do not see it as an optimal final solution , it is an important compromise that will allow eurozone enlargement to start .
Relatively prosperous Europeans tend not to purchase a car merely to get from point A to point B , shoes to keep their feet dry , a watch just to tell the time , or a bottle of water only to quench their thirst .
Embedding Europe 's cultural and ethical background in goods and services that reflect these values would not only set the European economy apart from the rest of the world , but would also strengthen these values globally .
The transition was not smooth , but those who understood the signs of the times early gained a historical head start .
It is not a coincidence that Benjamin Franklin had a background in printing and newspaper publishing .
Indeed , it is not just traditional mass media that are in trouble .
So it probably would not take much for politicians to be persuaded that the press is essential to democracy , and that its survival -- like that of public television in many countries -- depends on government support .
The alternative is to focus on what communication technology can not do : create rather than transmit a good story or a good policy .
The disruption caused by emerging communications technologies consists in the fact that the best pens may not be on the staffs of newspapers , and that policies need not be formulated only in the corridors of government .
And at regulatory agencies like Britain 's Financial Services Authority -LRB- which I lead -RRB- , the belief that financial innovation and increased market liquidity were valuable because they complete markets and improve price discovery was not just accepted ; it was part of the institutional DNA .
This belief system did not , of course , exclude the possibility of market intervention .
And regulation to increase market transparency was not only acceptable , but a central tenet of the doctrine , since transparency , like financial innovation , was believed to complete markets and help generate increased liquidity and price discovery .
Because they are only human , they will tend implicitly to support -- or at least not aggressively challenge -- the conventional wisdom that serves the industry 's interests , however rigorously independent they are in their judgments concerning specific issues .
But we should not underplay the importance of ideology .
These include higher capital ratios for systemically important banks , stricter supervision , limits on trading activity , pre-designated resolution and recovery plans , and taxes aimed not at `` getting our money back , '' but at internalizing externalities -- that is , making those at fault pay the social costs of their behavior -- and creating better incentives .
But we must not confuse `` necessary '' with `` sufficient '' ; there is a danger that an exclusive focus on institutions that are too big to fail could divert us from more fundamental issues .
All of this implies that the crucial problem is not the fiscal cost of rescue , but the macroeconomic volatility induced by precarious credit supply -- first provided too easily and at too low a price , and then severely restricted .
But it must not take another Hiroshima or Nagasaki -- or an even greater disaster -- before they finally wake up and recognize the urgent necessity of nuclear disarmament .
We must not tolerate a system of nuclear apartheid , in which it is considered legitimate for some states to possess nuclear arms but patently unacceptable for others to seek to acquire them .
The NPT is not a license for the five original nuclear powers to cling to these weapons indefinitely .
Furthermore , these and other countries ' modernization activities can not be reconciled with their professed support for a world free of nuclear weapons .
It is true that nuclear weapons can not be uninvented , but that does not mean that nuclear disarmament is an impossible dream .
They will work to achieve a world in which such weapons are no more -- where the rule of law , not the rule of force , reigns supreme , and cooperation is seen as the best guarantor of international peace .
In light of the escalating violent repression of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change -- and of those whose support apparently helped the MDC to prevail in the presidential election , the results of which have still not been announced after four weeks -- an international arms embargo on Zimbabwe is urgently needed .
We must apply our own talents and intellect , not wait for handouts from abroad .
We are not seeking ostentatious posts and cheap popularity . We do not desire artificial recognition or flattering awards .
We will not timidly look around and lose our way ; we will not turn back .
We will pursue our goals regardless of where we find may ourselves - in parliament -LRB- supporting the government or in opposition -RRB- , in the presidential palace , or even in prison for our beliefs -LRB- as I found myself not many weeks ago -RRB- .
Ukrainians need not wait long to improve their lives .
So we must not be tricked by the fact that those who gained economic power by looting state assets now employ lawyers , invoke free market nostrums , and claim to follow the letter of the law .
Legal primitives are not alone in embracing this stance .
Some who a year ago displayed great public spirit came to feel , when in government , that they could not vindicate the supremacy of law without curtailing economic growth .
For when people do not believe that their government adheres to this higher spirit of law , no constitution is worth the paper it is written on ; no business transaction is safe .
The lesson in the open Kryvorizhstal auction is clear : if a president may not act willfully , arbitrarily , by personal prerogative , then no one may .
Ministers may not .
Parliament may not .
Majorities may not .
Individuals may not .
Crowds may not .
To promote the truth , we are told that old crimes - even the beheading of a journalist and the poisoning of our president - must not be closely examined .
Now that I am not in government , that investigation has been shelved .
But this does not mean we want to bury history and our historic ties .
Indeed , Ukraine 's interests form a comfortingly familiar triangle of economic , political , and strategic priorities : free trade and open markets across the globe ; prosperous and democratic neighbors ; and not being on the front-line of a conflict , still less a potential battleground , between Russia and the West .
That is a recipe for renewed threats , not only to Ukraine , but to EU members like Poland , the Czech Republic , Hungary , Slovakia , Slovenia , and the three Baltic states .
Today 's crisis over gas supplies must not be overblown .
But Ukrainians do not feel as secure as they should .
The way to deal with uncertainty and complex situations is to think clearly and act decisively , not cut deals that place Ukraine 's future in the hands of shadowy businesses .
Of course , our Orange forces are not perfect , and Viktor Yanukovich -- who again opposes Ukraine 's democrats -- is not Stalin reincarnated .
Yanukovich 's `` Party of the Regions '' has been leading in opinion polls for months , and the world should remember that Yushchenko 's ultimate triumph over him in 2004 was by a whisker , not a landslide .
Moreover , he would not be left to himself to govern , but would be a marionette of the oligarchs who bankroll his party , and perhaps of Russia , which yearns - -- albeit more discretely than a year ago -- for his triumph .
Many of its candidates seek office not to work for Ukraine 's betterment , but to gain parliamentary immunity from prosecution .
Some say we should not worry , that democracy and the market are now too well established in Ukraine to be replaced ; that reform is irreversible ; and that the country 's ruling oligarchic clans , like those of Eastern Europe , will in time become law-abiding capitalists .
Yanukovich 's foreign policy might not be openly subservient to Russia , but it wo n't also be a clearly pro-western one either .
Many who support Yanukovich do not necessarily wish to go back to the old days but are confused by the buffeting they have received in the past decade .
I do not claim that the Orange Revolution 's protagonists are paragons , and that the split between Yushchenko and me has not disheartened many of those who stood with us in the streets of Kyiv in the winter of 2004-2005 .
Above all , the new Rada -LRB- parliament -RRB- will settle down to the business of enacting laws and monitoring the government , not carving up the budget among corrupt clans .
For the battle for Ukraine 's liberty and independence was not decided last winter .
When one nation is intimidated or ostracized , all are not free .
Every aspect of our shared culture , if not the last century of shared suffering , confirms that for us .
Despite controlling the world 's largest gas reserves , Russia 's state-owned monopoly Gazprom is not producing enough for an economy growing at 6 % a year .
The problem is not a lack of reserves , but Gazprom 's investment strategy .
Russian reform will be impeded , not nurtured , by turning a blind eye to political and economic aggression .
The hard-fought independence of the former Soviet republics must not be tacitly traded away in acquiescence to Russia 's desire for regional hegemony .
Russia 's leaders are entitled to the world 's understanding as they struggle to overcome generations of Soviet misrule . But they are not entitled to the sphere of influence that Russian tsars and commissars coveted for 300 years .
Moscow and the Middle East Iran 's influence in the Middle East is being strengthened not only because of the opportunities created by the frustration of US power in Iraq , but because of the diplomatic protection it has been receiving from China , and most importantly , from Russia .
Russian President Vladimir Putin argues that Iran , unlike North Korea , has not expelled IAEA nuclear inspectors , quit the Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- or tested a weapon -- so it should be dealt with gently .
-LRB- Ukraine , for its part , opted not to participate in building the Bushehr reactor . -RRB-
This is doubly short-sighted as a nuclear armed Iran on Russia 's border is not in Russia 's national interest , particularly with Russia 's own 20 million Muslim citizens becoming increasingly radicalized .
And it is doing so not only in respect to Iran . The big question about Turkmenistan today is whether the vacuum left by Niyazov\/Turkmanbashi 's death will allow Islamic extremism to spill over from neighbouring Iran and Afghanistan .
I did not agree with Yushchenko 's decision to appoint Yanukovich prime minister following last year 's parliamentary election .
Even those Europeans who believe -- wrongly -- that democracy does not easily take root in post-Soviet countries should recognize that our people now feel empowered .
Ukraine 's unity , however , is not artificial .
So it would be wrong to say that the democratic center can not hold in Ukraine .
Our people understand that the Yanukovich government is not just political poison .
Europe must send a clear signal that Ukraine , unlike Czechoslovakia to Neville Chamberlain in 1938 , is not some faraway place of which it knows little , but rather an integral part of the European project .
In doing so , France became the catalyst not only for building European unity , but also for creating the prosperity that marked Europe 's post-war decades -- a prosperity now under threat because of the global financial and economic crisis .
Many observers regard these relations as a signal not just to the region , but to the rest of the world , of the sort of power that Russia wishes to be .
In contrast to Europe -- with its close-knit network of multilateral organizations through which states formulate and conduct much of their foreign policies -- Russia is not accustomed to intensively cooperative international procedures .
European history during the past 60 years makes clear that the most promising approach to meeting the challenge of national reconciliation and stability is not to focus on specific contingencies , but to establish procedures that encourage orderly change .
A singular vision has always animated this process : animosity between neighbors must not be allowed to fester , and the rule of law must reign not just within countries , but also between them .
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia , Ukraine , and Europe is not wishful thinking , but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity .
The first lesson of European unity is that times of crisis must draw the continent closer together , not divide it through protectionism , competitive devaluations , and expulsions of immigrants .
Similarly , the euro must not be allowed to become an Iron Curtain that consigns non-members to a high-risk zone where investors dare not venture .
I do not ask for these things out of a narrow concern for my country 's health .
Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless ; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin ; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars ; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that can not meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine 's people .
Because of the mess Mr. Kuchma has made of the economy , our thirst for Russian energy is not matched by an ability to pay the bill for these imports .
The first of Ukraine 's lessons for Egyptian and Tunisian democrats is that elections do not a democracy make .
In Ukraine today , these are not abstract questions .
Six years after our Orange Revolution , not only is my country 's democracy under threat , but the rule of law is being systematically perverted and our national independence bartered away .
Of course , Ukraine 's plight does not mean that the people of Egypt and Tunisia should spurn the call for free elections .
But elections alone can not solve the fundamental political problems confronting Egypt and Tunisia .
In particular , they can not create a liberal order and open society .
There must be accepted rules that are binding on everyone in politics , so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified .
The fact that a government has been democratically elected does not mean that the cause of freedom has prevailed .
The rest of the world must not turn a blind eye to authoritarian backsliding .
Yet today , not only are many of Ukraine 's neighbors silent about Yanukovich 's strangulation of Ukraine 's democracy , but some openly celebrate the supposed `` stability '' that his regime has imposed .
The reason is self-evident : civil society is an intricate , fragile , even mysterious entity that evolves over decades , if not centuries .
As people around the world encourage the prospect of democracy coming to Egypt and Tunisia , let us not be beguiled by its formal trappings .
But , unlike Japan 's Fukushima nuclear crisis , Chernobyl 's real lesson is not about nuclear-plant safety . It is about official arrogance and indifference to suffering , and a cult of secrecy that allows information to be shared only among a narrow elite obsessed with stability .
From his prison cell awaiting his execution by Hitler 's Gestapo , Dietrich Bonhoeffer declared that we must all `` share in God 's suffering . '' Indifference for Bonhoeffer was not only a sin , but also a type of punishment .
Kuchma has not suddenly converted to the view that parliamentary democracies are better than presidential ones .
But his term ends next year and he can not run again .
Of course , constitutions are not meant to protect the status quo if the status quo is rotten .
On the contrary , what is rotten in Ukraine is not its constitution , but its president , who is mired in charges of corruption and orchestrating the murder of journalists , and who is shunned by other world leaders .
So Kuchma knows that he can not rely on handpicking his successor , as Yeltsin did in Russia .
But any attempt to prolong Kuchma 's rule will create such a political mess that it is not absurd to fear that Ukraine could follow Belarus and the Balkans of the early 1990 's into outright dictatorship and chaos .
But an imperial Russia can not be a democratic Russia . So Kuchma endangers freedom and human rights not only in Ukraine , but ultimately threatens Russia 's democracy as well .
The EU should not fret about interfering in Ukraine 's domestic affairs .
It can not be the case that America 's fidelity to democracy in Ukraine can be so cynically purchased .
The constitution must be reformed , but not to shift power from one unaccountable leader to another .
Less certain is whether he will feel secure enough to hold a presidential election -LRB- or any other kind of election -RRB- if he can not change the constitution in a way that guarantees his continued misrule .
It is , after all , President Kuchma who is discredited , not Ukraine 's constitutional arrangements .
But , sadly , the treaty will only entrench postcommunism 's corrupt and criminal business practices , not increase trade or prosperity .
By definition , it discriminates against countries outside the club , with which trade will not be liberalized .
Worse yet , markets will be carved up for political , not commercial , reasons , locking in inefficiencies .
On the other hand , not long after the `` united economic space '' was announced , Russia began to cast covetous eyes on the Ukrainian Black Sea island of Tuszla .
Economic borders can not and will not disappear until Russia and Ukraine agree on their territorial borders .
My opposition to the `` united economic space '' is not opposition to Russia .
I am not one of those people who think Russia is so naturally collectivist that free trade and an open economy can not work there .
But I do believe that , for these canards to be discarded , Russia and Ukraine must open themselves to global competition , not isolate themselves with each other .
Ukraine and Russia , too , can create the future they want , but not by closing themselves off in a `` united economic space '' that , in reality , is nothing more than another dark corner .
Groucho Marx once famously quipped that he did not want to join any club that would have him as a member .
But in today 's European Union , Groucho need not apply .
By the end of this year , the EU is to decide whether to open membership talks with Turkey - a country that is not only poor and big , but Muslim .
But it does not view Ukraine as a candidate for EU membership , at least not in the foreseeable future .
One reason for this is that the EU does not want to pick a fight with Russia , which still sees us as its close ally , natural business partner , and as members of an enlarging Russian-led economic zone .
But this supposed free-trade zone seems more like a recipe to enrich oligarchs and stifle competition , not promote trade .
But membership in the EU does not mean estrangement from Russia .
In the EU , only Poland seems to want Ukraine as a prosperous , stable , and accessible neighbor , not as a poor and rickety one with a dodgy democracy and even dodgier nuclear power stations .
We are not really European , we are too poor , we are too different .
The struggle to secure the victory of Viktor Yushchenko , the true winner in last Sunday 's presidential election , as Ukraine 's new president is not one that we sought .
But , that battle for our freedom having been imposed upon us , we will not be found wanting in either courage or resolve .
Such a volatile ruling elite can not be counted on to be consistent from now on .
To do otherwise is to surrender not only our freedom , but our hopes for better lives .
For we are engaged not in revolution , but in peaceful democratic evolution .
So do not doubt our ability to endure and stand firm .
For our movement is a triumph , not of mobs but of joyous crowds ; of protests , not of looting ; of clear purpose , not confusion .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody -- not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraine 's parliament -- knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day .
Our nation 's unity is not artificial .
Having laid the foundations of genuine democracy , our house will not be divided by anyone .
Since this quantity is required by the government to be blended with gasoline , regardless of the price of ethanol , corn , or gasoline , the demand that it creates for corn is not at all responsive to the price of corn .
The US is not likely to repeat this experience .
Financial crises and currency crises are often linked , but we have not seen this in the US .
In any case , rich European countries will suffer a permanent structural decline in manufacturing : much of the decline that we now see in European manufacturing is not the result of temporary economic movements but is part of a long-term adjustment of the industrial sector 's size .
But it is too easy to say what should not be done .
Against this picture then , it is hard not to expect developing countries to exploit their abundant coal resources to generate power for their own development , especially given that modern technology can help produce coal cleanly .
Moreover , in sharp contrast to the majority of NATO members , Turkey maintains that Iran and Syria should not be viewed as threats .
Turkey insists that such decisions can not be taken unilaterally , and that a NATO-wide consensus is necessary to change this critical element of the alliance 's nuclear deterrence .
Turkish officials say that they would not oppose any program that would strengthen NATO 's security .
Its government is seeking a strong role in world affairs , and consequently its policies have not always aligned with those of a majority of NATO members .
Many countries invest less , and even Sweden 's 4 % of GDP might not be enough , given higher spending on R&D in China , India , and the United States .
That requires adopting policies that cover everything from kindergarten training to collaboration between universities and companies , as well as an overall business climate in which success is rewarded and failure is not treated as a human catastrophe .
Moreover , private schools are not seen as mere supplements to public schools , but as fully-fledged alternatives , so they need not offer something different .
The amount of financing per student is the same , and schools that receive vouchers can not charge additional fees .
This is all the more remarkable insofar as the principle of competition on which it relies has taken root in a country where competition within the area of public services has not generally been accepted .
The protagonists that pressured the regime into relinquishing the ASEAN chair were not the usual Western human rights campaigners , but Burma 's closest ASEAN neighbors .
The Fight for Food GENEVA -- Every year , 3.5 million mothers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases .
The issue is not severe and acute malnutrition , which hits populations suddenly , usually as a result of conflict . The question is how we attract the attention of the European Union and the G8 countries to the malnutrition that experts call `` hidden hunger , '' which affects one in every three people worldwide .
Doing so would not be difficult .
Likewise , despite much rhetoric , greenhouse gas emissions are not seriously addressed until major shocks trigger political reactions .
Obviously , the US can not remove this uncertainty without robbing the sabre-rattling of its beneficial effect .
That indignation seems strongest among those who have not even bothered to read the American arguments .
Europe does not increase its influence by berating the US for acting in its national interest ;
2 . showing some understanding for the view of some in the Bush administration that the US should not be bogged down by a continent that is soft , decadent and moralizing .
This is not a pleasant way of putting it , but many Americans remember how on two occasions in the former Yugoslavia - a pre-eminently European theater - Europe was helpless until American warplanes showed up ;
3 . making clear that Europe and the US are on the same side , not only in the war on terror generally but also in dealing with Saddam .
This debate about how to deal with Saddam might go as follows . It is not difficult to overthrow Saddam , but it is impossible to predict who or what will take his place .
This will not entirely remove the Iraqi threat but will make it controllable .
Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains , and the US may conclude that it can not afford that .
If President Bush then opts for regime change , Europe should not opt out .
Many Europeans will argue that they can not condone military action without a Security Council mandate .
Unasur , however , has highlighted the cooling of relations between Brazil and Mexico , which is not a member of the new organization .
This may well have an impact on future regional political coordination , although Mexico 's future membership has not been ruled out .
-LRB- Furthermore , Mexican President Felipe Calderón 's participation in the Latin American and Caribbean Summit on Integration and Development in Bahia in December 2008 suggests that Mexico has not turned its back on the possibility of coordinating regional positions . -RRB-
Even if President Hosni Mubarak hangs on to complete the remainder of his term , the ruling National Democratic Party 's regime , its legitimacy irreparably shaken , will not survive for long .
Resorting to thugs to carry out widespread intimidation , and blaming violence on the largely peaceful protests of hundreds of thousands of ordinary Egyptians , as their government has done , is not a good omen .
Fear of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is only marginally involved in an uprising that it did not initiate and has no hope of controlling , is no excuse for trying to save a failing regime .
The tragic consequences of eleventh-hour attempts to save the Shah in Iran should not be forgotten .
It is still too soon , however , to conclude that Europeans have finally overcome their fear of Arab democracy and will not be tempted to accept milder forms of `` liberal authoritarianism '' should the crisis drag on or a military takeover occur .
When tides are turning , people will remember who stood with them and who did not .
As it did during Ukraine 's Orange Revolution in 2004 , Europe needs to show that it stands for democracy , not merely for stability .
Bush 's Dying Days in Gaza PARIS -- During a visit to the Middle East , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates warned that enemies of the United States should not use the power vacuum there to try to alter the status quo or to undermine the new American president 's objectives .
Hardliners in Israel naturally regret the end of the Bush administration , for they know that , even if President Barack Obama does not dramatically change US policy toward Israel once he assumes power , he will not repeat Bush 's unconditional support .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern .
Although that strategic change in US policy is also in Israel 's best interests , most Israelis will not see it that way .
Such initiatives should not become bogged down in tortuous negotiations , but should focus on implementing the basic principles for a two-state solution , along the lines proposed by the Clinton administration before it left office eight years ago .
You would not feel any such anxiety in Buenos Aires shopping malls , which are as crowded as ever .
Politicians are often accused of promising what can not be delivered .
In Argentina , economists sold politicians on two dreams that could not be fulfilled .
But the currency board was not just a monetary system ; it was also a reform strategy .
The country had not reformed previously - the theory went - because it did not need to .
The magic wand illusion was not invented in Argentina .
Contrary to conventional wisdom , the government did not go on a spending binge .
World capital markets did not reciprocate .
But this time Argentina will not travel under the illusions fostered by economic scribblers , both dead and alive .
By underscoring the need to avoid trade protectionism and other beggar-thy-neighbor policies , it also put some pressure on governments concerning what not to do .
The dollar depreciation engineered by the US Federal Reserve seems an appealing proposition from the American standpoint , but the economies of Latin America can not and should not bear the burden of dollar realignment .
To reduce their dependence on commodities they also have signed free-trade agreements with the US -LRB- inexplicably not approved by the US Congress in the case of Colombia -RRB- .
The problem is that Colombia , Chile , and Peru are not members of the G-20 .
If countries are not adequately represented , international economic coordination will return by default to the multilateral institutions where it made little progress in the years that led up to the crisis .
But , starting in 2010 , the imbalances returned , and , according to the International Monetary Fund 's recently released World Economic Outlook , they will not shrink between now and 2016 .
Europe , gripped by a tremendous banking and debt crisis , is not an attractive destination , and loose monetary policy in the US has produced ultra-low bond yields there .
Loss of export competitiveness as a result of excessively strong currencies is not the only problem .
If buying dollars is not sufficient to stem the appreciation tide , regulators in emerging economies will erect an array of other barriers to keep money out .
But informal output is of little use for debt service if it can not be taxed .
This approach has several advantages : by leaving the face value of the debt unaltered , EU officials could argue that restructuring Greece 's debt did not amount to a default , thereby limiting contagion .
This is not to say that a single economic policy should be imposed on everyone ; but Europe does need a higher degree of coordination and convergence to ensure that everyone is at least heading in the same direction .
Moreover , all motorists must respect the rules of the road , and anyone who breaches them must be held to account , and possibly penalized , because even one rogue driver will most likely cause a major pile-up if not stopped .
It also launches infringement proceedings against member states that have not implemented valid directives on time , or in the correct manner .
There may be disputes in some cases , but the system has brought a degree of legal certainty across the single market that the EU 's member states could not have achieved on their own .
The challenge now for EU leaders is not to repackage old policies , but to express a collective vision and will to act together .
If European countries are to emerge stronger from the current crisis , they need to think bigger and put more faith , not less , in the collective enterprise that is the EU .
After all , European unification was conceived as a project of pooled sovereignty , not surrendered prosperity .
This strongly suggests that jobs broadly `` follow '' sales -LRB- or perhaps the other way round -RRB- , even though , once again , this is true only on average and not for all companies .
Indeed , by requesting further review of the loans , Haiti would have to make scheduled payments before the funds were even disbursed . `` While this is not a ` bullet-proof ' way to stop IDB disbursements , '' the counsellor wrote , `` it certainly will put a few more large rocks in the road . ''
If the US and other member states join the IDB and take on the responsibility to improve conditions in the Americas , they can not then use their membership to undermine the basic rights of the people they claim to serve simply to advance their own political agenda .
The IDB and the US government must take responsibility for their actions and implement the necessary transparency mechanisms to ensure that such abuses do not recur . Congressional inquiries and annual reviews of the Treasury Department by the Government Accountability Office could provide the oversight necessary to prevent future political misuse of the IDB and its funds .
Second , European leaders did not feel the need to wait for the US .
A coalition of the willing that intervenes in an Arab country can not be composed only of European powers and the US . Agreement from the Arab League was vital , as was securing a vote in the United Nations Security Council .
Fourth , Germany will not always want to play ball .
But German reticence did not paralyze Europe .
Europe is not a monolith , but in many areas it can still act coherently , even without complete agreement .
Whether the outlier is Germany or another EU member state , division need not be fatal .
But India 's quest for energy in West Africa is not a core component of the government 's energy policy ; rather , it is part of its effort to diversify energy sources by offering infrastructure investments , in addition to cash bonus payments when contracts are signed .
Seventeen of the 45 blocks are being reserved for unknown companies that will be given a first right of refusal on acreage in exchange for promises to invest heavily in projects not directly related to oil production , such as new power plants and refineries .
Mahatma Gandhi once said that `` commerce between India and Africa will be of ideas and services , not of manufactured goods against raw materials after the fashion of western exploiters . ''
India should not regard Africa as simply a source of natural resources .
His view , in essence , means that the current financial crisis is the final proof that markets do not process information efficiently .
Or perhaps it is not so new after all .
What it sought to address was market power in a particular sector , not size per se , because market power leads to high prices and potentially reduces variety and innovation .
The issue is not only that firms that become systemically vital may blackmail society , but also that very large firms can tilt the playing field to further their interests at society 's expense .
Firms can be made to internalize the costs they impose on society with appropriate regulation -LRB- for example , capital requirements with a systemic charge for financial institutions -RRB- , but it is not so obvious what to do with `` excessive '' influence that comes with size .
To limit the size of firms to check the concentration of power is a very blunt instrument -- one that highlights the failure of other controls in the democratic process aimed at ensuring that strong lobbies do not end up imposing regulation that is not aligned with social welfare .
But if effective checks and balances are not put in place , nineteenth-century antitrust may be back in fashion sooner rather than later .
A bank with thin margins and limited liability does not have much to lose , and will tend to gamble -- a tendency that is exacerbated by deposit insurance and too-big-to-fail policies .
The problem is that regulation is unlikely to eliminate completely market failures : the competition-stability trade-off can be ameliorated , but not eliminated .
All this would not be so problematic if the increased market power of the merged institutions were a temporary reward for past prudent behavior .
So I suggested that he not drive .
Only those not offered bribes , said Boris , do n't take them .
In fact , the Chechen war would not have lasted as long as it has if it were n't for corrupt generals , officers , clerks , and policemen who sell weapons and supplies to the rebels .
The Chechen War goes on and on not only because the Chechen rebels have Al-Qaida and the whole ` Terrorist International ' as allies , but because they have an ally in Russian corruption .
The conductor stopped her , saying that ticketed passengers were not allowed on the train !
Now Russia 's prime minister tells us that democracy is indeed great , but that public protests can not take place in public places , say , around hospitals and the like .
Never mind that the Russian constitution does not list hospitals among places forbidden for public assembly , or that sick people need democracy , too .
Russian President Dmitri Medvedev does understand -- with no `` buts '' -- that `` freedom is better than not freedom , '' that `` legal nihilism '' is bad and democracy is good .
Such people can not be dismissed as useless , since we need the innovation that they deliver , even if we think Russia does n't need democracy .
True , not all members of the thinking minority attend the dissenters ' marches , yet many more of them silently oppose the regime .
The hope is that not only those living in Russia but also emigrants will be overcome with patriotic feelings .
Then this scientist will be surprised -LRB- or not -RRB- to discover that the Russian majority views Joseph Stalin as the third most popular person in a contest to be known as the `` Face of Russia . '' In the meantime , his junior colleague in Russia , who still has his whole future in front of him , does not attend the Dissenters ' March , but simply emigrates , which is also a form of protest .
Similarly , in a country where the concepts of democracy and freedom are balanced by `` but , '' achievements in science , technology , and economy are not possible .
According to Gallup , only 7 % of Muslims are politically radical and condone the use of violence , and their motives are not so much religious as inspired by the demeaning political and social treatment that Muslims are perceived to suffer .
Germany 's vital small and medium-size businesses -- the famous `` mittelstand '' -- has not only lost its dynamism , but investment in this sector is grinding to a halt .
Tax hikes will not solve the government 's fiscal problems , because weakening growth ultimately means less tax revenues .
This suggests that a majority of Germans still do not yet perceive economic weakness as more important than other , more short-term issues .
It also signals , correctly , that both main opposition parties did not appreciate the implications of Schröder 's victory in 1998 .
The right 's lack of clear alternative policies made it easy for voters to turn back to the Chancellor when he decided not to talk about the economy .
But if the line is drawn too narrowly , individuals may not get needed help .
Yet the psychiatrists who formulated the DSM-5 's proposed changes are not trained in conceptual analysis , and , though amply forewarned , they have addressed the normal-versus-disordered issue in an unsystematic , ad hoc manner .
Apparently , people who feel bad about not being fully controlled in their eating when confronted by weekend buffet-style feasts are disordered .
Likewise , loose or quirky thinking that is not now a disorder but indicates an increased risk of developing a psychotic disorder would be classified as a `` psychotic risk disorder . ''
Moreover , some obviously invalid current categories have not been addressed .
Normal individuals often need and deserve help , but the decision as to the kind of help they get should not be biased by incorrect labeling of their conditions as mental disorders that suggest something is internally wrong with them .
Another anti-psychiatric backlash may not be far behind .
The vast majority of severely mentally disordered individuals are not violent .
A Russian reporter , Andrei Sitov , raised this question when he asserted at a White House press conference that American freedom was complicit in the Arizona shootings : `` As to why -- it does not seem all that incomprehensible , at least from the outside .
President Barack Obama 's press secretary answered defensively that American values do not endorse violence .
But the alleged shooter had never been formally diagnosed as mentally ill , so such targeted laws would not have prevented him from obtaining a gun .
Moreover , the US Constitution prohibits preventive detention : even severely disturbed individuals can not be detained involuntarily unless judged an imminent threat to themselves or others .
College counselors apparently did not think that the suspect met this demanding threshold .
Such protections should not be surrendered easily .
Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev , paving the way for the political abuse of psychiatric diagnosis , argued that , `` Of those who might start calling for opposition to Communism ... , we can say that clearly their mental state is not normal . ''
These final years will be critical , not only for the ICTY 's reputation and legacy but for international humanitarian law -LRB- the so-called `` laws of war '' -RRB- .
That record must not be wasted .
As a former judge at the ICTY , I can attest to the indispensable role that prosecutors inevitably play . They ensure that key legal and factual issues get raised , that the best evidence is obtained -- often through diplomatic means , but often at risk of life and limb in hostile territory -- that guilty pleas do not dilute the truth , and that sentencing recommendations are commensurate with the crimes ' true dimensions .
Even if Mladic or Karadzic are not turned over to the court , there are several top military and civilian leaders of the Srebrenica massacre whose cases are not yet finished , making the need for Tolbert paramount .
Alas , the UN 's ways are not always easy to comprehend , and it is reportedly contemplating the appointment of an outside prosecutor with no prior experience at the ICTY .
North Korea 's next mini-harvest is not due until late June .
Probably not : North Korea is not China .
So the training will take place , not in Stockholm or some other open city , but in communist Hanoi .
Unlike Deng , they will not find them acceptable .
But whatever the reason , these so-called `` remittances '' -- the cash workers send home to countries like Colombia , Haiti , Jamaica , Mexico , and Bangladesh -- act as a safety net that their governments typically need but can not afford to provide .
In case after case , billions of dollars in remittances from migrants have given families in poor countries what their governments -LRB- and foreign donors -RRB- could not always provide : food , safety , the resources to recover , and hope .
Either way , even if remittances from abroad act as a form of insurance in the event of natural disasters , this does not mean that they will increase when other types of external shocks occur .
It 's not a lack of equipment or of local knowledge .
Four years later , that figure had not budged .
Regulation , per se , is not the problem .
The biggest improvements for consumers , though , come not from privatization , but from competition .
But governments in developing countries are often accustomed to controlling all aspects of their economies and tend not to want regulators to promote competition .
Although China is not the only country to enjoy such long-term growth -LRB- post-WWII Japan and South Korea are other cases -RRB- , it is something of a miracle that a once-poor country with one-fifth of the world 's population could achieve such sustained development .
Environmental deterioration is severe , the `` Gini index '' -LRB- the gap between rich and poor -RRB- is widening , and official corruption has not been curbed .
If the economy can not maintain high growth rates , mounting unemployment could combine with an accumulation of unresolved political and social issues to create a risk of major social unrest .
Fourth , increased investment in the country 's social safety net includes not only universal health and social insurance , but also expanded housing subsidies .
To promote the sale of household electrical appliances in rural areas , the government has begun providing a 13 % price subsidy , not only benefiting rural consumption , but also boosting the growth of major industrial enterprises .
The benefits of these models are supposedly so obvious that it seems incomprehensible that ASEAN 's leaders can not see them .
The fact that North Korea 's close neighbors seem unable to grasp this seems to confirm that Asian disunity is not just stupid , but chronic and willful .
So it is no surprise that Asia 's leaders do not look to Europe for solutions to their regional problems .
But even then , things in Asia were not so clear-cut .
Asia can not afford to unite against the West .
But Asia equally can not afford to divide itself by ostracizing one of its parts .
The global economic system was buoyant and East Asia , not least post-Maoist China , was more deeply committed than anyone expected to support that system .
By 1997 , Mahathir was at the pinnacle of his power , inspiring the country to believe that it would not be long before all of the country 's communities would see themselves as sharing a common Malay nationality .
Despite wearing his Malay nationalism on his sleeve , Mahathir ultimately persuaded most non-Malays that he was not simply a communal leader but someone who cared for all Malaysia 's communities .
In time , he made people forget that he had opposed Tunku Abdul Rahman for not being sufficiently `` Malay '' and for conceding too much to the Chinese and Indian coalition partners in Tunku 's early post-independence governments .
He will not want Malaysia to fall far behind .
Of course , one reason for that failure is that the South Vietnamese were not different enough from the North Vietnamese for the Malayan formula of identifying and isolating rebel communities by race to work .
Furthermore , the degree of rigidity in inter-ethnic negotiations since the rise to power of the Bandaranaike family -LRB- of which the current President is a member -RRB- was accompanied by a series of ideological struggles among Sinhalese politicians , not least those led by various socialist and communist parties .
The British , who did not depose the Malay rulers as they did the Singhalese king in Kandy , made sure that the native position of the Malays was constitutionally secure from the start .
Although most Chinese in Malaysia now feel that they deserve the full rights of citizenship , they have not insisted on absolute equality .
In any case , they never claim to be indigenous to any particular locale , not even in Singapore , where ethnic Chinese make up three-quarters of the population .
China has changed dramatically since the mid-1980 's . It 's not just the increase in the number of freeways , billboards , and skyscrapers that disorient long-time visitors .
Control in China was not nearly rigid enough to make it the embodiment of an all-embracing , authoritarian Big Brother state , but there were parallels , from the disparagement of many forms of `` bourgeois '' enjoyment and entertainment to periodic propaganda campaigns insisting that two plus two equaled five .
Orwell 's Big Brother would not have been amused by this remark .
That is no excuse for paranoia and repression , but just because the Party has outlasted predictions of its demise does not mean that it has no Achilles heel .
These structural features fit well with Chinese merchants , who did not want to see their companies grow so large that they attracted official attention .
But this group 's members are usually not among the most successful entrepreneurs ; none , for example , has been included in the annual Forbes list of the ten richest persons in China .
But the aim of creating a `` European home market '' should not be reserved for wholesale market players .
There are undoubtedly `` natural '' barriers , such as language and national mentalities , which can not be overcome swiftly . But there are also big `` man-made '' barriers , particularly those created by different national legislation in the fields of investor and consumer protection .
The question is not one of aligning tax rates , which can and should be determined by competition .
In the UK , the sovereign is not only head of state but also head of the church .
The new Polish constitution gives an elegant answer : It acknowledge both traditions : '' We , the Polish Nation - all citizens of the Republic , both those who believe in God as the source of truth , justice , good and beauty , as well as those not sharing such faith but respecting those universal values as arising from other sources , equal in rights and obligations towards the common good ... ''
A similar solution should be found for the European Constitution . Europe can not preach cultural pluralism and practice constitutional imperialism .
But in the European way of thinking , democracy must be spread pacifically , by persuasion , not by force of arms .
The Peronist Party has not rallied around a single candidate .
Because Peronist politics is defined by pragmatism and opportunism , not principle , leading Peronists have felt free to pursue their own ambitions as their traditional enemy , the Radical Party , looks set to secure a mere 2-3 % of the vote .
But the differences between the candidates are not about ideas and programs , but about the power to hand out money , jobs , and patronage to party hacks .
It is not in the interest of the US or Europe for any of the states at the head of the list -- Egypt , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Syria , and Algeria -- to have its own nuclear weapons capability .
Others have claimed that Iran 's leaders do not care one way or the other about world opinion .
This , too , is an insufficient explanation , for no country , not even North Korea , lives in a vacuum .
It need not single out Iran , and would be more effective than a unilateral US guarantee to Israel or any other single state .
This does not appear to have been overtaken by globalization .
Yet we should not deny that technology has had an important effect almost everywhere .
Better and faster communication is not a valuable end in itself , at least for diplomats .
This is not simply due to some iron law of progress .
We need only read the contemporary press accounts of any major international conference during this period to realize how important various pressure groups -- not only the press , but also `` peace activists , '' bankers , industrialists , labor unions , religious organizations , and countless others -- were in nearly all of these instances .
To those of us not privy to the hidden complexities of NATO 's military intervention in Afghanistan , the situation there -- and across Central Asia -- is extremely worrisome .
This is a worthy aim , but it is not clear that the main actors in Central Asia -- including China , which reportedly is quietly but firmly backing Karimov -- are playing on the same team .
Another explosion in the Ferghana valley could be hard to contain if the pieces of declared and actual policy are not brought together , and if the most important regional leaders are n't brought on board .
We have heard this story many times before , not only in the US , but in other places as well .
Most historians place leadership in the foreground of human history , with structural variables having conditional , not causal , value .
Those who understand Americans ' deep-rooted passion for `` making it '' know why class or any other civil warfare has not succeeded in destroying America from within .
Moreover , UN analysts estimate that most of the additional troops will not arrive in Darfur until early next year .
In addition , an extensive military operation in Darfur would not necessarily secure the region unless it also addressed the problems in the rest of Sudan .
The UN Human Rights Committee has found that widespread and systematic human rights abuses extend throughout Sudan , not just Darfur . Foreign Policy magazine considers Sudan the country most at risk of state failure .
In order not to appear intimidated by Russia 's forceful dismemberment of Georgia , NATO governments have publicly reaffirmed their support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and the country 's desire to join NATO eventually .
Russia 's continuing demographic problems will also make it difficult for the armed forces to become a fully professional military , one that does not depend on poorly motivated conscripts .
Even in the high-priority defense sector , perhaps one-third of government spending is wasted or stolen -- a condition that is not conducive to realizing Russia 's great power ambitions .
Although China is not situated along the `` Northern Route '' through which Afghan narcotics traditionally enter Central Asia and Europe , new trafficking networks have developed since 2005 that transport illicit drugs from Afghanistan through Pakistan and Central Asia into China .
Since SCO members have stated that they are not prepared to provide combat troops to the NATO-led ISAF , closer collaboration should first concentrate on revitalizing the Afghan economy and providing alternative livelihoods to those involved in narcotics .
According to Perminov , the proposals that Roscosmos is considering do not envision trying to destroy the asteroid , but rather to use the laws of physics to change its path .
The more practical problem is that even a nuclear explosion might not prove sufficiently powerful .
Since an asteroid collision could , like global climate change , affect all of humanity , should not everyone have some say in the decision ?
An interesting issue would arise if some countries wanted to act , but others did not .
For the first time , the US pledges not to retaliate with a nuclear strike even if attacked by chemical or biological weapons .
In addition , his administration pledges not to resume testing nuclear weapons by detonating them , and to seek to bring the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty -LRB- CTBT -RRB- into force by securing its ratification by the US Senate and all other countries .
It commits the US not to employ or threaten to employ nuclear weapons against states that do not possess them , provided that these countries remain in compliance with the NPT and their other nuclear non-proliferation obligations .
Although some US officials remain skeptical about these capabilities , they appreciate that Congress might not ratify a START Treaty that included formal limitations on these options .
The US will seek to guarantee the reliability of its nuclear weapons by spending billions of dollars to improve its nuclear weapons infrastructure and conduct tests not involving nuclear detonations .
WASHINGTON , DC -- The Obama administration has affirmed that , while it will not participate directly , it supports the idea of peace negotiations between the Afghan Taliban and the Afghan government .
The hope is that the Taliban leadership is not cohesive -- that , whereas some of its members are probably committed to al-Qaeda 's absolutist ideology , others might accept a compromise settlement .
Karzai and Western leaders have repeatedly insisted that their reconciliation offer does not extend to al-Qaeda members , who are seen as alien foreign elements whose extremist convictions and past terrorist activities make them unacceptable negotiating partners .
More importantly , the Taliban in government would not necessarily support Islamic insurgencies in other countries or engage in distant terrorist attacks in Western countries , whereas al-Qaeda almost certainly would .
It includes a number of liberal-democratic principles that many Taliban consider objectionable , if not blasphemous .
Human rights groups suspect that even if the Afghan government and Taliban representatives profess to respect the constitution in any future peace agreement , they will not enforce some of its provisions in practice .
One reason why progress in the reconciliation processes has been slower than anticipated is that Western governments have not pressed Karzai to engage in genuine peace negotiations with Taliban leaders until coalition forces have had the opportunity to reverse the deteriorating situation on the battlefield .
Russia 's diplomats have generally , but not always , adopted a harder line , while Rogozin has been pushing his own BMD agenda .
American officials stress that they will not try to negate Russia 's strategic deterrent -- an impossible effort , given the size and sophistication of Russian 's offensive nuclear forces .
But the Obama administration can not sign an agreement stating that it will deliberately constrain America 's ability to protect itself and its allies from foreign missile attacks .
NATO officials persuasively argued that their collective-defense commitment could not be delegated to a non-NATO member .
Some of the most powerful nations in the world still do not see fully cooperating with or participating in UN affairs as in their interest .
To assist them in their tasks , and to assure that the great global issues of the day are addressed in a forum that unites and does not divide , the UN needs to be strengthened in the fields in which NGO 's are working so impressively .
The IMF , World Bank , and WTO should not only report to , but be dependent upon this new UN reformed structure .
The world can not do without rules ; it can not move forward against our age 's most pressing problems without defined legal rules and the institutions that regulate international law .
Because these institutions do not exist , the UN must now invent them .
I am grateful that one of the reactions to September 11th was , if I am not mistaken , a somewhat changed attitude within the USA vis-à-vis the UN .
I have tried to present the ideas outlined here not only to the General Assembly but also to the permanent members of the Security Council .
But just as the time is coming when the US will to come see the UN as indispensable , the Security Council and its members will come to see the creation of new bodies within the UN not as rivals , but as the only means for the world 's people , in solidarity , to confront the myriad social and economic problems that they face .
The change in priorities - and outsiders ' tendency to overlook it - is not difficult to understand .
Perhaps for some people not talking is the most appropriate response .
Talking to a stranger , whom one has never met before and will not meet again , may impede the normal processes of recovery that rely on one 's own social networks - family , friends , priest , doctor , who may be better able to place the trauma in context .
Of course , when a cherished belief is challenged , various counter claims arise - the evidence is for the wrong type of debriefing , the trials were not well done , elements of debriefing could still `` work , '' the testimonies of those who are certain it helped them can not be discounted , and so on .
This is inevitable , but it should not distract us from the main findings .
There can be no doubt that those who are attempting to help people involved in disasters and trauma have noble motives , but that is not enough .
First , unlike debriefing these interventions work not on normal people who have been exposed to adversity , but on those who have a definite psychiatric disorder .
It seems better to concentrate on delivering effective treatments to the smaller number of people who really need them , and not on the larger number of people who do n't .
This may happen when old structures are swept away , and are not replaced with new ones in a prudent way .
Open societies demand reliable institutions , and these can not be created overnight .
Enormous effort was expended by them - something not fully understood by current EU members - to accomplish their domestic transformations and so adapt themselves to the incredibly extensive acquis of the Union .
An important step not taken was to end the principle of unanimity that rules decisionmaking in the EU Council of Ministers , and replacing it with a system of qualified-majority voting .
If , in future , every country continues to send at least one commissioner to Brussels , the process will grind to a crawl , if not a halt .
But the most important question of EU democracy is this : a nation can vote its government out of office when it is not satisfied , but this is not possible in the EU .
The Commission can not be voted out of office because it was never actually voted into office .
The European parliament is also not yet a real parliament , with control of the purse and oversight of the executive .
As the Union reforms itself internally to strengthen its democratic character and become a truly open society , it must not close itself off from those outside it .
The Union must see to it that this border is not a new wall dividing Europe , and that the zone of stability and prosperity it has created for its members spreads to the EU 's eastern neighbors as well .
Membership in the EU should not be the determining factor in European statecraft .
The EU 's ability to create peace and stability - not to mention economic prosperity - is unique in modern history .
Today there is not too much America - as some maintain - but too little Europe .
The November elections will not resolve these fundamental questions , and whether a workable constitutional framework will develop is uncertain .
In the near term , the most likely counterweight could be a liberal coalition with a heavy component of former members of deposed President Hosni Mubarak 's National Democratic Party -LRB- NDP -RRB- -- that is , those who have not been discredited by their association with Mubarak .
But , in today 's world of sovereign states , treaties creating new international institutions with supranational powers are not realistic alternatives .
But , while it should identify regulatory gaps and encourage more proactive work by the various standard-setting bodies , it should not take on daily operational responsibilities .
Expectations of a greater FSB focus on shadow banking stem not only from non-bank financial institutions ' role in fueling the 2008-2009 crisis , but also from the concern that stiffer capital and liquidity requirements for banks might shift risk away from the financial sector 's regulated core .
The US may view its war on drugs in Mexico and Colombia as partially successful ; the danger is that Central America does not have those countries ' institutional resilience , leaving the way open for new fronts to be opened .
While foreign companies have not been deliberately targeted , regular headlines of new killings hardly present a positive international image .
After reviewing all relevant pediatric trials , the UK 's Medinces and Heathcare products Regulatory Agency -LRB- MHRA -RRB- advised that the risks outweighed the benefits for all SSRI 's -LRB- except fluoxetine -RRB- , and that these products should not be prescribed as new therapy for patients under 18 years of age with depressive illness .
For the first time , the MHRA made public a summary of the review that this decision was based on , including both efficacy and safety data for all of the trials , regardless of whether they had previously been published or not .
This was important because about half of the trials had not been published in peer-reviewed journals .
The MHRA was not alone in being concerned about pediatric trials .
Taken together , it is not hard to see why some commentators argue that there has been little attempt by the pharmaceutical industry to properly assess the risks and benefits of their products in under 18 's .
The problem is widespread and not restricted to drug companies .
Finally , product labels must reflect negative or equivocal results , not just those that are positive .
But , while we often assume that the benefits of improving water and sanitation systems always outweigh the costs , this is not always true .
Spending a large amount of money to do a little amount of good is not a sound investment .
Estimates of what people in poor nations are willing to pay for piped water do not exceed the costs for many water and sanitation projects .
Often , they prioritize electrification ahead of running water , even though electricity is not essential for life : whatever the inconvenience , water can be carted home from a vendor or a well , but there is no convenient way to carry electricity .
While the three low-cost water and sanitation interventions discussed here may not always pass a cost-benefit test , they are likely to attract investment in many circumstances , while simultaneously responding to communities ' preferences .
An emotional speaker , Presient Lukashenka is not unpopular , for he touches the soul of the generation that mourns the Soviet Union 's passing : WWII veterans , retired people , and collective farm workers .
But he and his advisors -- in particular Vladimir Zametalin , deputy head of the presidential administration and Victor Sheiman , the Procurator General with special authority during the election -- claim that they will not allow themselves to go down to electoral defeat like Yugoslavia 's Slobodan Milosevic .
President Lukashenko has not been held to account because he has concentrated all power -- executive , legislative , and judicial -- in his hands .
After all , science and technology are not only the primary drivers of growth in the modern economy ; they are also increasingly central to many major public policy issues , most notably those surrounding climate change and health care .
To be sure , the need for more and better science education has not been entirely ignored .
Science education research clearly shows that a true understanding of science , as demonstrated by how it is practiced , is not merely about learning information .
While this shift led to far more effective medical treatments , it did not come quickly or naturally to people .
Determining whether a substance is `` dangerous '' involves determining not only the material 's toxicity , but the degree to which it will ever come into contact with a living cell .
Although the euro , created in 1999 , turned out to be a more serious competitor to the dollar , its share in total international reserves has probably remained below 30 % , compared to 65 % for the dollar -LRB- these shares are in part estimates , as China , the world 's largest holder of reserves , does not report the currency composition of its holdings -RRB- .
The idea was to permit countries whose official dollar holdings were larger than they were comfortable with to convert dollars into SDRs . Conversion would occur outside the market , and thus would not put downward pressure on the dollar .
The plan fell apart when some major IMF shareholders could not accept the burden-sharing arrangements that would be necessary in case of losses due to exchange-rate movements .
If it does not , the debate will take place elsewhere .
Fortunately , that does not rule out humans , for we can augment the eyes we were born with .
The dark matter is actually not dark in the usual sense , but utterly transparent .
We have observed the effects of the `` water '' that we use to simplify our equations -- it slows down particles , and makes them heavy -- but we do not know what it is made out of .
Our current understanding of physics is powerful and accurate , as far as it goes , but it is not as beautiful and coherent as it should be .
There are other impediments to global mobility , too , not always explicitly protectionist , but all having the effect of limiting access to universities around the world .
The globalization of higher education should be embraced , not feared -- including in the US .
Above all , this is because the expansion of knowledge is not a zero-sum game .
The US should respond to the globalization of higher education not with angst but with a sense of possibility .
Even if it was , the problems of mass urbanization in the twenty-first century will not be solved by such crude methods .
What the United Nations calls the `` century of urbanization '' will require creativity and imagination , innovations and not brute brick walls or even more subtle security frontiers .
It can also result in various physical complaints that do not seem to be caused by any physical illness .
Sometimes , there is even a feeling that life is not worth living and that one would be better off dead .
Russia has begun a war of words over Ukraine 's supply of arms to Georgia . And the conflict itself has shown that the Russian Black Sea Fleet , based in Sevastopol , can operate with impunity , whether Ukraine likes it or not .
The European Neighborhood Policy is worthy enough , but it does not address the pressing concerns about maintaining and securing Ukraine 's independence .
Many member states will worry about leaping straight to the contentious issue of ultimate membership for Ukraine , but the EU already recognizes Ukraine 's theoretical right to join once it has met the Copenhagen criteria ; and it can not be beyond EU leaders ' verbal dexterity to play up the prospect .
The decision to appoint Ukraine and Poland as co-hosts was a powerful symbol of European unity across the current EU border -LRB- Poland is a member , Ukraine is not -RRB- . UEFA is unhappy with Ukraine 's progress in building the necessary infrastructure , but Ukraine should be given time to get its act together .
Thus , lowering inflation would require reducing the growth rate -LRB- if not the level -RRB- of these two demand components .
Investment -LRB- especially in infrastructure in backward areas and social investments -RRB- should not bear the brunt of the expenditure squeeze , because today 's investment is also tomorrow 's growth in production capacity ; and the production of more goods tomorrow would reduce inflation .
Unfortunately , this has not been the case since 1995 , when the NPT Review and Extension Conference made the duration of the NPT 's validity indefinite .
The Conference , which included the original five nuclear weapon states -LRB- the United States , Russia , China , France , and Great Britain -RRB- as well as a great number of other UN members , did not reach consensus on a `` Final Declaration . ''
The evolution of the NPT - its adaptation to new environments and problems that were not anticipated at the time of its adoption - appeared to ensure the Treaty 's continuing effective implementation .
These challenges to the non-proliferation regime not only jeopardize the credibility , efficacy , and viability of the Treaty ; they have also cast a long shadow of doubt on the future of nuclear disarmament itself .
Deliberations and negotiations both within the NPT regime and in other areas of disarmament have reached a difficult stage , if not a stalemate .
Developing a new set of non-proliferation mechanisms would be a waste time that we can not afford , because any new protocol would have a dubious legal basis and encourage further imbalances in implementation .
Each of these crises calls for urgent action . But as a new Asia Society task force argues , in tackling them the world must not lose sight of the great promise of the India-U.S. relationship .
But these potential gains will be realized only if US President Barack Obama gives India the attention it deserves , and if both countries broaden the strategic stake by involving their private sectors in issues that governments alone can not resolve .
In the long run , a global trade agreement will not be completed without India 's engagement .
But perhaps it is now time for some discreet reflection on the fact that `` the old man will not always be with us . ''
The dramatic dissolution of the Soviet Union stands as a reminder of what can happen to organizations when doubts take hold as to whether they still serve any real interests other than those of their own apparatchiks -- and how suddenly such doubts can grow when they attempt to convert themselves into something they are not .
But NATO 's repeated demonstrations of resilience should not blind us to the fact that it no longer provides a healthy basis for the transatlantic security relationship .
The problem is not institutional relationships between the two organizations , except in the important but narrow case of Turkey and Cyprus , which remain bent on pursuing their bilateral feud without regard to the real risks to the personnel of their allies and partners deployed in Afghanistan and Kosovo .
In the same way , the Europeans will eventually find themselves having to speak with one voice and act as one body in the wider world , if only because a globalized world will not allow them the luxury of doing anything else .
As Charles de Gaulle forecast , `` It is not any European statesman who will unite Europe .
Yet as the example of the Triangle fire suggests , the China 's experience is not unprecedented .
Of course , what worked for the US may not work for China .
Lawsuits are apparently increasingly common , but they are notoriously cumbersome , and judges are not independent from factory bosses .
Edicts and exhortations from the State Council are all well and good . But only effective legal institutions , not Party fiat , will reduce Chinese workers ' risk of death or injury on the job .
Attempting to engage one of the world 's most authoritarian governments will not be easy .
We concluded that the US must ensure that its policies do not inadvertently support or encourage authoritarian and corrupt elements in Burmese society .
The US should engage not only with Burma 's leaders , but also with a wide range of groups inside the country to encourage the dialogue necessary to bring about national reconciliation of the military , democracy groups , and non-Burmese nationalities .
If there is no recourse but to pursue stronger sanctions , the US should coordinate with others , including the European Union and ASEAN , to impose targeted financial and banking measures to ensure that military leaders and their associates can not evade the impact of what otherwise would be less-effective unilateral sanctions .
In every respect , conditions in Burma are among the direst of any country in the world , and it will take decades , if not generations , to reverse current downward trends and create a foundation for a sustainable and viable democratic government and a prosperous society .
It 's not that I am a genius . It 's simply that , having worked at a rape crisis center and been trained in the basics of sex crime , I have learned that all sex predators go about things in certain recognizable ways .
Looking at the classic S and M nature of some of this torture , it is hard not to speculate that someone setting policy was aroused by all of this .
Though we can now debate what the penalty for water-boarding should be , America as a nation , maintaining an odd silence , still can not seem to discuss the sexual crimes involved .
It 's not as if the sex crimes that US leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring Americans in the face : the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women 's underwear ; the documented reports of female US soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners , and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other , to penetrate themselves with objects , or to submit to being penetrated by objects .
As Barack Obama submits to the pressures of a US Department of Defense in which private contractors comprise 65 % of the staffing budget , proposes preventive detention of Guantánamo detainees , and perpetuates the status quo in myriad other ways , her question -- `` So how 's that whole hopey-changey thing workin ' out for ya ? '' -- is not the wrong question .
I hope that the Republican establishment does not succeed in co-opting the Tea Party -- and that the Democratic establishment does not , either .
The Tea Party movement 's adherents are angry -- and , in many respects , justifiably so -- but most of them are not crazy .
Day after day , the talented Palestinian team of animators , puppeteers , designers , cameramen , and producers could not get to work -- even as the Israeli team was churning out their own material in a brightly lit , well-funded studio in Tel Aviv .
The New York producer overseeing the project , a single mother , was reluctant initially to visit Ramallah -- so the Palestinian team 's inability to produce their segments on time was , like so many aspects of the Palestinian experience , hidden behind a barrier of fear , not fully witnessed , and thus not fully comprehended .
In the Sesame Street of Palestine and Israel , the failure of the joint venture was really a success : the Muppets and their creators have given us another valuable lesson , this time in how -- and how not -- to help others .
By slashing the funding for the institutions which created that civilization , Cameron has guaranteed that tomorrow 's Britain will be a nation not of world-class politicians , writers , and cultural innovators , but of wonky technocrats raised on bad TV , with little influence beyond their tiny island .
If what has been cut is not restored , Cameron and his ideological heirs will create a nation of quiescent citizens who , like their US counterparts , are better suited to a society whose official policies are more directly aligned to the will of corporate interests .
But when I traveled in Muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within Muslim homes , I learned that Muslim attitudes toward women 's appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression , but in a strong sense of public versus private , of what is due to God and what is due to one 's husband .
The bridal videos that I was shown , with the sensuous dancing that the bride learns as part of what makes her a wonderful wife , and which she proudly displays for her bridegroom , suggested that sensuality was not alien to Muslim women . Rather , pleasure and sexuality , both male and female , should not be displayed promiscuously -- and possibly destructively -- for all to see .
Indeed , many Muslim women I spoke with did not feel at all subjugated by the chador or the headscarf .
Many women said something like this : `` When I wear Western clothes , men stare at me , objectify me , or I am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines , which are hard to live up to -- and even harder as you get older , not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time .
When I wear my headscarf or chador , people relate to me as an individual , not an object ; I feel respected . ''
This may not be expressed in a traditional Western feminist set of images , but it is a recognizably Western feminist set of feelings .
Yes , some of the warmth I encountered was probably from the novelty of seeing a Westerner so clothed ; but , as I moved about the market -- the curve of my breasts covered , the shape of my legs obscured , my long hair not flying about me -- I felt a novel sense of calm and serenity .
This may explain why both Muslim and orthodox Jewish women not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair , but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the West .
I do not mean to dismiss the many women leaders in the Muslim world who regard veiling as a means of controlling women .
But Westerners should recognize that when a woman in France or Britain chooses a veil , it is not necessarily a sign of her repression .
And , more importantly , when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top -- in a Western culture in which women are not so free to age , to be respected as mothers , workers or spiritual beings , and to disregard Madison Avenue -- it 's worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what female freedom really means .
Are we free not to be radiated or groped ?
We are not .
In fact , America 's bizarre new policy is likely to remain unique among airports in the industrialized countries , if not the entire world .
That is not exactly true .
Years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for American children to understand that their bodies are their own , that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable , and that they can expect to be protected from such violation .
It is impossible to forget the many strange sexual twists of Bush administration policies , from forced nudity of prisoners -- which post-Abu Ghraib records show was systemic , not an aberration -- to the sexual threats and sexual assaults against such prisoners , the sexualized hazing rituals and accounts of rape practiced with impunity by contractors , and so on .
I am not suggesting that sexually degrading practices are a conscious part of the TSA 's new policy .
It is not too extreme to put this into context : billions of dollars in profit now depend on insiders like Chertoff maintaining US society in a state of overhyped alert that demands increasingly costly technology .
The convention of not naming rape accusers is a relic of the Victorian period , when rape and other sex crimes were being codified and reported in ways that prefigure our own era .
Virginia Woolf called the ideal of womanhood in this period `` The Angel in the House '' : a retiring , fragile creature who could not withstand the rigors of the public arena .
For example , women could not fully participate under their own names in legal proceedings .
Nonetheless , even after women gained legal rights -- and even as other assumptions about women have gone the way of smelling salts and whalebone stays -- the condescending Victorian convention of not identifying women who make sex-crime charges remains with us .
That convention not only is an insult to women , but also makes rape prosecutions far more difficult .
Overwhelmingly , anonymity serves institutions that do not want to prosecute rapists or sexual harassers .
Maintaining anonymous charges enables the military authorities to avoid keeping comprehensive records , which in turn allows officials to evade responsibility for transparent reporting of assaults and of prosecutions -- and thus not to prosecute sex crime in any serious , systematic way .
When victims are not kept hidden , it becomes much clearer that rape can happen to anyone -- grandmothers and students , homemakers and prostitutes .
Though children 's identities should , of course , be shielded in sex-crime allegations , women are not children .
But preventing an accuser 's sexual history from entering into an investigation or prosecution is not the same as providing anonymity .
Likewise , in an age when corporate lobbyists have a free hand in shaping -- if not drafting -- public policies , many people believe , again rightly , that their elected officials no longer represent them . Hence their impulse to believe in unseen forces .
In a time of official lies , healthy investigative energy should shed light , not just generate heat .
She did not stay in the air-conditioned hotels and the parliamentary chambers of the nations she visited ; she went to tiny impoverished villages , to places where women walk four miles a day for water , to places where women were basing their families ' prosperity on a $ 20 loan for a sewing machine .
In that view of the world , America does not stand alone against all others , issuing fiats and focusing narrowly on corporate profits .
By contrast , when identity is presented as being a stark choice , people often do not choose the identity of the host country that is being so inflexible .
That has not changed since the 9\/11 terrorist attacks , despite rising hostility toward US Muslims among native-born Americans , based the assumption that they could not assimilate -LRB- a charge often directed in the past at Jews in various countries -RRB- .
Turkish Gastarbeiter are still , two generations later , not seen as fully German .
It is for this reason that Americans are not alarmed by visible symbols of different religions in public settings .
A Muslim girl who wears a headscarf in a public school is simply wearing a headscarf , not provocatively challenging a hegemonic social order .
But it is not enough .
They could not guarantee our souls .
Today , there are 20,000 soldiers -- not accountable to the people , but only to the executive -- on our streets .
But education simply does not deliver economic growth the way our politicians -- and businessmen -- believe : more education in does not mean more growth out .
A modern society does need educated people : not just engineers , chemists , and doctors , but millions of people who can write coherent letters , fill in complicated forms , explain insurance policies , and interpret statistical data from machines on factory floors .
But it is not only among developing countries that links between education and growth prove elusive .
Switzerland has been one of the richest countries in the world for a century -- and not because of its natural resources .
In sharp contrast to the Soviet Union , Russia now publishes voluminous -LRB- if not always reliable -RRB- economic , social , and demographic information .
Moreover , a key question about the `` good news '' is how much of it should properly be attributed to the windfall of higher oil and natural gas prices -LRB- hence , to factors not under Russia 's control -RRB- , rather than to improved economic policies and reform .
Our world is not only unbalanced , but endangered .
On current trends , the millennium targets for the environment will not be met .
If that growth is not achieved in an environmentally sustainable way , its effects on poverty and human well-being will be disastrous .
They are not just the future , but also the present .
This is not just another meeting , it is a gathering of a group that is most at risk , and one that is key to meeting the world 's development challenges .
There are 121 million children of primary school age who are not in school , and more than half of these are girls - most of whom will never learn to read or write .
But most do not have access to it .
In small towns in Asia , youth enjoy Internet access and the world is at their fingertips . Yet visa regimes will not allow them to travel very far .
Traffic congestion , in particular , is not only environmentally detrimental ; it also imposes substantial time and resource costs on drivers .
If the US does not act soon , American cities will lag behind not only European capitals , but also developing country cities such as Bogota -LRB- Colombia -RRB- and Curitiba -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , which are already implementing innovative environmentally friendly solutions .
But these `` Rentiers '' have not been able to translate the rents of their natural resource wealth into sustained economic growth .
The true development needs of Laggard countries and other parts of the world are not being met , despite the rhetoric of scaling up aid .
Finally , while the Globalizers have lifted millions of people out of poverty and reduced global inequality , this has not resulted in a more equal world , because star economies like India and China are experiencing a rise in domestic inequity .
Those who did not were expected to fend mostly for themselves .
The LDP , formed in 1955 , had not done much actual ruling after helping to coordinate postwar reconstruction , which extended without debate into an unofficial but very real national policy of , in principle , unlimited expansion of industrial capacity .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Kan has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership .
As Hatoyama could not keep his promise to safeguard the interests of the Okinawan people , he followed up with a customary resignation .
Being considerate , they do not burden each other by building themselves up as heroes in their own personal tragedies .
Deflation should not be hard to check , with sound policy .
Some economists argue that once deflation sets in , central banks are powerless because nominal interest rates can not be pushed below zero .
In a deflationary environment , this means that real interest rates - that are all that matter for economic stimulus - can not be pushed as low as might be necessary to boost demand and stem downward pressure on prices .
This misbegotten strategy culminated in the Bank 's decision in August 2000 to abandon the zero interest-rate policy at the first signs of economic recovery , effectively declaring that it would not use monetary policy to bring about negative real rates after expectations of inflation returned .
Such a commitment would create definite inflation expectations -LRB- albeit not of continuing inflation -RRB- .
Alan Greenspan 's recent speech to a conference of bankers in Berlin -- admitting the desirability of `` insurance '' against the risk of deflation in the US , even if it has not yet appeared -- focused attention on a crucial issue .
What can be done to stabilize an economy when nominal interest rates can not be lowered any further , but prices still fall and the output gap -- the difference between what it can produce and what it actually does produce -- remains wide ?
Is there any point in having an inflation target that can not be met ?
This is true even when current rates can not be lowered any further -- and even if inflation expectations remain unaffected -- owing to the effects of the expected future path of short rates on current long-term interest rates and on the exchange rate .
The fact that an official price_level target is not hit immediately need not impugn such targets .
The existence of an official target is crucial , even when it is not being reached , because it allows the private sector to judge how close the central bank is to a point at which it would feel justified in abandoning its zero_interest_rate policy .
The stabilizing effect of such asset purchases is due not to any mechanical consequence of the shift in portfolio balances , but to a change in private_sector expectations regarding future interest_rate policy .
Because changes in carbon dioxide emissions , unlike pollutants such as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide , can not be easily detected , and because of the multi-century persistence of CO2 in the atmosphere , the problem of reducing its level in the atmosphere is much harder to solve than are other environmental problems .
These startling figures do not include economic crimes outside the public sector .
Transparency International 's Corruption Perception Index , the most widely-used benchmark to gauge businessmen 's and experts ' beliefs about the extent of corruption in various countries , ranked China 78th out of 158 countries in 2005 -- not much improvement from 2000 .
While the economic toll of graft can not be precisely quantified , indirect evidence suggests that the costs are significant .
Similarly , the spread of microfinance lending has made capital available to borrowers who until recently were not seen as creditworthy .
Standard & Poor 's analyst Juan Pablo de Mollein points out that Mexico does not have a liquid secondary market where mortgage securities can be traded to buyers who are far removed from the original issuer .
Under certain circumstances , dogs understand that a human who can not see them -LRB- because , for example , she is blindfolded -RRB- is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured .
This does not mean that we should not chastise our dogs -LRB- or praise them -RRB- .
Nor does it mean that we should not love our dogs -- or sometimes be frustrated by them .
All it means is that , if we want to live harmoniously with another species in our most intimate places , we must recognize that some of the time our preferred modes of reasoning are not theirs .
The EU 's reluctant number two country has served unofficial notice that it , too , does not plan to abide by its deficit-reduction promises . This comes one year after tiny Ireland received an official warning about its fiscal policies , even though Ireland 's budget was in surplus , and mightily so .
Finance Minister Hans Eichel decided , reasonably , not to worsen conditions by adopting a contractionary fiscal policy .
In a country with crushing rates of taxation , this is not only smart politics , but it is also good economics , provided spending is cut .
Thus France can not meet the Pact 's deficit target .
Economists and cynics are not surprised .
Like promising to go on a diet just before a big party , this challenge is not easily met .
The Stability Pact is too crude and technocratic : a 3 % deficit target enforced by Brussels bureaucrats can not bind real-life politicians .
Fortunately , we need not look far .
Decisions on such issues can not be delegated ; they must remain in the hands of elected governments and be subject to parliamentary approval and oversight .
That task does not differ from monetary policy and can be delegated to an independent body .
It is amazing because France is not just a founding member of the European Community , but also has been the main driving force behind all major steps toward `` ever closer union . ''
The French regard with great sadness their declining status and prestige -- not only in world politics , but also in culture , science and , importantly , language .
This is not new , but it has only recently started to sink in , and it hurts .
The French do not care that they have never been able to articulate their vision of a `` third way , '' for they remain deeply convinced that the state has a key role to play in steering markets in order to defend `` higher '' values from the single-minded pursuit of materialism .
This view , propagated since World War II by a quasi-Marxist intelligentsia , is so ingrained that the French do not even bother to understand how markets operate .
The bloated French public sector , which many see as the employer of last resort , can not afford its expensive personnel .
Of course , most French people would ultimately benefit from doing away with this inefficient web of big and small privileges , but most voters , depressed by poor economic prospects and unnerved by high unemployment , are simply unwilling to take the risk . They do not understand the roots of their economic troubles and are nostalgic for better times .
The Nordic countries are high-tech leaders ; Spain has slashed its unemployment rate by half -LRB- it stood at 25 % not so long ago -RRB- ; and the new members from Central and Eastern Europe are cruising briskly along a steady catch-up path .
But even they have carried out some reforms -- not enough and too recently to make a difference yet ; nonetheless , they have started to move .
In large countries , the fear of being on the losing side is not outweighed by people 's appreciation that the country as a whole will do better .
But rapid change is always unnerving , and not everyone has emerged better off .
The private sector has been entirely rebuilt and is vibrant , but it can not remain competitive if fiscal demands are not reduced -- a familiar problem in Europe as a whole .
The plan , yet to be fully articulated , is to make them accountable to all workers , not just to their membership -- another way of promoting democratic legitimacy , but this time at the heart of the social system .
But Sarkozy is not quite turning France , long a country hostile to supply-side reform , into what many would consider a normal economy .
Boosting competitiveness through exchange-rate depreciation may not succeed in raising exports in a situation where world trade is rapidly contracting , but it can cushion the blow by switching demand toward domestically produced goods and services .
The Swiss franc is not the only currency that has appreciated in recent months .
These countries , too , are facing a recession , and , while the interest rate has not yet reached its zero bound everywhere , incentives to depreciate might grow in the near future .
Of course , statements and intentions may not be identical .
It may be that the SNB merely acknowledges what other central banks do not .
In doing so , however , the SNB is violating a taboo : `` Thou shall not engage in competitive depreciations . ''
In that case , the franc will not move much more , in any direction , and there will be no need for further interventions .
Other central banks have not expressed any view , which may suggest that they do not intend to retaliate , at least at this stage .
But it is also prompting profound social changes that are rooted in a rising rights consciousness within society , something strengthened -- and amplified -- not only by the growth of the economy , but by the rapid spread of the internet .
For example , when covering a natural disaster , a major industrial accident , or an urgent public health issue , journalists in the traditional media are not allowed to investigate and report without official sanction .
Mainly through bulletin boards , email mailing list services and an emerging `` Web log '' community , the internet has begun to provide an alternative public sphere that did not exist in China a few years ago .
However , within these boundaries , internet-enabled activism , such as online petitions , have not only expanded the boundaries of traditional media reporting , but presaged some interesting new political consequences as well .
But since climate change is a more far-reaching and serious challenge , the world must not waver in its determination and commitment to addressing it .
How can an enterprise being restructured , say , find a way to issue securities for financing if it can not meet conventional standards such as profitability and net asset value , as required by the Company Law and the Securities Law ?
And the sphere of concern for any humane ruler should be the whole world , not just the people of one state .
Rulers who rely mostly on military or economic might divorced from morality , he argued , can not achieve long-term success on the international stage .
Although China is building Confucius Institutes across the globe , China 's traditional political philosophy does not often play decisive role in policymaking .
China 's policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign-policy circles in the near future .
At a press conference this month , he said that economic reform can not succeed without political reform , and that corruption currently poses the gravest danger to China .
But what can not yet be seen is how Palestinians will view Hamas .
Hamas apparently did not envision a full-scale confrontation with Israel when it refused to renew a six-month truce .
However , with Sheikh Jaber al-Sabah 's death , the succession was not only subjected to feverish public debate , but the Kuwaiti press and Parliament were key actors in determining the outcome .
The consequences of this assertion of parliamentary authority will be enormous . Parliamentary ratification did not simply provide a rubber stamp to a palace coup ; its approval was conditional .
Although most do not support Pakistan 's Pervez Musharraf , Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak , or the al-Saud family , they see hypocrisy in Western criticism of these leaders that is designed to manipulate and marginalize -- after all , the West does not really want to push these regimes too far .
Islamic radicalization and terror need not continue to flourish in the West .
The basic texts remain the same , but their interpretation , and the application of religion in people 's lives , has not .
Embittered , fanatical , vengeful : those who rebel against the status quo enter the wider world seeking retaliation , not just against the regimes that deformed them , but against the West , which propped up the region 's authoritarians in the interest of `` stability . ''
As people at last began to hope for more liberal and decent societies , the US continued to endorse the regimes that were repressing them . America simply could not adhere to its own democracy-promotion script .
But until the West stops regarding dead babies as political props , we can not understand how the Muslim world perceives all that has happened since September 11 , 2001 .
A new policy is needed not only in order to halt America 's drift into impotence as it tries to prevent Iraq from spiraling into full-scale civil war , but also because the map of power in the Middle East has changed dramatically .
This regional realignment is typified by the emergence of a de facto alliance that dare not speak its name .
Iran not only threatens Israel -LRB- and the region -RRB- with its desire for a nuclear capability and its Shi'a proxy militants ; it is also seeking to usurp the traditional role of moderate Sunni Arab regimes as the Palestinians ' defenders .
Indeed , Israel now sees its security as relying not so much on a US guarantee , but on Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and Turkey -LRB- which is seeking regional influence in fear of rejection by the European Union -RRB- restraining Iran and its paid proxies .
So Saudi Arabia is ready to cooperate with Israel not only against Iran , but also against other `` radicals , '' such as Hamas .
Remarkably , Palestine 's Hamas prime minister , Ismael Haniyeh , was not received in Saudi Arabia in December , when he was traveling through the region pleading for support for his beleaguered government .
Yet as `` Battle of Baghdad '' begins , factors beyond Bush 's control and not of his making -LRB- at least not intentionally -RRB- may just save Iraq from its doom .
These Sunni leaders live in abject fear of the geopolitical earthquake that any disintegration of political authority in Baghdad would bring , believing that all-out civil war would invariably follow -- a war that would not respect international borders .
The Israel-Hezbollah war of 2006 reminded the Union , once again , that its strategic interests do not always coincide perfectly with those of the United States .
Attempting to politically isolate and disarm Hezbollah is a task that the EU-led UN force can not accomplish and should not attempt , for it would mean war , with Syria and Iran in the background .
So a neat Shia-Sunni dividing line can not be drawn .
But healing Lebanon 's wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most , and not what outsiders think they should want or need .
For the key audience for this meeting of Muslim king and Roman Catholic Pontiff was not their followers , but another conservative leader , President George W. Bush .
The two men met , seemingly as equals , not to express the common values of conservatism , but to confirm and promote their authority to uphold traditional values .
But Bush , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned his back on conservatism . He sought to radically reinvent the Middle East , not only by overthrowing the Taliban regime in Afghanistan and Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq , but also through his strident calls for democratization .
Abdullah , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all .
The problem is that Abdullah can not rely on his domestic conservative allies to give him the time that the Kingdom needs .
A nuclear-armed Iran on its doorstep is certainly not in Russia 's national interest , particularly given the increasing radicalization of Russia 's own 20 million Muslim citizens -- the only part of its population that is actually growing .
The timing and location of the clashes may have serious repercussions for domestic security , if not for the regime itself .
The threat that this would represent is not abstract : the Kingdom 's borders are very porous .
So far , King Abdullah has shown no sign of opting for a policy of inclusion -- not even a token gesture , such as a Shia minister .
Until the beginning of this year , they have not formed significant or open opposition movements , owing to a historically well-entrenched fear of repression .
Khomeini challenged the very concept of monarchy in Islam by declaring that `` those with authority '' are not Kings but religious scholars .
One-third of the Guantánamo detainees are Yemeni , but Yemen can not guarantee the United States that the detainees will be controlled effectively if they are returned home .
Building fences and sending helicopters to police the borders will not be sufficient , and the idea that jihadis can be rehabilitated is a myth .
This should not be impossible , because both Saudi Arabia and Yemen have moderate , indigenous Islamic traditions that can be mobilized against jihadism .
But if Yemen 's masses are not to become more radicalized , they will need to be incorporated into an economic zone that offers hope for the future .
Yemen is strategically important , not only for Saudi Arabia , but for the world , because it is the only country on the Arabian Peninsula from which oil can reach the open seas without passing through a narrow strait -- either the Strait of Hormuz or the Suez Canal .
Next door , Afghanistan 's president similarly decided not to leave his re-election bid to chance -- or to the Afghan people .
These are but the latest signs that , more often than not , the Middle East 's recent democratic experiments have only increased instability .
As we saw in Lebanon and Iraq in 2009 , others probably could not .
Managing social and political inclusion is not difficult for states blessed with an advantageous position along one of the world 's major trade routes , traditions of cosmopolitanism and commerce , massive oil wealth , and small national populations .
Two other external powers , Russia and China , have established a strategic presence in the region , but their pursuit of their interests , which are chiefly economic , is not destabilizing and has nothing to do with democracy promotion .
Oil is not a reliable deterrent to democracy in the long term , owing to price volatility and the development of alternative energy sources .
But the push to democratization is connected not only to oil , Islam , and US policies ; demographic forces and the technologies of globalization are creating pressures for change as well .
Al Qaeda is not the primary danger to Yemen 's security and stability , but Yemen 's geography and political problems are well suited to its activities .
The West and Saleh do not have the same enemy .
The US should not be surprised by any of these developments because American involvement in Yemen is not new .
Fighting Al Qaeda in Yemen through such means may temporarily reduce terrorism , but it will not end it .
But if it looks beyond terrorism to the root causes of the problem , and presses Saleh to begin to share power , Yemen need not become another safe haven for terrorists .
Mecca has , indeed , become a potent venue for political summitry and a tool for mediation if not media manipulation .
The Taliban could not spurn an invitation to negotiate in Mecca .
Perhaps more remarkably , in a country containing more than 12 million guns , the protesters have not fired a shot .
Democracy does not coexist with al-Qaeda .
The reality is that the US has known for weeks that it can not save Saleh 's regime .
Its concern for Saleh 's political survival is closely linked to its guardianship of the Saudi regime , which fears that ferment in Yemen could give Saudi Arabia 's own Shia , Zaidi , and Ismaili populations dangerous ideas about democratic reform , if not threaten the very existence of the Saudi state .
Finally , the US now appears to have concluded that Saleh 's regime can not be revived .
Those revolutions , whatever their ultimate outcome , have exposed the philosophy and behavior of Bin Laden and his followers as not only illegitimate and inhumane , but actually inept at achieving better conditions for ordinary Muslims .
After all , the protesters of the Arab Spring did not need to use -- and abuse -- Islam to achieve their ends .
They did not wait for God to change their condition , but took the initiative by peacefully confronting their oppressors .
So the real battle has not been with Bin Laden , but with that Saudi state-supported ideology factory .
Al Qaeda and democracy can not coexist .
Skyscrapers rise out of the desert , yet women are not permitted to ride with men in their lifts .
Yet globalization knows no limits , not even those set by the guardians of Islamic probity .
Many women remain secretly glued to satellite television channels , watching their peers in the public squares of Egypt or Yemen , beyond their reach but not beyond their imagination .
Indeed , not only do judges ' decisions support the system , but the reverse is also true : patriarchy has become the driving force of the law .
The US government does not need to be convinced about that , but the American people -- and ordinary Iraqis -- want to see the troops go home .
The Shia , considered apostates by the Kingdom 's Wahhabi establishment , are viewed as a threat to the Saudi state 's legitimacy and existence , not only because of Iran 's power , but also because of the Kingdom 's large , indigenous Shia population , which is concentrated around the country 's oil fields .
Saudi Arabia , fearing that any role for Iraq in determining regional security would diminish Saudi political and military dominance among the Gulf countries , has still not opened an embassy in Baghdad .
No other country allied to the US , not even Turkey , could equal Iranian influence in the country .
LONDON -- Saudi Arabia may not have been directly implicated in the conspiracy that killed more than 3,000 people on September 11 , 2001 , but it has been consumed in a conspiracy of silence ever since .
But the Bush administration chose to ignore and bury the evidence of any state involvement . The long-term bilateral relationship , based on the Kingdom 's custodianship of the holy oil fields , was not to be disrupted .
True democracy , of course , can not coexist with Al Qaeda ; but it also can not coexist with an obscurantist monarchy enthralled to a fundamentalist ideology .
Ten years after the 9\/11 attacks , Al Qaeda has been marginalized , but not by Saudi Arabia , which nurtured the terrorists , or by the US , which waged wars against Bin Laden and his acolytes .
But vast bloodlines have not prevented hardening of the arteries .
Although the Hijazis , who are Sunnis but not Wahhabis , are not viewed as heretics , they are marginalized because the Islam they practice has Sufi leanings -- and tolerant Sufiism is anathema to the austerely dogmatic Wahhabis .
Their leaders want to rescue the state , not raze it .
They form the vast majority of people in Saudi Arabia , and have not yet embraced the uncompromising rage of Osama bin Laden 's clones .
Unless they begin to do so , these peoples will drift into the camp of the fanatics -- if not as active terrorists than as passive supporters , much as the Catholic community in Northern Ireland passively embraced IRA terrorism as a way to end their exclusion from political life in the province .
The problem for the regime is that the springs that nourish fanaticism will not be dammed by such exemplary punishment .
But here , restrictions are not based entirely on age , but on family bloodlines .
The identity of the new king is clear , but who will really wield power is not .
In spite of this , Abdullah may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naif 's forces .
Now that King Fahad is gone , old scores among his numerous brothers and half brothers , not to mention the thousands of princes in the next generation , will need to be settled .
But do n't look for hope in the new generation , which is not necessarily young or progressive .
Indeed , the Al Saud clan 's third and fourth generations are divided not only in political and religious affiliation , but also range in age from 20 to 90 years old .
The question for the world now is not whether the North Korean regime will launch its missile , but what happens afterward .
Above all , the ongoing six-party talks -LRB- China , the US , Japan , Russia , South Korea , and North Korea -RRB- that have sought to bring North Korea 's nuclear program to an end must not become a casualty of the missile launch .
First , although governments are justified in criticizing North Korea for its foolhardy , counterproductive , and self-destructive behavior over many years , including numerous inhuman acts perpetrated against its own people and others , North Korea is not solely to blame for its `` missile tantrum . ''
But cold realities do not necessarily have to turn into hot combat .
Even to contemplate such a possibility is proof of diplomatic failure , not a triumph of real leadership .
To break this sterile cycle , what is needed now is not more hot rhetoric about North Korea 's missiles , but a commitment to steady , patient diplomacy that transcends changes in the political cycle .
The North Korean bomb , estimated at four kilotons , does not come anywhere near the magnitude of the atomic bombs of 15-21 kilotons that America dropped on Japan 64 years ago .
Yet North Korea 's world-defying belligerency is not utter madness .
But , to make the new resolution effective , China 's full and unwavering participation -- which has not yet been the case -- is critical .
In this eyeball-to-eyeball situation , the other five parties in the talks -- China , Japan , Russia , the United States , and South Korea -- must not give in first to North Korea .
At the same time , the nuclear threat is not the most immediate danger .
The two current leaders in Korea must not repeat the mistake of their predecessors in the latter part of the nineteenth century .
The Yukos imbroglio will not bring Russia 's economy to a screeching halt , because no single company determines the country 's fate .
`` Operation Clean Hands '' -- what some are calling the investigations into Khodorkovsky and his associates -- will not increase tax revenue , but only spur growth in the informal economy , as businessmen try to conceal their affairs even more completely from the government .
That caricature , if ever true , is certainly not true today : the business community 's negative reaction to the persecution of Khodorkovsky by the law enforcement agencies has been strong and nearly unanimous .
But if the president will not publicly account for the fidelity of Russia 's law enforcement agencies to law , who will ?
So the president 's position is clear and he will not back down .
Yet the crisis will be severe , not only because prices for the major Russian export commodities -- oil , gas , and metal -- have plummeted , but also because the government , which believed in its boundless force and wisdom , now seems inadequate to the challenges that Russia faces .
They will not last for long while being spent -- mostly in defense of the ruble -- at the current pace .
What does not bring in money -- roads , schools , hospitals , and kindergartens -- will suffer .
Moreover , most Russians do not object strenuously to wage cuts , reductions in working hours , and unpaid leaves .
Do n't worry , Russia 's oligarchs are not starving , but the fortunes of many of them have collapsed .
While experts are not sure whether Deripaska will repay the loan , the Kremlin and the oligarchs have their own ways of settling debts .
Of course , Vladimir Putin had already put in place a treaty between Russia 's government and the country 's richest men , who agreed not to comment on the actions of the state in exchange for the freedom to earn as much money as possible in any way they wanted .
And if a well-placed official wanted to enter into a successful business , refusals were not accepted .
I remember the late 1980 's not only for its hopes for freedom , but also for a total absence of baby food for my newborn daughter .
They will even produce proof in the form of an unemployment rate that does not rise , unprecedented increases in pensions , and strong growth in construction and metal-working .
But it is not yet certain whether the engine of the global economy will be able to run without additional liquidity , possibly undermining fiscal stability worldwide .
The Jews ' return to Israel was not colonialism , as the Arabs thought .
The Jews did not come to exploit Palestine 's resources or subjugate its residents in order to transfer the economic benefits elsewhere .
Hamas spokesmen speak not of `` Israelis '' but of `` Zionists , '' as does Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad .
In Israel , too , there are people , though not many , who call themselves `` post-Zionist '' or `` non-Zionist . ''
But the sole practical expression of Zionism nowadays is the Law of Return , which is not a racist law but a moral law .
When the world 's nations decided in favor of the creation of an independent Jewish state , they did not designate it only for the 600,000 Jews then living there .
Reaching this uneasy state has not been easy .
To be sure , if this new truce is merely technical , if efforts are not made to stabilize and consolidate it , it could become just one another in a long string of bitter episodes .
Palestinian workers , who go back home every night , do not become alienated from their normal life .
In a state of war , people get used to the status quo and can not imagine anything else .
So this truce must be seen not as a piece of paper with some legal significance , but as a young plant that needs to be tended to , watered , nursed , and protected , so that it grows into a strong and robust tree that can not be uprooted with an occasional Qassam rocket or a stray grenade .
I do not believe that corruption is coming to light just because law enforcement is somehow better , or because citizens , like the presidential staff who accused President Katsav of sexual crimes and harassment , are more courageous .
The boundaries between the two types of legalities could not remain impenetrable forever .
In these conditions , a strong judicial system and police force do not always suffice to contain corruption .
Neighbors TEL AVIV -- During the military operations in Gaza , code-named `` Fused Lead '' -LRB- after a Hanukkah song about a small spinning top -- one of that holiday 's symbols -- made out of fused lead -RRB- , we Israelis have been reminded of a fundamental fact : Gaza is not Vietnam , Iraq , Afghanistan , or even Lebanon .
We Israelis have no power to extirpate the Hamas government from Gaza , much as we did not have the power to eliminate the Palestine Liberation Organization -LRB- PLO -RRB- as the voice of the Palestinian people 's national aspirations , or Hezbollah from Lebanon in the war of 2006 .
We Israelis must begin to realize this simple fact : the Arabs are not metaphysical creatures , but human beings , and human beings have it within themselves to change .
But at least we will know that we are not fighting for an impossible objective that can only result in blood and devastation -- blood and devastation that will weigh on the collective memories of the sons and grandsons of our neighbors , who will remain our enemies , even if the spinning top continues to turn .
That is the kind of friend I want at my side , not one who automatically approves of whatever I do , declares his love for me , and accepts me as I am .
Following the Six-Day War , Israel did not consider the conquered lands as something to be traded for peace , and thus induce the Arab world and the Palestinians to recognize its legitimacy and ensure the demilitarization of Palestinian territories after their restitution .
The settlers , predominantly supporters of religious-nationalist movements and parties , often flaunt an attitude of superiority in their relations with Israeli authorities , pretending to have a special status with respect not only to Palestinians , but also to other Israeli citizens .
Barack Obama , a wise and courageous leader , is -- I have no doubt about it -- not merely interested in improving America 's image in the eyes of the Muslim world .
With such a clear and direct appeal to the Israeli government , America 's president not only expresses what a majority of Israelis know .
Netanyahu 's Useless Demand HAIFA -- Ever since the Six Day War of June 1967 , a small number of Israelis , not all on the left , supported the idea of two states as a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
A demand of this kind was not made of Egypt or Jordan when Israel signed peace agreements with those countries , and it constitutes an entirely useless obstacle on the road to peace with the Palestinians .
On our part , we also will be recognizing not so much the Palestinian people , which one day may merge with the people of Jordan , as an independent and sovereign Palestinian state within the 1967 borders .
But relations between Israel 's Jewish majority and Arab minority is an internal , delicate question in which it is not wise to involve Palestinians outside of Israel .
HAIFA -- Contrary to the hopes of many , the end of the Second World War and the shock of the Nazi atrocities did not mean the end of war and genocide .
The difference lies not only in the mind-boggling number of victims and the ferocity with which it was perpetuated , but also in the absence of the usual motives found in other massacres and genocides .
The Nazis did not kill the Jews because they wanted their territory -- the Jews had none ; or because the Jews were followers of a rival religious faith -- the Nazis and their henchmen were atheists and enemies of all religion .
It is a hatred that did not disappear with Nazism , and that one can still , 65 years after the liberation of Auschwitz , glimpse in terrifying manifestations .
The world must therefore be alert , so that this hatred does not reawaken and direct itself against Jews or other peoples .
Iran is not Nazi Germany .
Modern Israel is also not like the weak Jewish communities dispersed throughout Europe in the past .
The sanctions directed by the international community against Iran are not guaranteed to convince its leaders to desist from developing nuclear weapons .
But , despite deep popular sympathy , not a few Israelis -- on both the left and the right -- opposed the exchange of one soldier for a thousand or more Palestinian prisoners , some of whom perpetrated terrorist attacks that killed dozens of people .
Unlike the first group , they would be ready to accept the release of one Palestinian prisoner -- even if he were responsible for the most brutal terrorist attack -- but not a thousand of them .
But many of the released prisoners will be transferred to the Gaza Strip , a territory that is completely separate from Israel , where they might join Hamas 's militant forces but will not be able to execute terrorist attacks against Israel .
Likewise , other prisoners will be expelled to the West Bank , and will not come into contact with the Israeli population , neither in the settlements nor in Israel .
Indeed , those remaining in the West Bank will be under the supervision not only of Israeli security forces -- who know everything they need to know -- but also of the Palestinian Authority . In recent years , the Palestinian Authority has effectively prevented acts of terrorism and violence against Israelis , with the aim of stabilizing the situation in the West Bank in order to prepare for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state .
Judging from the recent evolution of Ecuadorian bond yields , it appears that markets have not punished Ecuador 's behavior : Ecuador , an oil exporter blessed by the 2009 recovery in oil prices , could have returned to the capital markets shortly after the exchange .
Indeed , almost two years of default threats by Correa were not enough to elicit a deep discount .
Small purchases at current panic prices , vulture-fund style , are always possible , but they do not promise substantial debt relief .
And the opaque Ecuadorian methods are not possible in Europe , both for legal reasons and because a transaction of this size could hardly be disguised or outsourced .
Without Ecuador 's gimmicks , buybacks do not seem to be the solution to Greece 's debt overhang .
We also know that the impact of climate change will not be evenly distributed across the globe .
In some areas , modestly warmer temperatures could produce higher crop yields if associated changes in precipitation patterns are not adverse and\/or irrigation remains viable .
But we found that mitigation alone did not meet a standard cost-benefit test .
Kim Jong-il , however , has not yet even chosen his successor .
The debate about how to respond is complicated by the fact that the Cheonan 's sinking does not seem to be a stand-alone event , but was , instead , part of a change in North Korea 's general pattern of behavior .
But when the North Korean regime realized that smile diplomacy did not get it whatever it was they wanted , the country 's rulers shifted back to hostility .
Without a strong and internationally coordinated response to the sinking of the Cheonan , such reckless provocations are not only likely to continue , but may become more frequent .
But this is merely addresses the symptom , not the disease .
One cause for the delay could be a schism within the ruling elite , a group that `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il himself can not control as effectively as before .
To be sure , North Korea 's regime is not the only obstacle to international engagement .
We need not assume that these goals can not be pursued simultaneously .
The past two decades have shown that `` politically correct '' decisions do not produce the `` right '' results , even in the long run .
We still do not know the nature of the era ahead of us ; we can only be certain that the global economy is in the middle of a major transition , and that the old ways will not work anymore .
These two issues may or may not be on the table for further discussion in Seoul .
If not , protectionism and trade wars will intensify , and we will come one step closer to reliving the nightmare of the 1930 's .
Because , as Immanuel Kant noted long ago , states with democratic political systems tend not to fight with each other , democracy should be encouraged in order to secure peace .
For Japan 's neighbors , the International Atomic Energy Agency is not enough ; their urgent worries are creating pressure to establish a regional mechanism .
But , given China 's rising power , such a regional structure is becoming all the more necessary if today 's lack of trust is not to devolve into military antagonism .
Unfortunately , however , the leaders of China , South Korea , and Japan have not yet made any major breakthrough on the most sensitive security issues that divide them .
But this lack of quick success does not mean that these efforts are futile .
The problem is that the anti-Syrian coalition , known as `` March 14 , '' is not yet united around a single presidential candidate .
The US has made it clear that it will not accept a president close to Hezbollah or Syria .
While America will not bargain with Syria over the election , it would probably accept a candidate with whom Syria feels comfortable , provided he is acceptable across the political spectrum .
But , as the Saudis also want Syria to be included in King Abdullah 's regional peace plan , and with the US planning to hold a regional peace conference in November , they are not looking for an open-ended confrontation with Assad .
With an investment rate of 50 % and a GDP growth rate of 8 % , the incremental capital-output ratio could be higher than six , compared to 4.1 in 1991-2003 , implying not only low efficiency , but also the possibility of a significant increase in nonperforming loans .
Unlike the US , China did not suffer from a liquidity shortage and a credit crunch during the global financial crisis .
The government 's goal should be to succeed not only in reviving the economy , but also in reversing the deterioration of China 's structural problems , thereby laying a solid foundation for economic growth in the future .
The great irony of the financial crisis is that the situation has become worse , not better .
The bulk of China 's $ 2.3 trillion in foreign reserves are held not for the purpose of protection against negative external shocks , but as savings in the form of US Treasury notes .
But the US can not improve its trade balance unless the dollar falls .
China is like the shareholders of a company that has increased the supply of its shares in a stealthy way : the share price may not have fallen yet , but it will .
Unless the Fed successfully implements an exit strategy from monetary expansion , which is doubtful , China will not be able to recover its losses .
Of course , China should not rule out the possibility of adjusting the composition of its foreign-exchange reserves to mimic the composition of the SDR .
Finally , if the US government can not safeguard the value its securities , it should compensate China in one way or another .
It is hard to argue that the RMB is not undervalued , given China 's large and persistent current-account and capital-account surpluses .
The dilemma that officials face is that the impact of a fall in exports as a result of RMB appreciation will be felt acutely and immediately , whereas the large welfare losses due to the evaporation of the value of China 's foreign-exchange reserves will be borne by society as a whole -- but not immediately .
But RMB appreciation is not the preferred instrument for achieving this goal .
At the same time , the effect of currency appreciation on the trade balance should not be exaggerated .
Probably not .
America should not pin too much hope on a weakening dollar to correct its trade imbalances .
For the US , the fundamental cause of imbalances is not a strong dollar , but America 's over-consumption and over-borrowing .
But if the US fails to narrow its savings gap , its current-account deficit will not disappear , regardless of where the dollar goes .
With China 's trade-to-GDP ratio and exports-to-GDP ratio already exceeding 60 % and 30 % , respectively , the economy can not continue to depend on external demand to sustain growth .
There are two contradictory forces that could keep inflation significantly above its 2 % target not only this year and next year , but even in 2013 .
The dilemma is that any depreciation of sterling increases the level of imported inflation that is not offset by spare capacity in the economy .
In other words , the United Kingdom has spare capacity -- output fell by 6.4 % during the recession and has not fully recovered -- but not enough of it . Thus , inflation has been above the BOE 's target throughout the recovery from the financial crisis of 2008 .
In other words , demand for imports and exports is not very price-elastic , and there is only limited scope for substituting domestically produced alternatives .
With the economy growing by only 1.5 % last year and unemployment at 7.8 % -LRB- not far off a 17-year high -RRB- , there should be idle factors of production ready to be put to work .
Moreover , with a quarter of the economy contracting -LRB- or stagnating when weather effects are discounted -RRB- , it is not hard to see why the MPC 's members can not agree .
Poverty is not just ` their ' problem .
Only a coordinated global response can guarantee that in the long run people from the poorest billion will visit Europe as tourists and business partners , not as asylum seekers .
And last but not least . Development without access to energy wo n't happen .
This crisis could help formulate a new approach : increase access to reliable , affordable and renewable energy services for sustainable development , promote energy efficiency to make sure economic growth does not raise energy demand and environmental degradation , including climate change .
Close to $ 155 billion was invested in 2008 in renewable energy companies and projects worldwide , not including large-scale hydroelectric projects , according to a recent UN Environment Program report .
The price tags are huge , but the current economic and financial crisis has taught us not to be afraid of ten-digit numbers .
Moreover , a headquarters in Abu Dhabi sends an unequivocal message that promoting renewable energy is not `` anti-oil . ''
At the same time , we must face the facts : fossil fuels will not last forever , and some supplies may dwindle soon .
IRENA may not be a component of the UN system , but it should be regarded as part of the family from the outset .
Ghanaians are not alone in voicing such concerns .
`` Politically active women , those who did not follow a strict dress code , and women human rights defenders were increasingly at risk of abuse , including by armed groups and religious extremists , '' Amnesty International said in its 2007 report .
To date , Iraqi officials have not been willing to deal with this escalating violence against women , or even to discuss it .
The timetable for action is not subject to debate .
Although this example may suggest that Africans are united against homosexuality , they are not ; gay advocates are simply terrified of speaking out , frightened that their support will be interpreted as an admission that they are gay .
`` It should not be left to gays alone to fight for gay rights , because we are talking about fundamental violations of justice , '' Attafuah said .
`` You do not have to be a child to defend the rights of children . ''
Yet the notion of `` coming out '' may not be a solution for every African homosexual .
Obama is n't likely to say whether he 'll scale back the US military role in the region , or whether America 's growing reliance on African oil is the real reason -- not Obama 's heritage -- for wooing Africans .
To be sure , South Africa 's push to join the world 's technological leaders is not limited to space research .
Still , Africa remains burdened by severe disadvantages , not the least of which is a terrible image .
That is a shame , but it need not be Africa 's fate .
But her adoption of a boy from Malawi whose mother had died and whose farmer father could not feed him has filled opinion pages in serious papers everywhere .
A crucial experiment is now underway in Malawi and other places that may help to expand farm output so that other poor farmers need not surrender their children for adoption .
To be sure , Nkhoma 's ideas about how to transform the lives of peasant farmers in Africa are not new .
She recognizes that any lasting transformation in African agriculture will take place , not only village by village , but also farmer by farmer .
For Clothilde Tingiri , a hot young programmer at Rwanda 's top software company , dreams of Beijing , not Cambridge , animate her ambitions .
Desperate for more education , this fall she plans to attend graduate school for computer science -- in China , not America .
Well , not quite . Across sub-Saharan Africa , engineers from India -- armed with appropriate technologies honed in their home market -- are also making their mark .
Africa also offers a testing ground for Asian-designed technologies that are not yet ready for US or European markets .
The Indian stove is clearly a work-in-progress ; it is too bulky and not durable enough to survive the rigors of an African village .
Zuma , who spent his youth herding cattle and only gained formal education while in the notorious Robben Island prison with Mandela , is refreshingly aware that Africa 's biggest problem is its inequalities , not its global marginalization .
Three in ten South Africans are younger than 15 , meaning that they did not live a day under apartheid .
The 9.0-magnitude earthquake that struck Japan is , of course , a highly exceptional event -- an event so rare that its probability can not be well assessed with models based on limited historic data .
Moreover , both the financial and nuclear risk models seem to not have correctly appreciated the correlations between different risks .
Both Lehman Brothers and Tokyo Electric Power Company -LRB- TEPCO -RRB- were able to increase their profits as long as the risk they were willing to accept did not materialize .
In this ideal world , insurance for individual plants would be linked to factors that can and can not be influenced , such as location in a densely populated area and the local population 's risk-averseness .
But a growing body of research concludes that greed is not always good , and that moral values are a necessary element in the conduct of business .
While legal remedies exist should this system break down , impersonal trading can not occur unless most people share the values of fair play and reciprocal cooperation .
Even in impersonal market exchange , we can not help but personalize transactions , say , with the grocery store cashier who smiles and thanks us , or the store greeter whose only purpose is to make us feel cared for .
If a fair division is not received , it elicits cries of outrage and hurled food by the wronged partner .
They simply do not care about others the way most people do , and the dysfunctional processing of oxytocin in their brains appears to be one reason for this .
Former Enron chief executive Jeffrey K. Skilling excused his behavior at his trial by saying , `` I 'm not an accountant . ''
Aside from Antarctica , Africa is the only continent that has not industrialized .
Africa will not only be hit hardest , but it will be hit first .
Some argue that developed countries can not come up with such sums , particularly given their current economic challenges .
Nonetheless , it is argued , whatever the real cost of the damage , developed countries currently can not afford to provide that kind of money .
If the developed world is able to pay trillions of dollars to clean up its bankers ' mess , how is it possible that it can not afford to pay billions of dollars to clean up a mess that it created , and that is threatening the survival of whole continents ?
Clearly this is not about the availability of resources .
I can not believe that people in developed counties , when informed about the issues , would support rescuing bankers and oppose partial compensation for poor countries and regions .
I can not believe that they will let such an injustice occur .
If they are not expressing their outrage over the injustice of it all , it can only be because they are inadequately informed .
Ensuring economic growth and addressing climate change do not have to be opposing goals .
Policymakers seem to be of the same opinion , and not just in developing countries , judging by the EU 's launch of its 2020 flagship last year and the United States ' green energy policy .
Many other developing countries simply can not emulate this success in all respects ; they must formulate plans specific to their own natural endowments , institutions , and business environments .
These include not only World Trade Organization rules , but also proliferating regional and bilateral trade and investment agreements -- all of which have sharply reduced the scope for IP formulation by limiting options for protecting and supporting industries and businesses selectively .
Despite these additional dangers , none of the major multilateral development institutions could easily argue today that developing countries should not formulate a development strategy that envisions sector-specific sources of economic growth , priorities for industrial development , and government support of such development with fiscal , financial , and regulatory measures .
Moreover , policymakers should consider which industries deliver the biggest development bang for the buck : export-generating industries do not always have the greatest impact on employment and value added .
Domestic industries , including services , which often account for more than half of value added even in developing economies , should not be neglected .
In particular , this means nurturing international competitiveness by focusing on industry productivity , not just on support for domestic players .
In today 's world , development objectives can realistically be met by supporting industrial growth , not only domestic industrial growth .
But the revaluation is likely to be a one-time affair and the free floating of the renminbi is probably not real because a stable currency is very much in China 's interest .
If growth in the trade sector boosts that of domestic non-trade sectors , then a fixed exchange rate will not put pressure on the external balance of payments as demand for imports rises .
Under these circumstances , revaluation of the exchange rate will not have a severe impact on an economy 's development .
Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $ 1,000 , not $ 10,000 or $ 15,000 , so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued .
Equally important , unlike other East Asian economies during their early take-off stages , the expansion of China 's export sector in the last decade has not been closely linked to the development of its domestic non-trade sector , because the expansion has been fueled mainly by foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- .
With its huge domestic economy , China would never have been able to accumulate such an enormous external surplus if its growth had not been confined to such enterprises .
Pressure for revaluation stems , therefore , not from the real needs of China economy , but from large imbalances in the United States , particularly its long-standing trade deficit , which exceeds 5 % of GDP .
Indeed , the question is not so much whether the global system will endure the imbalances spawned by China , but how severe those imbalances will prove to be .
China , by contrast , sees its growth as tied to a stable currency , and may not want to introduce a more flexible exchange-rate regime , even after the 2.1 % revaluation in July , pending alleviation of structural problems for which it is extremely difficult to set a timetable .
Policymakers in China seem to be unaware that many major cities have not had the luck to become financial centers .
Indeed , according to modern development models of finance , whether or not a physical center of finance exists is no longer a meaningful issue .
But what counts nowadays is not where financial transactions physically take place , but rather the growing importance and globalization of finance in the operation of the world economy .
Cities do not become financial centers because they are more `` excellent '' than other cities , or because they have done something that other cities failed to do .
A free-market economy and its legal traditions &#45; &#45; both indispensable to the survival of financial centers -- certainly helps them to rise , but that initial rise has always been attributable to historical evolution , not government strategy .
Indeed , the huge increase in China 's trade surplus in recent years is a consequence not of the renminbi 's exchange rate , as many believe , but of the domestic savings ' increase .
In early 2007 , because inflation was not really visible , the government did not regard it as a major problem .
International commodity prices will continue to rise , increases in domestic labor costs and prices of non-tradable goods can not easily be stemmed , the international economic situation will encourage further capital inflows , and asset inflation will persist .
Indeed , the controversy in Chinese eyes is not really about Korean reunification -- few in Beijing speculate that the endgame will be otherwise -- but to what extent reunification can be achieved without damaging China 's security concerns .
China 's leaders recognize that North Korea is a huge burden for them , but , like loving parents of a rogue son , they can not bring themselves to disown him .
But all such programs are doomed to fail if the main causal agent is the situation or system , not the person .
Patients with SCID-diagnosed bipolar disorder had a significantly higher risk of bipolar disorder in their immediate family members than patients who self-reported a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder that was not confirmed by the SCID .
Patients who self-reported a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder that was not confirmed by the SCID did not have a significantly higher risk for bipolar disorder than the patients who were negative for bipolar disorder by self-report and the SCID .
Any study seeking to determine whether a psychiatric disorder is over-diagnosed will find that some patients with the condition do not have it upon re-interview .
The question , then , is not whether some patients previously given a diagnosis do not seem to have it upon re-interview , but rather how many .
We believe that the increased availability of medications that have been approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder might be influencing clinicians who are unsure whether or not a patient has bipolar disorder or borderline personality disorder to err on the side of diagnosing the disorder that is responsive to medication .
Henry Paulson is Wrong CHICAGO -- When a profitable company is hit by a very large liability , the solution is not to have the government buy its assets at inflated prices . The solution , instead , is protection under bankruptcy law , which in the United States means Chapter 11 .
So why not use this well-established approach to solve the financial sector 's current problems ?
The obvious answer is that we do not have time ; Chapter 11 procedures are generally long and complex , and the current crisis has reached a point where time is of the essence .
As if rescuing the big insurer AIG and prohibiting all short selling of financial stocks was not enough , now US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson proposes buying up -LRB- with taxpayers ' money -RRB- the distressed assets of the financial sector .
If banks and financial institutions find it difficult to recapitalize -LRB- i.e. , issue new equity -RRB- , it is because investors are uncertain about the value of the assets in their portfolios and do not want to overpay .
But in this case , the government does not have to bail out the debt-holders of Bear Sterns , AIG , or any of the other financial institutions that will benefit from Paulson 's plan .
Since we do not have time for Chapter 11 proceedings and we do not want to bail out all the creditors , the lesser evil is to do what judges do in contentious and overextended bankruptcy processes : impose a restructuring plan on creditors , with part of the debt forgiven in exchange for equity or warrants .
My colleague and current Fed Governor Randall Koszner studied this episode and showed that not only stock prices , but also bond prices , soared after the Supreme Court upheld the decision .
As corporate finance experts have been saying for 30 years , having too much debt and too little equity is costly , so reducing the face value of debt can sometimes benefit not only equity-holders , but also debt-holders .
First , even if each individual debt-holder benefits , he or she will benefit even more if everybody else cuts the face value of their debt and he or she does not .
Since the many -LRB- taxpayers -RRB- are dispersed , we can not put up a good fight in the US Congress , whereas the financial industry is well represented politically .
The decisions that Congress must make now will affect not only the US economy 's short-term prospects , but will shape the type of capitalism that we will have for the next 50 years .
CHICAGO -- In trying to understand the pattern and timing of government interventions during a financial crisis , we should probably conclude that , to paraphrase the French philosopher Blaise Pascal , politics have incentives that economics can not understand .
One could argue that politicians behave this way because they do not understand the economic nature of crises .
I think that what leads them to behave this way is not lack of knowledge , but perverse incentives .
To act , politicians need consensus , which often does not emerge until the costs of inaction have become highly visible .
They can not be eliminated , but they can be tempered .
Bond investors ' heavy reliance on credit-rating agencies , which tend to be laxer with powerful issuers , has not been fixed .
The shadow banking sector 's dependence on the official banking sector 's liquidity and guarantees , and thus ultimately on the government , has not even been touched .
Economics is not as precise a science as physics , but this can not justify the failure of the Angelides Commission .
The major limits are imposed by the availability of data , not by our methodologies .
But the data were not made available , because the interested parties were -LRB- and remain -RRB- afraid to share it , knowing full well what would be revealed .
Its members could not agree even on how to define subprime mortgages and calculate how many such mortgages there were in the United States at the time of the crisis .
Did companies that compensated their traders -LRB- and not just their CEOs -RRB- more highly take more risk ?
Credit default swaps -LRB- CDS -RRB- of major southern European banks trade slightly lower than the CDS of their sovereign states , indicating that the market does not perceive the latter as able to support the former .
The procedures to trigger this intervention , however , are complex and the funding is sufficiently opaque that the bill will not eliminate collateral damage from a large bank failure even for US institutions , let alone for international ones , whose unwinding would require coordination by several states , with varying degree of solvency .
The goal would not be to rescue banks and their creditors , but to minimize the disruption that an uncontrolled default might cause .
First , it makes certain that the cost -LRB- if the losses exceed the combined value of equity and long-term debt -RRB- is shared by the international community and not only by the country where the institution is located , making the intervention credible even when the sovereign state is not .
If a major oil spill in Haiti were threatening the Gulf of Mexico , would n't we want the best technology -LRB- and not just the technology available in Haiti -RRB- to try to contain it ?
The most innovative aspect of these new rules is that the limits do not apply only to financial institutions ' chief executive officers , but to all the top managers -LRB- though the definition of top managers is delegated to national parliaments -RRB- .
High pay in the banking sector , so the argument goes , rewards success but does not penalize failure .
It is well designed because it interferes not with the level of compensation -LRB- as many have demanded -RRB- , but with the form that this compensation takes .
It requires that most of an annual bonus not only be deferred for three years , but also that it be put at risk .
This reduces incentives to take risk , though it does not eliminate them .
In large financial institutions , however , the incentive to gamble at taxpayers ' expense does not apply only to managers ; it extends to bondholders , who are de facto protected by the government .
If the problem is the moral hazard implied by being too big to fail , the solution is not to restrict pay , but to eliminate the hazard by forcing shareholders to issue more equity or lose their stock when banks ' debt starts to become risky .
If we want to intervene on pay in addition to -LRB- not instead of -RRB- reforming capital requirements , the most effective way is a variation of the tax imposed by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown : a special tax on all compensation above a certain threshold that is not paid in stock .
The first shaky principle is that if the return on these bonds is highly correlated , so that they all default at the same time , overcollateralization is not much help .
All of a sudden , issuers had much more influence on the rating agencies , which , like any good seller , were ready to bend a little not to alienate important customers .
As a result , the CDO market did not so much spread risk as it shifted and hid it .
When the US housing market started to turn south , the biggest underwriters -LRB- such as Countrywide -RRB- did not go bankrupt right away , because they had sold the vast majority of their loans to the CDO market .
After all , as the EFSF shows , their orientation can be more short term and irrational than the market 's , repeating the same mistakes because they seem not to have learned from them .
That said , the existence of political motivations does not undermine the legitimacy of the new EU investigations , which will be conducted alongside an ongoing inquiry by the United States Justice Department into anti-competitive practices in the trading , clearing , and pricing of CDS in the US .
The markets for other derivatives are not much better .
First , when they transact among themselves , large players do not insist on an adequate amount of collateral , relying on the counterparty 's generic creditworthiness -LRB- and on the implicit guarantees that governments provided to large firms -RRB- .
Looking beyond the old G-7 system , we need a twenty-first-century approach to multilateralism through the dynamism of a flexible network , not new hierarchies of a fixed or static system .
It is a positive step that leaders of major developed economies are now meeting with leaders from the rising economic powers . But the poorest developing countries must not be left out in the cold .
We will not solve this crisis , or put in place sustainable long-term solutions , by accepting a two-tier world .
