In other words , they obtained shorter hours -LRB- i.e. , more vacations -RRB- in order to keep employment up .
A citizens ' initiative of this kind will require one million signatures , obtained in different countries .
Regulators could encourage each bank to sell part of its toxic portfolio and extrapolate the portfolio 's value from the price obtained in such a sale , or they could attempt to estimate the portfolio 's value as well as they can on their own .
A number of countries have already obtained funds under program lending .
This `` confiscation '' occurred after several years in which high-risk government securities obtained very large returns .
This is why Calderón 's opponent in July 's presidential election , the populist Andrés Manuel López Obrador , obtained such a large percentage of the vote compared to the Mexican left 's previous high-water mark in the election of 2000 .
MEXICO CITY -- Everyone these days , it seems , has their own favorite American diplomatic cable -- or will soon -- given that the 250,000 documents obtained by WikiLeaks include references to almost every country in the world .
In the framework developed by the development economist Dani Rodrik , a shortage of capital can be a binding `` growth constraint '' : the place where `` the biggest bang for the -LRB- policy -RRB- reform buck can be obtained . ''
Furthermore , during the past 10 years , only about two-thirds of worldwide demand for nuclear fuel -- about 68,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent are needed for 2010 -- was met from resources obtained from mining .
He began by defining three terms : the genetic relatedness between individuals -LRB- labeled r -RRB- , the cost of an act of goodness -LRB- c -RRB- , and the benefit that a recipient obtained when someone was nice to him or her -LRB- b -RRB- .
By doing so she demonstrates the strong position her country has obtained as a member of NATO and the EU , and she will be the one riding the high moral ground .
The defense treaties concluded recently by France and the United Kingdom appear to be a good example of what can be obtained through greater cooperation and integration -- even though it is a strictly bilateral affair with no direct links to either NATO or the European Union .
Would it be possible to detect in advance clandestine activity aimed at producing one , and , if so , what would Iran have to pledge in the matter of inspections and checks , and how might such pledges be obtained ?
I obtained a law degree to help advocate for members of my community .
-LRB- For Iceland in the fall of 2008 , for example , the only alternative to IMF financing was to eat locally obtained goods , which mostly means fish . -RRB-
In the one or two cases of acquittal , another charge is filed and a conviction obtained .
African households obtained access to modern medicine much later and more suddenly than people in other regions .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Abe and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official .
Data obtained from animal experiments show that harmful physiological changes result from the inability of the brain and body to respond to repeated stress with adaptive modifications in structure and function .
As in other instances where government officials claim unanimity -- such as Saddam Hussein 's assertion that he obtained 100 % of Iraqis ' support in the plebiscite that he conducted shortly before the war -- America 's position is simply not credible .
Then he revealed that his wife was doing business with one of Montesinos 's banker friends and that his family members had obtained highly paid government posts .
That left has obtained historic victories thanks to a democracy whose survival is still not guaranteed .
The obvious place to begin would be to point to the aforementioned satellite images , but then our skeptical interlocutor could reasonably ask if you know how those images were obtained .
Both people and livestock need assured water supplies . In some areas , this can be obtained through boreholes that tap underground aquifers .
Liberia obtained its debt write-off by initiating profound changes in its governance and economic management in order to provide the institutional capability to manage debt prudently and spend resources wisely in the future .
Mbeki and other SADC leaders should recognize a key point . According to legal opinions commissioned by the Southern African Litigation Center , Zimbabwe 's Electoral Act holds that the delay or absence of a lawful run-off means that the candidate who obtained the most votes in the election of March 29 , 2008 , has been duly elected as President .
Golubchuk 's doctors thought it best not to prolong his life , but his children , arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their Orthodox Jewish beliefs , obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their father alive .
If we use goods made from raw materials that are obtained from a poor country without the proceeds being used to benefit the people of that country , we become complicit in a particularly iniquitous form of grand larceny .
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
The motion followed the release of undercover footage , obtained by Animal Defenders International , of a circus worker repeatedly beating Anne , an elephant .
While a big US rating agency gave European companies , on average , only a triple-B rating in recent years , CDOs based on MBSs easily obtained triple A-ratings . According to the IMF , 80 % of CDOs were in this category .
Within a year , Germany had asked for , and obtained , a moratorium .
Change will not occur from one day to the next , but the results obtained in the end will be better and more enduring .
Thus they are buying the same level of access and influence for their corporate interests that they previously obtained with their own and corporate funds .
To counter the fundraising advantage obtained by this strategy , I have contributed to independent organizations that by law are forbidden to coordinate their activities with the political parties or candidates .
Most importantly , the terms that Paulson got for the capital provided to America 's banks were far worse than those obtained by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown -LRB- not to mention those that Warren Buffett got for putting far less into America 's soundest investment bank , Goldman Sachs -RRB- .
If , on the other hand , IMF credit is obtained on reasonable terms , it will make a positive contribution .
If those who hold wealth are seen as having obtained it in ways that lack legitimacy , no legal system can make property secure .
As a former judge at the ICTY , I can attest to the indispensable role that prosecutors inevitably play . They ensure that key legal and factual issues get raised , that the best evidence is obtained -- often through diplomatic means , but often at risk of life and limb in hostile territory -- that guilty pleas do not dilute the truth , and that sentencing recommendations are commensurate with the crimes ' true dimensions .
The great majority of the roughly 24 million private individuals estimated to have gone into business between 1980 and 2005 were ordinary folk with very small capital -- usually obtained by pooling the savings of family members and perhaps friends .
The convening of a special conference under SCO auspices in March 2009 further confirmed the unique status Afghanistan has obtained .
In May 2008 , China obtained a major economic stake in Afghanistan when Chinese firms won a $ 3.5 billion contract to develop Afghanistan 's huge Aynak copper field .
And documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union have Rumsfeld , in his own words , `` checking in '' on the sexualized humiliation of prisoners .
Ariel Sharon and Menachem Begin went all the way to Beirut in the early 1980 's , paying a terrible and bloody price , to try to eliminate the PLO -- a result that could never be obtained .
Family history information was obtained from the patient regarding their immediate relatives .
