However , rigorous standardization of the environment , particularly if it leads to barren surroundings , increases the risk of obtaining results that , being specific to a narrow set of conditions , can not be compared with other researchers ' results .
The emphasis should be on building coalitions among the relatively moderate states that are threatened by radical Islamist forces , and on working hard to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons -- a goal that is in the interests of many in the region .
In principle , IDB membership requires OAS membership , and therein may lie the reason why Cuba insisted so strongly on returning , and why it was ultimately disappointed in not obtaining unconditional re-admission .
His chief goal -- obtaining a permanent seat for Brazil on the United Nations Security Council -- is more distant than ever , and his more modest aims have not met with greater success .
In any case , the political consequences overshadow legal or bureaucratic issues . Forcing the US to use its veto in the Security Council , or obtaining the support of more than 150 of the UN 's 193 member states in the General Assembly , would be a huge defeat for Israel and the US , which is why the Latin American votes are important .
But he has long-term responsibilities - both to Mexicans in Mexico and to Mexicans in the US - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory .
Rising house prices also allowed homeowners to refinance their mortgages , obtaining additional cash to spend on other things .
The NPT -- a bedrock of peace for more than three decades -- is based on a political agreement between nuclear and non-nuclear states : the latter abstain from obtaining nuclear weapons , while the former destroy their arsenals .
While commentators have charged that Britain capitulated to Iran and handed them a humiliating victory in obtaining the release of the 15 British Marines last week , it would appear that something more like the opposite is actually the case .
In Chad recently , the French NGO L'Arche de Zoé tried to smuggle children out of the country without obtaining permission from either parents or the government .
So the Taliban are obtaining ample funds from the heroin trade -- easily Afghanistan 's largest single source of foreign earnings .
They provided a highly efficient means of obtaining information about markets , suppliers , and sources of finance .
The hard part is obtaining the fissionable materials -- plutonium or highly enriched uranium .
But this is true only for those needs which are ` solvent , ' insofar as they are endowed with purchasing power , and for those resources which are ` marketable , ' insofar as they are capable of obtaining a satisfactory price . ''
The PLO has succeeded in obtaining European support for a unilateral Palestinian declaration of statehood . The only obstacle remaining to Palestinian leaders are the Americans .
One oligarch , Yamagata Aritomo , made the bureaucracy immune to political meddling by obtaining a personal communication from the emperor that could never be overruled .
In the past , other interests , such as securing a steady flow of oil or obtaining cooperation on counter-terrorism , assumed priority .
His leadership success came from his bureaucratic skill in cultivating Congressional support and obtaining resources , and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among his officers .
But soft power will become increasingly important in preventing terrorists from recruiting new supporters , and for obtaining the international cooperation necessary for countering terrorism .
Modern developments in desalination have brought the cost per unit of desalinated seawater to levels comparable to obtaining fresh water from natural sources -LRB- approximately US$ 0.05 per cubic meter -RRB- .
American children raised in affluence succeed in obtaining an excellent education and have good job prospects after a bachelor 's degree .
People who have been infected with leprosy also are entitled to the same rights as everyone else with respect to full citizenship and obtaining identify documents .
Aside from a pledge of non-aggression , its central interest is in obtaining economic assistance .
In effect , New START is the sine qua non for effective US leadership on the arms-control and non-proliferation issues that matter to Europe -- from reviving the CFE treaty to preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
But the alleged shooter had never been formally diagnosed as mentally ill , so such targeted laws would not have prevented him from obtaining a gun .
