In other words , they obtained shorter hours -LRB- i.e. , more vacations -RRB- in order to keep employment up .
They told us about determined and costly efforts to obtain doomsday devices .
It must be clear by now that Pyongyang is determined to keep its nuclear weapons program in order to obtain a credible assurance from the US that its bizarre and repressive regime will be allowed to survive .
Sixty years ago , the Universal Declaration of Human Rights recognized that both freedom from want and freedom from fear are indispensable preconditions for a dignified life . The Declaration unequivocally linked destitution and exclusion with discrimination and unequal access to resources and opportunities . Its framers understood that social and cultural stigmatization precludes full participation in public life and the ability to influence policies and obtain justice .
However , rigorous standardization of the environment , particularly if it leads to barren surroundings , increases the risk of obtaining results that , being specific to a narrow set of conditions , can not be compared with other researchers ' results .
A citizens ' initiative of this kind will require one million signatures , obtained in different countries .
Such managers can be expected to use their influence to obtain and maintain rules that weaken the rights of dispersed shareholders and make it difficult for shareholders to replace them .
Thus , in the US , corporate influence makes it difficult to obtain long-needed reforms that would eliminate barriers to takeovers and remove legal impediments to the ability of shareholders to replace company directors .
But the insiders that direct corporate lobbying can be expected to seek to obtain and maintain rules that provide insufficient protection to minority shareholders from such opportunism .
Regulators could encourage each bank to sell part of its toxic portfolio and extrapolate the portfolio 's value from the price obtained in such a sale , or they could attempt to estimate the portfolio 's value as well as they can on their own .
A number of countries have already obtained funds under program lending .
The rule from the earlier research on bacteria was to obtain mutants and study them as deeply as possible .
The emphasis should be on building coalitions among the relatively moderate states that are threatened by radical Islamist forces , and on working hard to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons -- a goal that is in the interests of many in the region .
This `` confiscation '' occurred after several years in which high-risk government securities obtained very large returns .
Between September 1994 -LRB- the year of their inception -RRB- and January 2001 , the AFJP yielded an average annual rate of return of 10.9 % in US dollars -- nearly 600 basis points above the return obtainable from US Treasury Bills .
This is why Calderón 's opponent in July 's presidential election , the populist Andrés Manuel López Obrador , obtained such a large percentage of the vote compared to the Mexican left 's previous high-water mark in the election of 2000 .
In Guatemala , once again , President Oscar Berger was obviously proud to receive Bush , but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman , hateful Homeland Security raids by US law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants , exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation , on the eve of Bush 's visit , of nearly 300 Guatemalans working at a Massachussetts , military vest factory .
In principle , IDB membership requires OAS membership , and therein may lie the reason why Cuba insisted so strongly on returning , and why it was ultimately disappointed in not obtaining unconditional re-admission .
His chief goal -- obtaining a permanent seat for Brazil on the United Nations Security Council -- is more distant than ever , and his more modest aims have not met with greater success .
MEXICO CITY -- Everyone these days , it seems , has their own favorite American diplomatic cable -- or will soon -- given that the 250,000 documents obtained by WikiLeaks include references to almost every country in the world .
In any case , the political consequences overshadow legal or bureaucratic issues . Forcing the US to use its veto in the Security Council , or obtaining the support of more than 150 of the UN 's 193 member states in the General Assembly , would be a huge defeat for Israel and the US , which is why the Latin American votes are important .
While repealing one law to satisfy his voters -- and get elected -- Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promised new legislation that would restore undocumented workers ' ability to obtain a driver 's license .
These forces are probably profiting from the drug trade . At the very least , their collusion enables the traffickers to obtain fuel , spare parts , accommodation , and guides .
And they threw the book at one of Mladi? 's men who pled guilty and gave damning insider testimony , eliminating the prosecution 's leverage to obtain similar admissions .
Among the most informative exercises we can undertake in cognitive epidemiology is to obtain a large group of twins on whom there is data on early-life intelligence and who were tracked for a long time to find out who had died .
In the framework developed by the development economist Dani Rodrik , a shortage of capital can be a binding `` growth constraint '' : the place where `` the biggest bang for the -LRB- policy -RRB- reform buck can be obtained . ''
Finally , governments should undertake additional measures to boost financial asset prices , and so make it easier for those firms that ought to be expanding and hiring to obtain finance on terms that allow them to expand and hire .
Furthermore , during the past 10 years , only about two-thirds of worldwide demand for nuclear fuel -- about 68,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent are needed for 2010 -- was met from resources obtained from mining .
But he has long-term responsibilities - both to Mexicans in Mexico and to Mexicans in the US - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory .
He began by defining three terms : the genetic relatedness between individuals -LRB- labeled r -RRB- , the cost of an act of goodness -LRB- c -RRB- , and the benefit that a recipient obtained when someone was nice to him or her -LRB- b -RRB- .
There should be clear rules governing disbursement , who is in charge , and how much money is available . It should not be necessary to obtain the agreement of 27 national parliaments each time action is needed .
As a result , bank credit will be harder to obtain .
By doing so she demonstrates the strong position her country has obtained as a member of NATO and the EU , and she will be the one riding the high moral ground .
Yet , to obtain that kind of understanding , Russia must be able to see its own interests - in particular the economic health of Kaliningrad and Northwest Russia - taken into account as the EU enlarges .
The defense treaties concluded recently by France and the United Kingdom appear to be a good example of what can be obtained through greater cooperation and integration -- even though it is a strictly bilateral affair with no direct links to either NATO or the European Union .
Though farm `` collectives '' have remained the owners of rural land , households may obtain all `` residuals '' of their production , which creates the necessary incentive to use land productively .
Rising house prices also allowed homeowners to refinance their mortgages , obtaining additional cash to spend on other things .
There can no longer be any reasonable doubt that Iran 's ambition is to obtain nuclear weapons capability .
The NPT -- a bedrock of peace for more than three decades -- is based on a political agreement between nuclear and non-nuclear states : the latter abstain from obtaining nuclear weapons , while the former destroy their arsenals .
Would it be possible to detect in advance clandestine activity aimed at producing one , and , if so , what would Iran have to pledge in the matter of inspections and checks , and how might such pledges be obtained ?
While commentators have charged that Britain capitulated to Iran and handed them a humiliating victory in obtaining the release of the 15 British Marines last week , it would appear that something more like the opposite is actually the case .
In Chad recently , the French NGO L'Arche de Zoé tried to smuggle children out of the country without obtaining permission from either parents or the government .
The troubled country could then rapidly obtain a large IMF loan , given that the eurozone countries ' quotas total about ¤ 60 billion -- and that IMF loans can easily reach multiples of the quota .
Bayrou criticizes the `` nationalist obsession '' of his competitors , but he supports abrogating the jus soli -LRB- the right to obtain French nationality by birth -RRB- for people from the French island of Mayotte , owing to massive inflows of pregnant women to the island .
The police finally stepped in and , after a careful investigation , announced that they had found the true criminal : Yang Yongming , a private businessman whom the local lottery administration had contracted to organize ticket sales . Yang had conspired with the government officials directing the lottery , who were arrested for malfeasance , to fraudulently obtain the top prizes .
So the Taliban are obtaining ample funds from the heroin trade -- easily Afghanistan 's largest single source of foreign earnings .
This two pillar approach constitutes a framework for cross-checking indications from the shorter-term economic analysis with those from the longer-term monetary analysis in order to obtain a robust view about the risks to price stability .
I obtained a law degree to help advocate for members of my community .
If the large states are to obtain similar gains , and their politicians are to recover voters ' respect , their governments will have to accept the small-state logic and abandon the Great Power posturing of the past .
This exercise looks like a dramatic repeat of the interwar story , when it was impossible to obtain consensus about policy and about mutually consistent policy frameworks .
Now , too , as borrowers find credit increasingly difficult to obtain , and as resentment toward banks -- and those responsible for regulating them -- grows accordingly , we can expect demands for political intervention to alter the distribution of credit .
Unlike the US dollar , there is no obvious way to put pressure on the European Central Bank to depreciate the currency in order to obtain a competitive advantage over other economies .
They provided a highly efficient means of obtaining information about markets , suppliers , and sources of finance .
But trying to obtain stability from rigidity is illusory .
-LRB- For Iceland in the fall of 2008 , for example , the only alternative to IMF financing was to eat locally obtained goods , which mostly means fish . -RRB-
Indeed , the one act most likely to guarantee that Iran obtains nuclear weapons would be to attack it . -LRB- Nine years after Israel 's bombing raid on Iraq 's nuclear reactor at Osirak in 1981 , Saddam Hussein was nevertheless within a year of having an atomic bomb . -RRB-
The hard part is obtaining the fissionable materials -- plutonium or highly enriched uranium .
It is too soon to tell if Iran 's desire to obtain nuclear weapons has been delayed .
To obtain sustainable results , policymakers need to accept that sometimes `` good enough is enough . ''
In the one or two cases of acquittal , another charge is filed and a conviction obtained .
In opting to become President Medvedev 's prime minister , Putin sees himself as coming closer to the machine of power , because he will obtain minute-by-minute control of the government .
This often implies illicit payments to obtain contracts or licenses outside official tender processes .
But this is true only for those needs which are ` solvent , ' insofar as they are endowed with purchasing power , and for those resources which are ` marketable , ' insofar as they are capable of obtaining a satisfactory price . ''
The PLO has succeeded in obtaining European support for a unilateral Palestinian declaration of statehood . The only obstacle remaining to Palestinian leaders are the Americans .
Palestinians ' desire to obtain a UN vote on statehood -LRB- in whatever form -RRB- does not mean that they can not have direct negotiations with Israel .
One oligarch , Yamagata Aritomo , made the bureaucracy immune to political meddling by obtaining a personal communication from the emperor that could never be overruled .
To help industries in the region upgrade environmentally , firms can now obtain special loans for which the Asian Development Bank assumes the risk -- a program made possible by Hong Kong 's sound banking practices .
By selling cloth and buying wine , Great Britain obtains more of both , as does Portugal .
It is not clear how many street-fighters Saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces -LRB- the 5,000-man Al Amn al-Khas Special Security Service , the 4,000-man , al-Mukhabarat al-Amma General Intelligence Directorate , the 5,000-man Al-Istikhbarat al-Askariyya Military Intelligence , the 5,000 man Al Amn al-Askariyya Military Security Service , and the 8,000-man Mudiriyat al-Amn al-Amma General Security Service -RRB- whose 25,000-30 ,000 men are distributed throughout Iraq .
The only open question in both places is how much damage Israel will need to inflict to obtain new cease-fires .
African households obtained access to modern medicine much later and more suddenly than people in other regions .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Abe and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official .
Data obtained from animal experiments show that harmful physiological changes result from the inability of the brain and body to respond to repeated stress with adaptive modifications in structure and function .
In the past , other interests , such as securing a steady flow of oil or obtaining cooperation on counter-terrorism , assumed priority .
To be sure , good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of H5N1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected , so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures , including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain .
They would obtain timely warning of the existence of an H5N1 strain that is transmissible from human to human , but would focus the vast majority of their funding on parallel , low - and high-tech approaches -- vaccines , drugs , and other public health measures -- that would primarily benefit themselves .
Achieving this goal could offer scientists unprecedented opportunities for innovation , and better enable them to craft bespoke microorganisms and plants that produce pharmaceuticals , clean up toxic wastes , and obtain -LRB- or `` fix '' -RRB- nitrogen from the air -LRB- obviating the need for chemical fertilizers -RRB- .
The question is whether Syria 's rulers can make the political choices necessary to obtain them .
But one of its purposes was to obtain the Syrian-backed Hezbollah 's support for an IMF-style recovery program .
As a result , Jews were highly oriented toward education , and willing to defer current pleasures and income to obtain more of it .
As in other instances where government officials claim unanimity -- such as Saddam Hussein 's assertion that he obtained 100 % of Iraqis ' support in the plebiscite that he conducted shortly before the war -- America 's position is simply not credible .
Terrorists can obtain microbes and viruses from inadequately protected foreign laboratories , or by bribing underpaid scientists in the remnants of the Russian biological warfare system , or from natural sources .
Europe has used the attractiveness of its Union to obtain outcomes it wants , just as the US has acted as though its military pre-eminence could solve all problems .
If such actors obtain nuclear and biological materials , the world will look very different .
But on the middle board of economic relations , the world is already multipolar , and the US can not obtain the outcomes it wants without the cooperation of Europe , Japan , China , and others .
His leadership success came from his bureaucratic skill in cultivating Congressional support and obtaining resources , and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among his officers .
But soft power will become increasingly important in preventing terrorists from recruiting new supporters , and for obtaining the international cooperation necessary for countering terrorism .
If power is the ability to obtain the outcomes one wants , it is important to remember that sometimes our power is greater when we act with others rather than merely over others .
Then he revealed that his wife was doing business with one of Montesinos 's banker friends and that his family members had obtained highly paid government posts .
That left has obtained historic victories thanks to a democracy whose survival is still not guaranteed .
Surrounded by a forbidding wall , watchtowers , and deadly buffer zones , I entered with a hard-to-obtain visa at the Erez crossing -- iron gates , an interrogation by bored young immigration officers and scanners .
The obvious place to begin would be to point to the aforementioned satellite images , but then our skeptical interlocutor could reasonably ask if you know how those images were obtained .
Rather than intervening to obtain a short-term increase in their share of slow-growing global demand , it makes sense for countries to make their economies more balanced and efficient over the medium term .
Estimates suggest that over 60 % of Iraqis depend for their income on government , which will obtain the bulk of its revenues from oil for the foreseeable future .
A market-based system gives new firms -- hence new technologies -- more chances to obtain financing , because many investors assess firms independently .
To obtain a patent , an applicant must demonstrate that an invention meets three criteria : newness , non-obviousness -LRB- that there is an inventive step -RRB- , and utility -LRB- the invention does what it claims to do -RRB- .
Modern developments in desalination have brought the cost per unit of desalinated seawater to levels comparable to obtaining fresh water from natural sources -LRB- approximately US$ 0.05 per cubic meter -RRB- .
With the credit crisis still making it difficult for many small and medium-size businesses to obtain even the minimal level of financing necessary to maintain inventories and conduct trade , global GDP is on a precipice in 2009 .
They can also , it adds , obtain unsecured bank loans for themselves and their friends .
The root of the problem is that Africa 's farmers are too poor to obtain the basic modern inputs -- including high-yield seed varieties , fertilizers , and small-scale water management systems -- that could enable them to double or triple their output of food and cash crops .
Both people and livestock need assured water supplies . In some areas , this can be obtained through boreholes that tap underground aquifers .
If farmers can be helped to obtain simple technologies , income can rise , and they can accumulate bank balances and collateral .
With a bit of temporary help , perhaps lasting around five years , farmers can build up enough wealth to obtain inputs on a market basis , either through direct purchases from savings or through bank loans .
They could not obtain bank financing .
Fourth , and finally , the failure of Lehman Brothers and near failure of the insurance giant AIG , incited a financial panic , in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper .
The challenge for policymakers is to restore enough confidence that companies can once again obtain short-term credit to meet their payrolls and finance their inventories .
These pooled funds would enable farmers in poor countries to obtain the fertilizer , improved seed varieties , and small-scale irrigation equipment that they urgently need .
They claimed that scientists were fabricating evidence in order to obtain government research grants -- a ludicrous accusation , I thought at the time , given that the scientists under attack have devoted their lives to finding the truth , and have certainly not become rich relative to their peers in finance and business .
American children raised in affluence succeed in obtaining an excellent education and have good job prospects after a bachelor 's degree .
Macroeconomic stability refers to the absence of inflation , budget balance , a realistic value for the exchange rate , the ability of businesses and government to obtain market loans , and high confidence that government financial obligations will be honored .
Third , using existing technologies , it would be possible to save 8 million lives per year by the end of the decade , but only if rich countries help poor countries to obtain these technologies .
A high cost of war is certainly not a case for inaction , especially in the face of a serious risk that Iraq could obtain , and eventually use , weapons of mass destruction .
People who have been infected with leprosy also are entitled to the same rights as everyone else with respect to full citizenship and obtaining identify documents .
Liberia obtained its debt write-off by initiating profound changes in its governance and economic management in order to provide the institutional capability to manage debt prudently and spend resources wisely in the future .
Aside from a pledge of non-aggression , its central interest is in obtaining economic assistance .
The developing countries , therefore , have an interest in calling for multilateral dialogue on investment conditions in order to obtain certain collective guarantees .
Mbeki and other SADC leaders should recognize a key point . According to legal opinions commissioned by the Southern African Litigation Center , Zimbabwe 's Electoral Act holds that the delay or absence of a lawful run-off means that the candidate who obtained the most votes in the election of March 29 , 2008 , has been duly elected as President .
In effect , New START is the sine qua non for effective US leadership on the arms-control and non-proliferation issues that matter to Europe -- from reviving the CFE treaty to preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
Why do so many of us strive to obtain more money , if it wo n't make us happier ?
Karnofsky and Hassenfeld now had a new goal : to obtain and publicize the information .
Golubchuk 's doctors thought it best not to prolong his life , but his children , arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their Orthodox Jewish beliefs , obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their father alive .
If it is the uniqueness of human embryos that makes it wrong to destroy them , then there is no compelling reason not to take one cell from an embryo and destroy the remainder of it to obtain stem cells , for the embryo 's `` unique genetic potential '' would be preserved .
Synthetic Genomics has a $ 600 million agreement with ExxonMobil to obtain fuel from algae .
If we use goods made from raw materials that are obtained from a poor country without the proceeds being used to benefit the people of that country , we become complicit in a particularly iniquitous form of grand larceny .
Karlan 's research , and the results obtained at stickK , suggests that most people , when they are thinking calmly , have a sense of what is in their interests , but , faced with more immediate temptations , are often unable to keep to their plans .
The motion followed the release of undercover footage , obtained by Animal Defenders International , of a circus worker repeatedly beating Anne , an elephant .
While a big US rating agency gave European companies , on average , only a triple-B rating in recent years , CDOs based on MBSs easily obtained triple A-ratings . According to the IMF , 80 % of CDOs were in this category .
LONDON -- With Labor trailing the Conservatives slightly in opinion polls , the British election on May 6 could well produce a `` hung '' parliament , in which neither major party obtains a majority and the Liberal Democrats hold the balance of power .
Within a year , Germany had asked for , and obtained , a moratorium .
Often , as with the properties of a gas reserve , for example , information is technically difficult to obtain .
Change will not occur from one day to the next , but the results obtained in the end will be better and more enduring .
There are checks and balances , and the President must obtain the support of the people .
Thus they are buying the same level of access and influence for their corporate interests that they previously obtained with their own and corporate funds .
To counter the fundraising advantage obtained by this strategy , I have contributed to independent organizations that by law are forbidden to coordinate their activities with the political parties or candidates .
Most importantly , the terms that Paulson got for the capital provided to America 's banks were far worse than those obtained by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown -LRB- not to mention those that Warren Buffett got for putting far less into America 's soundest investment bank , Goldman Sachs -RRB- .
If , on the other hand , IMF credit is obtained on reasonable terms , it will make a positive contribution .
If those who hold wealth are seen as having obtained it in ways that lack legitimacy , no legal system can make property secure .
Conversely , if an economy is tightly controlled by the state , has protectionist barriers against foreign imports and capital movements , or relies on rents from exhaustible resources to obtain foreign currency , transition to democracy can be plagued by populism and struggles for redistribution , hurting economic growth .
Some activists have criticized US Senator Jim Webb 's journey to Yangon to obtain the release of John Yettaw , the American whose actions triggered the charges against Aung San Suu Kyi .
Increased liquidity in international capital markets also reduced the need to obtain multilateral financing , and with it the need to accept conditions like privatization of natural resources and deregulation of public utilities .
If it can be convincingly shown that a group has been the victim of a past injustice , the group in question obtains a bottomless line of moral credit .
The people of Zimbabwe want constitutional change , legal change , legitimate change , and they are going to obtain it in spite of all the obstacles .
In the case of Zimbabwe , it is extremely difficult to obtain such information .
If their claim is upheld , then the cynics are right : our revolution was merely about whether one class or another , one person or another , would obtain the power to work his or her will .
But the alleged shooter had never been formally diagnosed as mentally ill , so such targeted laws would not have prevented him from obtaining a gun .
As a former judge at the ICTY , I can attest to the indispensable role that prosecutors inevitably play . They ensure that key legal and factual issues get raised , that the best evidence is obtained -- often through diplomatic means , but often at risk of life and limb in hostile territory -- that guilty pleas do not dilute the truth , and that sentencing recommendations are commensurate with the crimes ' true dimensions .
A recent survey of telecommunications regulatory agencies conducted by The World Bank found that 23 of the 38 poor countries that responded require ISPs to obtain formal regulatory approval before they are allowed to operate .
The great majority of the roughly 24 million private individuals estimated to have gone into business between 1980 and 2005 were ordinary folk with very small capital -- usually obtained by pooling the savings of family members and perhaps friends .
The convening of a special conference under SCO auspices in March 2009 further confirmed the unique status Afghanistan has obtained .
In May 2008 , China obtained a major economic stake in Afghanistan when Chinese firms won a $ 3.5 billion contract to develop Afghanistan 's huge Aynak copper field .
And documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union have Rumsfeld , in his own words , `` checking in '' on the sexualized humiliation of prisoners .
Saleh has regularly employed the danger of Al Qaeda to obtain additional financial and security support from both the West and Saudi Arabia .
Ariel Sharon and Menachem Begin went all the way to Beirut in the early 1980 's , paying a terrible and bloody price , to try to eliminate the PLO -- a result that could never be obtained .
That is why they have tried to obtain political support against the nuclear ambitions of Iran , which periodically threatens Israel , at times proclaiming its desire to wipe it off the face of the earth .
Can Greece , with the EFSF 's help , obtain debt relief while avoiding default ?
In such a difficult domestic situation , North Korea 's leaders may adopt more hostile policies to obtain economic aid from both South Korea and the United States .
But the secret of the University of California 's success is its ability to obtain ever-higher amounts of funding from private sources and the federal government .
Family history information was obtained from the patient regarding their immediate relatives .
