Much of the current trouble can be traced to Afghanistan , whose tragedy could never have remained confined within its designated borders .
True , Syria and Iran are playing a major role in supporting Iraqi insurgents , and Syria is still encouraging the trafficking of jihadists and weapons across its borders with Iraq .
Indeed , even local security apparatuses have been unwilling to comply with dictates from Assad and his clique to seal the borders .
I hope that the third one will win out , because it would mean relatively open borders , no discrimination , and less government intervention .
So long as the Union 's borders remain closed , there is also a risk that foreign investment will fly over Western Europe and land in Central and Eastern Europe , where people are willing to work longer hours , market regulations are less intrusive , and human capital is relatively high , because Communist schools were good at technical training .
Latin America 's New Regionalism We live in a world crisscrossed by borders , drawn and redrawn throughout history , chosen by fancy or caprice , and all too often defended by bloodshed .
Increasingly , we must recognize that our borders are not fortress walls .
Today -- sometimes across borders , sometimes within them -- once-unthinkable wealth exists alongside extreme poverty and all its social ills .
I hope that spirit will spread far beyond San José , and that other regions will join us in recognizing that while our borders may define our territories , having the courage to reach across them defines our character -- and , ultimately , our future success or failure .
Two air-force pilots diverted to Malta , followed by a navy warship -- all in defiance of Qaddafi 's orders to bomb the eastern city of Benghazi .
But the administrative borders of these districts were never fully established , and they have changed at least eight times since 1951 .
For example , although prosecutors control the relevant courts , they did not bother to secure the necessary court orders for the Yukos raids and arrests .
Iraq 's neighbors - Saudi Arabia in the south and Turkey in the north - must be reassured that Shi'a and Kurdish rebellion will not result in the dismantling of Iraq and a change of borders : both countries have legitimate concerns regarding this issue .
On too many issues -- borders , settlements , refugees , Jerusalem -- the gaps between the two sides are too deep to be easily bridged .
Indeed , the conflict would become , if one can use the expression , more `` normal '' -- no longer between an occupying power and an occupied people , but between two countries , two states , that disagree about a lot of issues , including borders , mutual relations , and control over populations .
The conflict in Northern Ireland was always territorial : not even the most radical Irish Republican group ever denied the legitimacy of Great Britain -- only its rule over the six northern provinces of what they consider United Ireland . The crux of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , by contrast , only partly concerns Israel 's borders .
Even the most moderate leaders on both sides could not agree on the core issues of the conflict : borders , settlements , Jerusalem , and the fate of 1947-1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants . Both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement : for Olmert , an agreement might have rescued his position as prime minister , and it would have been a trump card for Abbas in Fatah 's de facto civil war with Hamas .
But Erdo?an 's threat to consider using the Turkish navy as a military escort for further flotillas to Gaza already borders on saber rattling , as does his declared willingness to use force to prevent the Republic of Cyprus from exploring for gas in its continental shelf .
Even as the disease burden in emerging-market cities shifts from infectious to chronic illnesses , urban populations remain vulnerable to epidemic disease , childhood diseases born of malnutrition , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis , and mental disorders rooted in unemployment and poverty .
Stability is also important because the country borders on Romania , a European Union member state .
Substitution of paracetamol for aspirin , researchers proposed , may have led to an enhanced allergic immune response , thereby increasing susceptibility to asthma and other allergic disorders .
Identifying the potential mechanisms that might underlie the association between paracetamol and asthma -LRB- and other allergic disorders -RRB- was not a part of this study .
Not even the bizarre idea , reserved for the second stage , of a Palestinian state with `` temporary borders '' is enticing for the Palestinians .
But , as a power burdened with too many domestic ills and a chronic sense of insecurity along its vast and dangerously depopulated borders , Russia can not be interested in a Cold War II , either .
These include the opening of Gaza 's borders , including the Egyptian-controlled Rafah crossing , the release of Hamas detainees in Egypt , the suspension of Israeli operations against Hamas activists in the West Bank , and the right to respond to any perceived Israeli violation of the ceasefire .
It took Europe gruesome religious wars , two world wars , and more than one genocide to resolve its endemic disputes over borders and nationalism .
Most states nowadays lie within borders that are widely accepted as legitimate , and they increasingly abide by international norms of behavior in times of war .
All this in order to go back to the 1967 borders , for which few Israelis feel nostalgic .
True , Hamas has been indicating recently a readiness to contemplate a solution based on the 1967 borders , but it is doubtful that its leaders and members could live with the betrayal of the refugees .
As he admitted in a recent interview with the Palestinian newspaper Al Quds , if pressured to concede on sacred Palestinian principles such as refugees , Jerusalem , and borders , he `` would pack his suitcase and go away . ''
Instead of insisting on what the Palestinians can not give , Israel should focus on what is essential : the international legitimacy of its borders .
He expects that a unilateral yet internationally recognized declaration of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders would put unbearable pressure on an Israel haunted by the specter of worldwide de-legitimization .
Inevitably inadequate -- one idea being toyed with is recognition of a Palestinian state in provisional borders that might encompass around 50 % of the West Bank -- it will nonetheless occupy the attention of the international community , and perhaps even derail the new Palestinian strategy .
It could then negotiate with the US the wording of the UN resolution in a way that would end up creating a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed territorial adjustments .
The real threat to Egypt 's security today is on its southern and eastern borders , not in Israel .
TEL AVIV -- Binyamin Netanyahu 's furious rejection of US President Barack Obama 's proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian dispute -- frontiers that he called `` utterly indefensible '' -- reflects not only the Israeli prime minister 's poor statesmanship , but also his antiquated military philosophy .
For borders to be defensible , they need first to be legitimate and internationally recognized .
But Netanyahu does not really trust `` the gentiles '' to supply that type of international recognition of Israel 's borders , not even when America is behind him , and not even when Israel today has the most powerful military capabilities in the Middle East .
Not until occupation ends , Israel lives within internationally recognized borders , and the Palestinians recover their dignity as a nation will the Jewish state 's existence be finally secured .
So , whoever aspires to help the parties reach a settlement needs to be attentive to the fact that territorial borders are only one aspect of this conflict -- and not necessarily the most contentious one .
Bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former President Bill Clinton 's peace plan by affirming that `` the borders of the past , the realities of the present , and agreed changes '' will define his two-state solution .
European financial institutions and markets cross national borders on an unprecedented scale , but national authorities still dominate regulation .
This is even more likely in countries that do not face the same constraints on national solutions as members of the EU &#45; &#45; most prominent among them China or India , which only recently opened their borders to foreign direct investment in the financial sector .
Just as the eurozone has fostered financial development and economic growth among its members , the current crisis now risks inflicting severe collateral damage far beyond its borders .
For Khrushchev 's control over the Soviet military in Cuba was limited ; U2 planes flying over Cuba were shot at despite Khrushchev 's explicit orders to the contrary .
Doing so would reduce inequalities not only between EU member states , but also within the poorer ones . The poorest of the poor would gain the most , while the rich member states would lose little , despite their popular fear of open borders .
Parliament watered down a proposal for far-reaching pension reform to the point that it borders on useless , and repeated promises to stop subsidizing wasteful energy consumption through low gas prices have not been honored .
In crossing borders , the sharp portfolio reallocations and the rush to safer assets are creating not only financial but also exchange-rate crises .
Financial capital can cross borders far more easily , and physical capital can relocate almost as quickly .
For example , three medical afflictions that create especially acute and enduring distress -- clinical depression , chronic pain , and sleep disorders -- are all conditions that can often be treated successfully , to the vast relief of sufferers .
To that we must add coordinated financial regulation and bailout policies , as deposits flow rapidly across borders in response to national guarantees and insurance in the euro zone .
For eurozone citizens who do not speak a major language , especially English , mobility across national borders within the single-currency area is limited at best .
While some aspects of culture are becoming globalized , variation across borders in Europe is far greater than it is between US states .
Patients suffering from rare disorders have adopted this approach .
That is bad news for those who believe that US-China cooperation is essential for reviving the global economy , meeting the challenge of climate change , containing threats of nuclear proliferation , and managing a host of other problems without borders .
Given the easy availability of these technologies , their ability to catalyze protest might transcend borders once thought impregnable .
Mikhail Saakashvili remains in power , though a brutal four-day war with Russia in 2008 sharply limited Georgia 's ability to influence events beyond its borders .
JERUSALEM -- Israelis and Palestinians are preparing for a showdown at the United Nations in September , when the Palestinian leadership will ask for recognition of a Palestinian state within the borders that existed before the Six Day War in 1967 -LRB- when Israel seized control of Jordanian-occupied territory -RRB- .
But a sober assessment of what might follow a UN endorsement of Palestine 's borders allows for some cautious optimism .
Drafted with reference to UN Resolution 181 -LRB- which partitioned Palestine in 1947 -RRB- , such a motion would reaffirm the establishment of a Palestinian state and a state for the Jewish people , based on the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed border adjustments and security arrangements .
Worse , given the splintering of rebel forces in the South , where an estimated 80 tribes and clans control their own militias , a military response could generate a power vacuum in Sudan and destabilize the nine countries -- many of them fragile or failed states -- on its borders .
The strategy may work over the short term in winning export orders for British firms from India .
Japan was never formally colonized , but it , too , felt the West 's dominance , at least since the 1850 's , when American ships laden with heavy guns forced the country to open its borders on Western terms .
A firm rejection of the one-party state will also reverberate far beyond Japan 's borders .
As a co-founder of Doctors Without Borders , he stated that `` we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else 's country . ''
Bernard Kouchner , the founder of Doctors Without Borders , wanted the world to intervene in Nigeria in 1970 , because he saw the killing of Ibos by Nigerian troops as a genocidal echo of Auschwitz .
It is true that the Dutch , proud and comfortable inside their narrow borders , have , like the Swiss , often viewed the outside world with a degree of smugness .
In the meantime , the armed forces appear to remain loyal to Kim , willing to carry out his orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war , such as by sinking the South Korean naval ship Cheonan in March and warning of `` powerful nuclear deterrence '' against joint South Korean and American military drills .
The unwavering US position since Dwight Eisenhower 's administration has been that Israel 's borders coincide with those established in 1949 , and , since 1967 , the universally adopted UN Resolution 242 has mandated Israel 's withdrawal from the occupied territories .
Except for mutually agreeable negotiated modifications , Israel 's official pre-1967 borders must be honored .
However , a decision-making body consisting of delegates from Kosovo , Serbia , and the European Union would be given full authority over major foreign policy issues -LRB- for example , alliances and relations with international economic institutions -RRB- , defense , borders -LRB- in case Kosovo wished to join with Albania -RRB- , and the treatment of Kosovo 's Serbian minority .
The Court 's jurisdiction over the crimes in Darfur has been established pursuant to a binding decision of the United Nations Security Council , which means that even states that are not parties to the ICC statute must execute the Court 's orders and warrants .
America can not stem this tide by closing its borders ; but it can regulate the tide by legalizing and humanizing it , and by helping to create conditions in Latin America where life-threatening emigration is not the only way out .
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
Unlocking this secret may help doctors prevent , treat , or eliminate some chronic pain disorders .
McCain , Clinton and Obama support `` comprehensive reform '' -- code words for the ying and yang of managing anti-immigrant sentiment here : give Americans some promises of secure borders and they 'll swallow giving the undocumented a path to citizenship . -LRB- No one mentions in this bargain , that the United States has already spent billions to secure ouitsr borders and nonetheless some 500,000 illegal immigrants a year continue to come , but that 's another story . -RRB-
A Scramble for Asia ? NEW DELHI -- Asia 's festering Cold War-era territorial and maritime disputes highlight the fact that securing long-term region-wide peace depends on respect for existing borders .
Once again , we see that the real terrorist sanctuaries are located not along Pakistan 's borders with Afghanistan and India , but in the Pakistani heartland .
And , while many Parkinson 's patients report significant benefits from DBS , it has shown a greater incidence of serious adverse effects , such as nervous system and psychiatric disorders and a higher suicide rate .
Opiates flow freely across borders into Iran , Pakistan , and other Central Asian countries .
Furthermore , Afghanistan 's neighbors must do more to stop insurgents , weapons , money , and chemical precursors from flowing across their borders into the country .
The tribunal and the local courts imprisoned 13 of those who gave the orders , as well as 17 execution-squad members ; 11 more men , four of them leaders , are facing their reckoning .
Even then , it took much longer than eighteen months to establish viable democratic orders .
They are in fact borders , as they are drawn most dramatically between the parts of what used to be Yugoslavia .
All governments have acquired the habit of using secondary legislation by orders and regulations without parliamentary control .
With capital controls , people who badly want to move their capital across borders ca n't - unless they find some complaisant bureaucrat .
It is hard to imagine that manufacturers are not now postponing orders of capitals goods , and that new home sales in America are not dropping right now .
My principles would start from the observation that market economies and free and democratic societies are built atop a very old foundation of human sociability , communication , and interdependence . That foundation had a hard enough time functioning when human societies had 60 members -- eight orders of magnitude less than our current global society 's six billion .
The `` borders '' between East and West that Ataturk largely abolished in Turkey must not be allowed to form again in the minds of a new generation .
At this point , all of them are under threat of destruction , thanks to the influential voice of the Islamist leader Mullah Fazlullah , whose father-in-law , Sufi Mohammad , founded one of the extremist orders .
The best response to intolerant extremism is to cultivate an open and pluralistic society that treats all those who live within its borders as full citizens .
Of course free trade exists in principle , but there are often important snags at borders and within countries .
What Octavio Paz once called Mexico 's `` labyrinth of solitude '' toward the world beyond its borders was built on a sense of inferiority and a propensity for passivity .
With enough data , we can then figure out that the same `` disease '' is in fact a variety of different disorders , some susceptible to particular known treatments and some susceptible to others or simply incurable .
The CIO also needs to take a serious look at information security -- in conjunction with the CIOs of other countries -LRB- since cybercrime knows no borders -RRB- .
That is the question facing several emerging-market economies , and its impact extends well beyond their borders .
If you look at the new map of Europe , it is obvious where the focus must be : Northwest Russia already shares borders with both the EU and NATO -LRB- a fact often missed by those who argue against `` expanding NATO right up to the borders of Russia '' -RRB- .
On the contrary , expansion takes away the worries - be they real or imagined - that surround the situation of the large Russian-speaking populations that now live outside of Russia but within the borders of the former Soviet Union .
There were always exaggerated claims that bringing in the new members would be a costly affair , just as petty and narrow prejudices blemished the willingness to open up Europe 's borders for `` Polish plumbers . ''
European military effectiveness is also curbed by different procurement policies , as those countries that produce military hardware prefer to keep orders at home .
These antidepressants are not used simply to treat severe clinical depression . They are also widely used to treat social anxiety disorder , post-traumatic stress disorder , generalized anxiety disorder , obsessive-compulsive disorder , eating disorders , sexual compulsions , and premenstrual dysphoric disorder .
Many of these disorders were once thought to be rare , even non-existent .
Better that Russians rely on their own power , develop their own resources , and police their own borders .
During the current financial crisis , which hit Russia right after the war with Georgia last August , the Kremlin and the Duma issued a series of laws and orders that have turned Putin 's authoritarianism into a dictatorship .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
The Saturn model puts the present fierce debate on enlargement and the borders of Europe into a totally different context , because the core countries would no longer find themselves being asked to accept a Europe divided into different classes of member states .
But after the implosion of communism , the situation in Europe was more or less reversed : the defensive demarcation of borders has been replaced by the removal of frontiers across the Continent .
Bernanke does n't take orders from the US president , and King does n't take orders from the British prime minister -LRB- and it 's not even clear who would claim to tell Trichet what to do -RRB- .
The most recent measure of orders for nondefense capital goods signaled a decline in business investment .
The sharp drop in retail sales in the United States and Europe means fewer orders for the goods produced in Chinese factories .
Europe is in for a spell of designer demagogy that thrives in affluence or ennui . But it must be resisted , because domestic peace depends on mutual respect for cultural plurality , because Europe 's changing demographic profile demands more open borders , not a gated continent , and because the new right 's inherent chauvinism is irreconcilable with the EU 's survival and success .
If the EU is divided on an issue lying at its geographic heart -- and at the heart of its interests -- its credibility as a foreign policy actor on matters beyond its borders will suffer dramatically .
The key question is whether the consequences of Iraq 's disintegration could be contained within its national borders , or whether large parts of the region would be affected .
But even if Iraq does fall apart after US withdrawal , it will be of vital importance to contain the consequences of its disintegration within Iraq 's own borders .
The Middle East conference to be held in Annapolis , Maryland should be a forum for final status negotiations between the parties , dealing above all with the establishment of a Palestinian state and its borders -LRB- those of June 1967 , with some negotiated exchanges of territory -RRB- , its capital -LRB- Jerusalem -RRB- , Israeli settlements , and the right of return for Palestinian refugees .
Can he make sufficient concessions on borders and Jerusalem ?
The old Middle East arose from the borders and political identities created by the European powers after the fall of the Ottoman Empire in 1918 .
The emergence of the new Middle East may present an opportunity to establish a regional order that reflects the legitimate interests of all the actors involved , provides secure borders , and replaces hegemonic aspirations with transparency and cooperation .
That Iran -- a country whose president never tires of calling for Israel 's annihilation and that threatens Israel 's northern and southern borders through its massive support of proxy wars waged by Hezbollah and Hamas -- might one day have missiles with nuclear warheads is Israel 's worst security nightmare .
The same is true for free and secret elections and the inviolability of borders .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has now committed himself to a Palestinian state , and the Hamas leadership , which rejects Israel 's right to exist , has agreed to a Palestinian state within the borders prior to June 5 , 1967 .
The country would then have clear , internationally recognized borders , enabling it to end permanently the conflict with its Arab neighbors .
Whether Tunisia becomes a democratic , economic , and social success story or , instead , sees its revolution end in chaos , civil war , and a new authoritarian regime will have consequences far beyond the country 's borders .
Europeans made decisive progress on integration outside the scope of the EU treaties -LRB- but very much in the European spirit -RRB- when they agreed to open their borders with the so-called Schengen Agreement -LRB- today a part of the EU treaties -RRB- .
If you add to this the seizure , on President Bush 's orders , of Iranian `` diplomats '' by US forces in the northern Iraqi town of Erbil , a completely new picture of the President 's plan comes to the fore : the `` new strategy '' does not follow the advice of the Baker-Hamilton report , but harks back to the disastrous strategy of the neo-cons .
Countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give Iran orders ; it 's a case of `` do as I say , not as I do . ''
SAN DIEGO -- Not long ago , autism was among the rarest of disorders , afflicting only one child in every 2,000-5 ,000 .
Before DSM IV , autism was among the most narrowly and clearly defined of disorders .
We knew that Asperger 's would likely triple the rate of autistic disorders to about 1 per 500-1 ,000 , but this does n't explain the new rate of 1 per 38 .
Universities , along with churches , religious orders , guilds , and cities , were the original corporations .
But , while the sense of `` efficiency '' that attracted the mendicant Christian orders , the Dominicans and Franciscans , to staff the original universities was rather different , it is no less relevant today .
The autonomy of these orders rested on a proven long-term ability to do more than expected with what they were given .
Cry , Beloved Burma YANGON -- Religious orders of monks have been the face of Burma ever since Buddhism was introduced here more than 1,000 years ago .
The territorial integrity and sovereignty of Serbia must be preserved in accordance with the United Nations Charter , the 1975 Helsinki Agreement Final Act guaranteeing the boundaries of Europe , and UN Resolution 1244 of 1999 , which guaranteed Serbia 's existing borders .
They must perform household chores and are subject to beating if they do not carry out orders issued by male family members .
The euro demonstrates that century old rivalries among nation states can be overcome and forgotten when citizens can move across borders to do business with one another more easily .
On this assumption , obesity is simply on a continuum of eating disorders with anorexia nervosa , which has been defined as a mental illness .
Opening borders completely could produce gains as high as $ 39 trillion for the world economy over 25 years .
Israelis can not dominate another people and live in a democratic state in keeping with Zionist ideals unless they `` free '' themselves of the territories and aim at the coexistence of two states with recognized borders and good neighborly relations .
Today , with the terrorist attacks along the roads and the insecurity , and tomorrow , with the establishment of a Palestinian state , these settlers will probably want to return to live within Israel 's borders .
Perhaps , in a future of peaceful coexistence and open borders , there could even be Jewish communities with autonomous administrations in the territories , just as there are such Arab communities in Israel now : the Jews that stay on would be foreign residents in the Palestinian state and subject to its laws .
Oceans belong to everyone except those near landmasses , which are managed in a similar manner to the country 's land-bound borders .
A state that is involved in three global regions -LRB- Europe , Central Asia , and the Far East , not to mention the Arctic -RRB- and borders several others can not be considered `` regional . ''
But this can be ruled out in today 's Russia , because the instruments to implement it -- notably an army that would obey orders to mow people down in the streets -- are lacking .
At its core , globalization entails the increasing volume , velocity , and importance of flows -- within and across borders -- of people , ideas , greenhouse gases , goods , dollars , drugs , viruses , emails , weapons , and a good deal else , challenging one of sovereignty 's fundamental principles : the ability to control what crosses borders in either direction .
China clings to a notion of sovereignty that allows governments freedom of action within their borders .
Finally , governments should consider contributing troops to help establish order , train the Iraqi police and military , and help Iraq guard its borders .
Much has been said or written about what `` final status '' or peace between Israel and the Palestinians would look like , but important differences remain regarding borders , the status of Jerusalem and its holy places , the rights of refugees , the future of Israeli settlements , and security arrangements .
What makes a country great is not the size of its territory , population , army , or economy , but how it uses its power to shape the world beyond its borders .
Rising powers can neither insulate nor isolate themselves from what happens beyond their borders .
It is one thing to modify the behavior of a state beyond its borders , but quite another to alter what takes place within another country 's territory .
As for the future , it is much more likely to be defined by the United States ' need to put its economic house in order ; China 's trajectory within and beyond its borders ; and the ability of the world 's governments to cooperate on restoring economic growth , stemming the spread of nuclear weapons , and meeting energy and environmental challenges .
Borders have been made more secure and societies more resilient .
Dependent marijuana users are more likely to experience road and workplace accidents -LRB- if they drive or work while intoxicated -RRB- ; increased respiratory disease -LRB- if they smoke marijuana -RRB- ; exacerbations of some serious mental disorders ; and impaired school and work performance .
Customers will have to change their payment orders and habits just because harmonization has become an end in itself for many in the EU .
Unlike countries such as Mexico , Sweden or Austria , which are not members of NATO but have common borders with it , Russia -- which is much larger and more powerful than all of the Alliance 's other neighbors combined -- is consistently disquieted by NATO 's presence and is rather displeased to see it enlarge eastwards .
Russia , I believe , should clearly say -- and the international community should clearly say to Russia -- that it has defined borders that will not be questioned , because disputed borders lie at the core of most conflicts and wars .
Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans , who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys .
An overwhelming number of Burma 's Buddhist monks have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments ' efforts to corrupt their monastic orders , and to misuse the example of the monks ' self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers .
Given how central the values of human rights , democracy and the rule of law are in Europe , we feel it is our obligation to speak out against such injustices continuing unchecked . Less than twenty years ago there were political prisoners on the EU 's borders who were denied the basic rights of freedom of speech and expression , lived in constant fear of being denounced and dreamed about enjoying what Europeans in the ` West ' took for granted .
Thus , all current and former political prisoners , about 500,000 Buddhist monks , and more than twice as many members of ethnic minority groups living close to the borders were banned from the vote .
But it did , and , in the wake of the Korean War , that line would become -- and remain -- one of the most heavily fortified borders on earth .
So , when the reporting of US correspondents borders on cheerleading -LRB- a relatively common occurrence -RRB- , the perception that America is masterminding events is given fresh impetus .
Instead , Netanyahu took the opportunity of Obama 's address to emphasize his own well-documented opposition to a two-state solution based on a return to the pre-1967 borders .
He chose not to address either the issue of using those borders as a starting point for negotiations , or Obama 's idea of land swaps -LRB- a very common element of international peace negotiations -RRB- as the means to get from that starting point to the end game .
The elements of an eventual settlement have been known for years : the creation of a viable Palestinian state -- a goal endorsed by the last two US presidents -- together with secure borders for Israel , some arrangement on Jerusalem , and an economic package .
This foray into the uncanny is as close as most people come to experiencing auditory hallucinations or `` hearing voices , '' a condition that affects 70 % of patients with schizophrenia and 15 % of patients with mood disorders such as mania or depression .
But hearing voices is not necessarily a sign of mental illness , so understanding the mechanics of auditory hallucinations is crucial to understanding schizophrenia and related disorders .
· Fourth , in exchange for an iron-clad US security guarantee , Israel should pull all settlers from the zones where their lives remain hideously insecure , to the 1967 borders , and a viable Palestinian state should be created , perhaps with an international protectorate in East Jerusalem .
Think of the 15 million Chinese displaced following the Sichuan earthquake , the more than two million Iraqis uprooted within their country 's borders by sectarian and other violence , the 2.4 million displaced in Darfur , or the hundreds of thousands who have fled Mogadishu in the last year .
Depressive mental disorders also have been known for as long as written records have been kept .
Depressive disorders differed from normal reactions because they either arose in the absence of situations that would normally produce sadness or were of disproportionate magnitude or duration relative to whatever cause provoked them .
The distinction between contextually appropriate sadness and depressive disorders remained largely unchanged for two and a half millennia .
All conditions that display five or more of nine symptoms -- including low mood , lack of pleasure , sleep and appetite difficulties , inability to concentrate , and fatigue -- over a two-week period are now considered depressive disorders .
Symptoms otherwise meeting the DSM criteria are not considered disorders if they arise after the death of an intimate , do not last more than two months , and do not include certain particularly severe symptoms .
Yet , comparable symptoms that arise after , say , dissolution of a romantic relationship , loss of a job , or diagnosis of a life-threatening illness are not excluded from diagnosis of disorders .
Parents whose child is seriously ill , spouses who discover their partners ' extramarital affairs , or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria .
Although the precise nature of the disease 's transmission remains uncertain , a key event in these disorders is the conversion of the prion protein 's normal cells to an abnormal form that appears to be the major -LRB- if not the sole -RRB- component of the infection .
Subsequent epidemiological studies in the NCJDSU indicate that individuals with variant CJD are likely to have consumed more meat products than control patients , further supporting a link between these disorders .
Capital and know-how flows across borders , so traditional bilateral trade flows have been replaced by a complex web of international commercial relations .
America 's Democrats continue to argue for complete withdrawal of United States forces from Iraq within 18 months , despite the fact that no rational observer believes that Iraqi forces will by then be able to secure Iraq 's borders and face down the country 's numerous militias , which remain armed to the teeth .
First , big public sector action is needed . Second , such action is complicated because in a globalized world the need for assistance spans borders .
Similarly , though China remains fundamentally dissatisfied with its southern land borders and its sea borders to the east and southeast , its current leaders fear that isolation would result from an assertive and aggressive foreign policy .
The SCO 's original purpose was to mitigate tensions on the borders of China and the Central Asian countries after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the arrival of the United States military with the war in Afghanistan .
Undoubtedly , the US will try to build closer ties with Indonesia through greater military cooperation , because Indonesia borders the region 's key sea lines of communications .
By granting him political asylum , we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within Europe 's borders .
NATO 's expansion towards Russia 's own borders , and the membership of countries whose elites have historical complexes in regard to Russia , increased anti-Russian sentiment inside the alliance .
Non-Russian Europe should thank the Almighty for the presence of energy-rich Russia at its borders , while Russia should be thankful for having such wealthy customers .
The leadership of the second East Turkestan Republic was presumably murdered on Stalin 's orders , when the plane carrying it to Beijing for talks allegedly crashed in Soviet airspace .
The concept of a decentralized religious establishment is difficult for Westerners to understand , given the highly structured administrative framework of Christian churches and ecclesiastical orders .
'' -LRB- military and intelligence -RRB- operations outside the country are taking place without the government 's knowledge or orders ... Only after an airplane is hijacked are we made aware of it .
The next wave of NATO expansion promises to lap onto Russia 's border and indeed surpass the old Soviet borders by taking in the Baltic states .
Instead of Russia 's borders draining his country 's economy , he envisions Russia as a transit point between east and west , and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment Russia makes .
For eight years , he carried out silovik orders , combining the role of Kremlin gray cardinal with treasurer of the main source of silovik power , the chairmanship of state-owned energy giant Gazprom .
But to greet the elegant and popular President-elect Barack Obama with threats to station missiles on Europe 's borders , as Medvedev did the day after America 's presidential election , exposed before the world the Kremlin 's ham-handed ways once again .
On top of all this , we face a new generation of threats , unlike any in history , which spill across borders and have global reach .
The Road to Nuclear Disarmament NEW YORK -- Weapons of mass destruction and disarmament form one of the gravest challenges facing the world . One of my priorities as United Nations Secretary-General is to promote global public goods and remedies to challenges that do not respect borders .
Second , these financial rescue and assistance packages can not stop at the borders of the richest countries .
But other North Koreans in Iran do not take their marching orders from the embassy , and they are of three types .
The EU 's commitment to bringing the region within its borders remains firm .
The case for partition is historical as well : these districts were part of Serbia until Tito redrew Yugoslavia 's internal borders in the 1950 's .
But these countries ' territorial integrity and international borders , unlike Kosovo 's , have been settled and recognized around the world for 15 years .
Finally a ceasefire must be supported by round-the-clock negotiations -LRB- preferably in secret with top-level US involvement -RRB- aimed at ending the basic reason for the violence -- the occupation of the Palestinian areas -- and determining the issues of borders , settlements , refugees , and Jerusalem .
Backed by a reasonable Arab peace plan , they will insist that there is already a worldwide consensus on restoring the 1967 borders -LRB- with mutual adjustments of equal size and quality -RRB- , the need for a fair agreement on dealing with refugees , and a formula to share Jerusalem .
Shortly after redeploying to the borders of Gaza , Israel severely restricted ties between Gaza and the West Bank , as well as the movement of goods in or out of Gaza .
Meanwhile , the Arab peace proposal , which calls for a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders and a fair solution to the refugee problem in exchange for normalization of Arab states ' relations with Israel , appears doomed .
For Palestinians , the return to talks , albeit indirect , is focused on one strategic issue : borders .
The idea , a new one , aims at getting the Israelis and Palestinians to agree to the borders of the Palestinian state that both sides and the rest of the world have said is the way out of the decades-old conflict .
But a return to the 1967 borders would mean that large settlement blocks -- as well as smaller settlements and East Jerusalem -- would be part of the Palestinians state .
Unfortunately , therefore , the indirect negotiations now being launched are unlikely to produce any tangible result on the borders of the Palestinian state . Indeed , to expect such results by the proposed four-month deadline is highly implausible .
By focusing on the need to reach agreements on borders within a short time period , Palestinians are saying that they do not see any need to negotiate gradual steps , preferring to agree on the final settlement first and then work back on issues of implementation .
For Palestinians , the first step in real peace talks must include some accord on the basic issues of borders and security .
Negotiators have parsed every possible solution to the permanent-status issues of Jerusalem , borders , settlements , refugees , and economic relations .
The Obama administration staked its reputation on getting Israelis and Palestinians to agree at least on security and borders .
Palestinians complied with all Israeli and international requirements for security , while Binyamin Netanyahu 's Israeli government , which gives lip-service to the two-state solution , has yet to elucidate where Israel 's borders will be .
Almost every learned pundit , expert , or politician in the Middle East and around the world knows pretty much what a solution to the conflict would look like -- a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders with slight land swaps and an equitable negotiated solution of the Palestinian refugee issue .
`` The borders of Israel and Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed swaps , so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states , '' he said in May .
Once again , Palestinians accepted Obama 's formula , while Netanyahu publicly rejected it , leaving Palestinians with no other nonviolent alternative but to go to the UN to seek a state based on the 1967 borders .
But if left to Israelis and Palestinians alone , the goal of Palestinian independence within the 1967 borders of Palestine will most likely remain out of reach .
These eye-popping statistics have sparked a widespread , sometimes rancorous debate about whether people are taking far more medication than is needed for problems that may not even be mental disorders .
To help settle this long-standing dispute , I studied why the number of recognized psychiatric disorders has ballooned so dramatically in recent decades .
In 1980 , the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders added 112 new mental disorders to its third edition -LRB- DSM-III -RRB- .
Fifty-eight more disorders appeared in the revised third -LRB- 1987 -RRB- and fourth -LRB- 1994 -RRB- editions .
Incredibly , the lists of symptoms for some disorders were knocked out in minutes .
Social phobia -LRB- later dubbed `` social anxiety disorder '' -RRB- was one of seven new anxiety disorders created in 1980 .
But there is fierce resistance to this by those who say they are fighting grave mental disorders , for which medication is the only viable treatment .
These orders of magnitude require metaphors and repetition , but they serve as crucial concepts in our world , especially in cosmology and in evolutionary biology .
The Case for Opening Europe 's Borders It is time for Europe 's politicians to admit to voters that governments can not stop people moving across borders .
If open borders are not politically feasible for now , our leaders should at least create a legal route for people from developing countries to enter and work .
Sustained work-related stress is also an important determinant of depressive disorders - the fourth-largest cause of disease world-wide .
As they pursue growth opportunities abroad and are encouraged by improved polices at home , emerging-market corporations will play an increasingly prominent role in global business and cross-border investment , while large pools of capital within their borders will allow emerging economies to become key players in financial markets .
It may also have been behind Russia 's irrational decision to renege on its promise to give Poland the files that document the massacre of thousands of Polish officers on Stalin 's orders in the forest at Katyn at the outbreak of WWII .
The third solution we recommend is very cheap , and has the most benefits related to costs : Latin American countries need to make it cheaper and easier to move goods across national borders . This means change both at borders and within countries .
It is also realistic in not even trying to defend Iraq 's borders against American air power .
But the urban poor , faced with bad housing , limited infrastructure , and meager services , are vulnerable to epidemics , malnutrition-based childhood diseases , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis , and mental disorders .
A second generic feature of emerging-market cities is that dense concentrations of poverty help create fragile environments that spawn civil disorders , resulting in death and injuries .
Or did the pattern of abuse amount to so many orders from superiors to `` soften up '' prisoners for interrogation ?
Mortgage assets and leveraged loans created in huckster shops , carved up and buried in `` CDO squareds '' -LRB- securitizations wrapped in other securitizations -RRB- , and characterized by progressively more obscure , more contingent , and more complex orders of priority for allocating cash flows have no place in capital markets .
We now know that it atrophies in a number of psychiatric disorders .
Because the remodeling of neurons by stress is reversible , researchers now believe that chronic anxiety disorders and depression represent a lack of resilience , or spontaneous recovery , in susceptible individuals .
Developmental influences involving the quality of parenting and acquisition of attachment have a powerful influence on subsequent stress vulnerability during the rest of our lives -- for example , abuse and neglect in childhood increase our vulnerability to physical and mental disorders , including obesity , cardiovascular disease , depression , post-traumatic stress disorder , substance abuse , and antisocial behavior .
Although many states now hide behind an alleged universal principle of inviolable state sovereignty , for example , would the international community really want to go back to the old model where states did whatever they wanted to their citizens within the confines of their own borders ?
Since then , it has participated in UN and NATO peace missions , and it has settled its borders with all its neighbors .
This is why today 's most contentious borders separate economies where the income gaps between people on the two sides are the greatest .
There are four such global hot spots : the borders between the US and Mexico , Spain and Morocco , Greece -LRB- and Italy -RRB- and the southern Balkans , and Indonesia and Singapore -LRB- or Malaysia -RRB- .
Other vital issues do n't respect borders .
The EU can not reduce carbon emissions within its borders if it does not cooperate with Ukraine and Russia : carbon dioxide emissions per capita in these two countries rival that of many West European states , even though their per capita income is 15 to 30 times lower .
The EU will also have to devise policies governing the movement of goods and people across its new borders .
Porous before expansion , these borders must now constrain illegal migration and repel criminal activity .
But these countries are unlikely to heed EU demands for open economies and societies if EU borders and EU policies block the free movement of goods , services and people .
Yet , between all-out containment , which is very unlikely and not necessarily desirable or realistic , and accommodation which borders on appeasement , which would be dangerous for Europe 's future , a third way , based on a few firm principles , must be found .
The 2003 World Press Freedom report put out by the group Reporters without Borders ranks China 161st among 166 nations , somewhere between Iran and North Korea .
Party officials do n't hover over each step of the process , and virtually no cutting of completed products is carried out on Party orders .
Yet opponents of the idea of `` Muslim democracy '' argue that European Catholics only turned to democracy under orders from the Vatican , and that since Muslims do not have anything like a Church hierarchy , Christian Democracy is an irrelevant example .
The US is the largest source of greenhouse gases , but three quarters of the sources originate outside its borders .
These flexible groups are particularly effective in penetrating states without regard to borders .
In addition to Human Rights Watch , other NGO 's such as Transparency International , Oxfam , and Doctors without Borders have undergone exponential growth in terms of mainstream media mentions .
Yet they tend to pluralize world politics by calling attention to issues that governments prefer to ignore , and by acting as pressure groups across borders .
Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing , police work across borders , tracing financial flows , and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat .
The bottom board includes transnational relations that cross borders outside the control of governments -- everything from drugs to infectious diseases to climate change to transnational terrorism .
And when bureaucrats continually thwarted his orders , he used glasnost , or open discussion and democratization .
Even neighbors with low tariff barriers , like Canada and the United States , trade more internally than across borders .
Borders will become harder to cross for both people and goods .
Similarly , China , with its focus on economic growth , fears that a collapse of the North Korean regime would threaten stability on its borders .
Maintaining regional balances of power and dampening local incentives to use force to change borders provides a public good for many -LRB- but not all -RRB- countries .
The bottom chessboard is the realm of transnational relations that cross borders outside of government control .
And , in a world where borders are becoming increasingly porous to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , America must mobilize international coalitions to address shared threats and challenges .
In a networked world , leadership is more like being in the middle of the circle and attracting others than being `` king of the mountain '' and issuing orders to subordinates down below .
The bottom chessboard is the realm of transnational relations that cross borders beyond government control .
Even more important , the information revolution is creating virtual communities and networks that cut across national borders , and transnational corporations and non-governmental actors - terrorists included - will play larger roles .
In a world where borders are becoming more porous than ever to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , Americans will be forced to work with other countries beyond their borders .
The North Koreans have violated their agreements , knowing that China , the country with the greatest potential leverage , is most concerned about regime collapse in North Korea , and thus the threat of chaos on its borders .
A year later , at a Cairo conference that negotiated borders in the region , he changed to a British officer 's uniform as he engaged in hard transactional bargaining .
Korean popular culture has also crossed borders , particularly among younger people in neighboring Asian countries , while the impressive success of the Korean diaspora in the US has further enhanced the attractiveness of the culture and country from which they came .
With its current levels of immigration , America is one of the few developed countries that may avoid demographic decline and keep its share of world population , but this might change if reactions to terrorist events or public xenophobia closed the borders .
Transnational terrorism can only be confronted by close civilian cooperation such as intelligence sharing , police work across borders , and tracing financial flows .
Many spend their days lying in bed , where they develop major health problems including bedsores , muscle atrophy , spinal deformities , and breathing disorders .
Hungary played a special role in the collapse of Communism , accelerating the process by opening its borders for East German refugees .
If our faith is strong enough , we can survive this crisis without destroying what we have built together by opening our borders , destroying the Wall , unifying Germany , and completing our democratic transitions .
It aspires to join the European Union , and would bring the EU to our three borders , even as we , too , aspire to join one day .
The Caucasus is too small a space for closed borders and explosive conflicts .
Above all , to be `` strong , '' you 're supposed to be giving orders .
A Palestinian state within the 1967 borders , adjusted by agreement through mutual land swaps .
Presumably , Blair is not proposing to the Palestinians the creation of a state before an agreement is reached on final borders .
Any Palestinian state should be within the 1967 borders -LRB- as adjusted through negotiation -RRB- .
The best example of this is energy policy and Russia , which wants a sphere of influence around its borders .
But less familiar effects of global warming -- namely , serious human medical disorders -- are no less worrisome .
These disorders are projected to become increasingly prevalent because cold weather limits mosquitoes to seasons and regions with certain minimum temperatures .
It would reverse the pattern whereby Europe relies on repressive regimes to supply it with oil and gas and guard its borders against migrants .
Who then will stop their advance towards Russia 's southern borders from Afghanistan and Central Asia ?
China 's territorial claims on Russia are often noted in Chinese grade school geography textbooks , which include a number of Russian Far Eastern regions within China 's borders .
According to Chinese theorists , the `` vital space '' of great powers extends far beyond a state 's borders , whereas the `` vital space '' of weak countries is limited to strategic boundaries that do not always correspond to the borders of their national territory .
No nation threatens China 's land borders .
Another indirect indication of an ongoing struggle is the uncertain behavior of the Russian military in Georgia , which apparently is the result of contradictory orders from the Kremlin .
The former remains wedded to its phantom imperial illusions about a `` zone of privileged interests '' extending far beyond Russia 's borders , while the latter , starting with Kadyrov , rule as independent autocrats happy to accept handouts from the Russian state budget .
But importing well-designed laws from outside a country 's borders did n't begin with communism 's fall .
Calley always claimed that he was following orders .
One is that they intervene directly in markets , both domestic and across borders , to reduce competition and volatility while they rebuild their buffering capacity .
If such a situation were to occur , ownership of oil assets abroad would most likely become worthless , as each country would only get to use oil produced within its political borders -LRB- or within nearby borders that could be invaded -RRB- .
The fallout from Bhutto 's assassination was bound to reach beyond Pakistan 's borders .
Strengthening IMF Surveillance In today 's globalized economy , one country 's economic and financial policies can reverberate far beyond its borders .
Nowadays , more and more problems are being redefined as `` disorders '' or `` illnesses , '' supposedly caused by genetic predispositions and biochemical imbalances .
Our Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders has 886 pages of such illnesses .
The pharmaceutical industry , fueled by our desire for quick fixes , has effectively deployed its considerable power to promulgate the notion of `` disorders '' and `` illnesses '' in all domains of our lives .
Kouchner , the co-founder of the relief group Doctors Without Borders , who later split with the organization to found a second humanitarian organization , Doctors of the World , and who ran Kosovo as a United Nations protectorate after NATO 's war with Serbia in 1999 , is now 67 .
Where the Red Cross view , adopted by Kouchner 's former colleagues at Doctors Without Borders , insists that humanitarian action is a vital but limited activity that can be coherent and effective only if it understands its limitations , the Kouchner view is that humanitarian action can be a lever for changing the world .
In practical terms , whereas the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders believe in neutrality and remain skeptical of the motives of outside states that might intervene , Kouchner 's view is that humanitarian action should be understood as part of what the Canadian writer-politician Michael Ignatieff calls a `` revolution of concern . ''
Both the Palestinians and the Israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead : For the Palestinians , the anger about individual events -- the civilian casualties , injuries and destruction in Gaza following from military attacks , the blockade , the continued construction of the Wall outside of the 1967 borders -- feed into an underlying anger about the continuing Israeli occupation , its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination .
CAMBRIDGE -- Thirty years ago , China had a tiny footprint on the global economy and little influence outside its borders , save for a few countries with which it had close political and military relationships .
Regulatory diversity is indeed costly for bankers , who would have to adjust to differences in regulations across national borders .
Similarly , in case of bankruptcy , federal laws and courts readily adjudicate claims among creditors , and do so without regard to state borders .
Whether the doctrine 's authors really believe that NATO poses a threat to Russia is not clear , as the country has not had such peaceable neighbors on its Western borders for more than 300 years .
Indeed , the latest data from Germany -- declining exports , falling factory orders , anemic industrial-production growth , and a slide in investors ' confidence -- suggest that the slowdown has started .
Nor did the Court 's decision address the borders of an independent Kosovo , or whether and under what circumstances force could legally be used either to impose independence or to resist it .
Today , Turkey is following a policy that represents a sense of justice in the Middle East , and is working toward the removal of artificial borders and walls among the region 's peoples .
While demanding an Israeli withdrawal for years , the Palestinian leadership opposes Sharon 's plan , arguing it is intended to create permanent borders .
From a security standpoint , the occupied territories constituted critical terrain for defending Israel against an attack on its borders by Arab states ' armies .
They know that communications transcend borders , and that a single news story , handled skillfully , can be as damaging to our cause -- and as helpful to theirs -- as any military attack .
In other words , quibbling over details should come after both sides agree on the principle of respect for the pre-1967 borders , which are recognized by key countries throughout the region and around the world , and are enshrined in numerous UN resolutions .
Compromise based on the pre-1967 borders is the way to peace .
Until Israel agrees to return to the 1967 borders with minor modifications , and to end its political control over millions of West Bank Arabs , unrest will continue .
Israel will not be able to avoid territorial withdrawals to the 1967 borders by exercising its military might ; the US will not be able to ensure oil security through continued military occupation in the Middle East ; and terrorists will not be able to destroy Israel or foist their fundamentalist ideas by force on moderate societies .
Israel 's neighbors will make peace on the basis of fair borders and fair play .
In response , Israel sealed Gaza 's borders , making life even more unbearable in a place wracked by violence , poverty , and despair .
For 40 years , since the Six-Day War of 1967 , there has been one realistic possibility for peace : Israel 's return to its pre-1967 borders , combined with viable economic conditions for a Palestinian state , including access to trade routes , water supplies , and other essential needs .
With small and mutually acceptable adjustments to those borders , these terms would enable peaceful co-existence of two states side by side .
For the past ten years , the greatest practical barrier to peace has been Israel 's failure to carry out any true withdrawal to its 1967 borders , owing to the political weight of hundreds of thousands of settlers in the West Bank and the religious and secular communities that support them .
Then , after Hamas won , the US and Israel immediately orchestrated a cutoff of finances to the newly elected government , including even Israel 's transfer of Palestine 's own customs revenues , which Israel collects as the occupying authority in control of the borders .
Although Israel formally withdrew from Gaza , its complete control over the borders , infrastructure , transport , and taxation , together with its regular military incursions in response to shelling from Gaza and its killings and capture of senior Hamas officials , left Palestinians there desperate .
Kibaki 's opponents took to the streets , the government issued shoot-to-kill orders , and hundreds have died at the hands of the police as well as from gang rampages and inter-ethnic violence .
Japan , with a surplus of saving , a strong currency , massive foreign exchange reserves , and factories without domestic orders , should take the lead in providing this funding for infrastructure .
The speech drew the most attention for calling on Israel to return to its 1967 borders , but the effect was undercut when Israel flatly rejected the US position .
Climate change , infectious diseases , terrorism , and other ills that can easily cross borders demand a similar global response .
This is plausible , since neighbors are the biggest direct losers when instability spills across borders .
For them , Israel 's pre-1967 borders , the entire city of Jerusalem , and the West Bank of the Jordan River is land given to the Jewish people by God .
Large majorities on both sides -- perhaps two-thirds or even three-fourths of each population -- would accept a return by Israel to something like its pre-1967 borders in exchange for real peace .
If Israel returns to its pre-1967 borders , only to find continuing hostility and terrorism among the Palestinians , Israel will have gravely weakened its security for nothing .
The Roadmap to Peace can work only if both sides are pressed to a real compromise , whose outline is clear : Israel 's return to something like its pre-1967 borders ; financial compensation of Palestinians for losses of land in Israel , rather than a right to return ; and Jerusalem as a shared capital .
Both the ICD classification of mental disorders , and its American counterpart , the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM -RRB- efforts have taken pains to make diagnostic classification accountable as examples of public policy .
The reasons for this stem from the nature of mental disorders themselves .
Because of this `` self-illness '' ambiguity , mental disorders are linked with personal values , belief systems , and interests in ways that are distinct from physical diseases .
Physical symptoms are almost never positively valued , but some symptoms of mental disorders typically are .
Both Lebanon and Iraq comprise ancient communities living within the borders of states outlined in the 20th century .
Liberia 's progress has significance well beyond its immediate borders and those of its neighbors in West Africa .
Bankers without Borders
Nonetheless , given the relatively favorable outlook for cross-border banking , Western banks ' presence in emerging markets could strengthen further , while banks domiciled in these regions might start looking beyond national borders .
During the fighting in Gaza , he publicly demanded a halt to the warfare and requested that Israel open Gaza 's borders to relief aid .
Twenty years ago , the Berlin Wall came down , triggering a seismic shift that moved the borders of the old Federal Republic and of Western Europe as a whole , hundreds of miles to the east .
The multiple insurgencies that developed in Iraq in 2003 and 2004 were supported at least in part by money , materiel , and fighters from abroad . Suicide bombers from all over the Arab world crossed into the country through the porous Syrian and Jordanian borders .
Regional governments may not have openly supported the insurgents , but they clearly avoided cracking down on the jihadist groups operating within their borders .
Frightened governments in the region realized that the type of violence occurring almost daily in Iraq was starting to spill across the country 's borders .
Global , because the array of services that natural ecosystems provide , such as clean air and fresh water , benefit people far beyond national borders .
As most of today 's financial , environmental , or sanitary crises are unpredictable and ignore borders , it is in everyone 's interest to create a global `` social safety net '' that will span an indefinite period of time .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
Just as we obey our leaders ' orders to fight and die because we trust their judgment , we entrust our careers and our money to those who run Citigroup and Goldman Sachs and other such banks , because we believe their leaders will be fair to their employees and clients , and honorable in their business practices .
Yet the wall and the second phase of the roadmap , which calls for a Palestinian state with provisional borders , can not co-exist .
Initially aimed at creating a security fence along the green line , the 1967 borders of Israel , it has gradually stretched across that would-be boundary , confiscating Palestinian land and amounting to a de facto annexation of a large part of the West Bank .
This is because the second phase , which still has to be achieved , calls for a Palestinian state with contiguous but provisional borders .
Permanent status negotiations , dealing with all the major issues of the conflict -- including refugees , Jerusalem , settlement , security , water , and , of course , the permanent borders of the Palestinian state -- are scheduled to be completed by the end of 2005 , while Ariel Sharon is still slated to be Prime Minister .
People used to feel insulated from economic problems that occurred beyond their country 's borders .
As a general principle of foreign policy , China believes that national borders are sacrosanct .
With its long borders with Russia , China knows it would have much to regret if a new , oil-fired Russian empire appeared on its doorstep .
The US remains the world 's most powerful state , however , and the senators ' decision will inevitably have an impact beyond their country 's borders .
While we in Poland do not perceive an immediate military threat from Russia , most of the world 's active tactical or sub-strategic nuclear weapons today seem to be deployed just east of Poland 's borders , in speculative preparation for conflict in Europe .
Likewise , South Sudan 's peaceful , and internationally supported , separation from Sudan has not led to new calls for Africa 's borders to be redrawn .
The biggest impact that Obama can make , however , is beyond America 's borders .
Many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people , instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby Malta , so Qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders .
Even while trade expands , China is attempting to confine India within greatly foreshortened land and sea borders through its so-called `` string of pearls policy . ''
This immigration is not an invasioni barbariche , as Italians refer to the Völkerwanderung , although the orders of magnitude are comparable .
With refugees spilling over borders , pirates hijacking ships , and terrorists finding shelter , it is clear that , although Africa 's solutions are its own , its problems are not .
Without more fully restoring the health of financial and household balance sheets , a worsening of public debt sustainability could be transmitted back to banking system or across borders .
The truth is that it is not fear of government bankruptcy , but governments ' determination to balance the books , that is reducing business confidence by lowering expectations of employment , incomes , and orders .
The US must accept this principle , and recognize that Europe is a partner , not merely a servant , whether willing or unwilling , of American orders .
From Kabul to Pristina , from Ramallah to Kinshasa , the EU is monitoring borders , overseeing peace agreements , training police forces , building up criminal justice systems and protecting shipping from pirate attacks .
Maintaining our economy requires migration and open EU borders -- and facing down the populist movements in Europe that would shun `` outsiders . ''
In the time of the Soviet Union , the KGB would have indicted these anti-Putin dissidents for mental disorders .
According to the European security document adopted in 2003 , `` It is in the interest of the European Union to promote a ring of well-governed countries on its borders with whom it can enjoy close and cooperative relations . ''
The defining characteristic of the countries on the Eastern and Southern borders of Europe is that they lack many attributes needed for membership .
But it can set an example , both within its own borders and beyond .
What is needed now is a comprehensive European strategy to address Roma issues across borders .
But the fullest possible information in executing trades is a necessary condition : hence the imposition of pre-trade -LRB- posting orders and prices -RRB- and post-trade transparency for intermediaries trading on their own account with retail investors - a requirement that has been firmly opposed by all the states where the relevant `` internalizers '' reside .
But South Africa 's aspiration to play a dynamic role beyond its borders is proving increasingly difficult , primarily because the regional environment -- indeed , the continental environment -- is not hospitable , defying the best efforts of Mbeki 's government to produce meaningful and sustained political and economic change .
The Berlin Conference of 1885 fixed the borders of Europe 's African colonies so that they included within them a large variety of languages , religions , and ethnic groups .
The legacy of arbitrarily drawn borders and limited political centralization meant that in many SSA countries remnants of the colonial experience continue to play a big role in defining the institutional landscape , such as the civil service and public administration , educational system , and economic infrastructure .
He gave astounding orders to soldiers departing to suppress the Boxer Rebellion in China : they should awaken fear as had the Huns of yore .
If Mauritius can afford these things , America and Europe -- which are several orders of magnitude richer -- can , too .
But the real problem stems from another form of contagion : bad ideas move easily across borders , and misguided economic notions on both sides of the Atlantic have been reinforcing each other .
That war of choice quickly became very expensive -- orders of magnitude beyond the $ 60 billion claimed at the beginning -- as colossal incompetence met dishonest misrepresentation .
Globalization and modern technology now enables social movements to transcend borders as rapidly as ideas can .
European enlargement , creating large numbers of lower-wage workers at Germany 's borders , will pose new challenges .
If they were not following precise orders , they were at least responding to vague pro forma instructions from the top : do n't do anything illegal , just maximize profits .
Every government has the right -- indeed , the obligation -- to ensure that there is competition within their borders .
Not only must they contend with the prospect of falling exports and confidence ; they also are the latest victims of a financial crisis that started in the United States , traveled to Europe , and now has swept across their borders .
But Mao kept sending them contradictory orders ; the result was that they could neither fight nor retreat .
But the mainstream reaction has been much more fearful : media and politicians throughout the European Union are obsessing about the threat of waves of migrants reaching their borders .
Retail banking , however , remains segmented by national borders , so that households and smaller producers have not been much affected .
Not likely . Thus clear principles are needed , as neither self-determination nor the inviolability of national borders can be treated as sacrosanct in every case .
But , proxy war or not , this almost unprecedented redrawing of Africa 's colonial borders -LRB- Eritrea two decades ago was the last example -RRB- could have profound consequences for the continent 's future .
After all , China supplied much of Pakistan 's nuclear-weapons technology and beat India in a 1962 war ; their borders remain disputed in places .
Whatever this plan 's impact in practice , the political message is clear : when in doubt , Europe is better off sealing its borders .
Second , at a time when economic globalization is rendering national borders porous , political leaders may get carried away by their rhetoric of independence .
Eyeball to Eyeball at the Top of the World NEW DELHI - -- When a foreign minister goes out of his way to assure reporters that there is no tension on his country 's borders with a powerful neighbor , the logical tendency is to wonder whether `` the lady doth protest too much . ''
India 's borders were defined by British imperial administrators in 1913 -- the MacMahon Line , which China rejects -LRB- though it accepts that line as its frontier with Burma , which was then part of British India -RRB- .
Needling an eager-to-please India on its troubled northern borders helps China to keep India guessing about its intentions , exposes the giant democracy 's vulnerabilities in an election year , and cuts a potential strategic rival down to size .
Israel is a small country living in a permanent state of siege , highly security-conscious and surrounded by forces hostile to it ; India is a giant country whose borders are notoriously permeable , an open society known for its lax and easy-going ways .
There is also the strategic imperative of not ceding ground to India 's enemies on its own borders .
The Egyptian high command did not need to worry that rank-and-file soldiers would disobey orders , because they were protecting the citizenry .
Meanwhile , the Communists took whatever food they could find , as one peasant remembered , `` down to the last little grain , '' and in early 1933 the borders of Soviet Ukraine were sealed so that the starving could not seek help .
His orders list 17 state-owned companies and the powerful ministers and deputy prime ministers to be removed from board chairmanships by July 1 -LRB- he promised a longer list by October 1 -RRB- .
Therefore , it matters whether the new board chairs run their boards independently or according to the Kremlin 's orders .
Every person living in Ukraine is forced to believe in three great falsehoods : the first consists of the assumption that all of today 's humiliating disorders - economic collapse , poverty , unemployment - are natural consequences of our postcommunist transition .
Economic borders can not and will not disappear until Russia and Ukraine agree on their territorial borders .
Now , more than ever , we must believe this , for Russian troops wearing Ukrainian uniforms have entered our country , because Ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy .
They then tried to force the Ukrainian people to swallow this sham -- threatening to ban public gatherings , close our borders to new visa seekers , and silence any word of our protests on television .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
Consider the following proposed new disorders :
Those diagnosed with this condition would be more likely to be treated with potent drugs , though most never develop a psychotic disorder -- setting a precedent for confusing risk factors with actual disorders .
All the above categories encompass some genuine disorders .
Normal individuals often need and deserve help , but the decision as to the kind of help they get should not be biased by incorrect labeling of their conditions as mental disorders that suggest something is internally wrong with them .
Whereas the main distinction in Nineteen Eighty-Four is between rulers and ruled , in Brave New World , people are divided into different social orders defined by disparate tastes and lifestyles .
It boosted competition and innovation for professional traders and encouraged institutional market players , in particular , to trade across EU borders .
Clinton has described today 's major global challenge for her country as being the improvement of communication across borders and at all levels of society , evidently everywhere .
The lax regimes on Russia 's borders with the former Soviet republics of Central Asia facilitate the smuggling of narcotics and other contraband .
Unlike debriefing , there is overwhelming evidence that some talking treatments , such as cognitive therapy or cognitive behavior therapy , is effective when applied to disorders such as depression , panic disorder or post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- .
If Western Europe took a leaf from the US , it would be more peaceful within its own borders and better able to use the talents and leadership of its Turkish , Algerian , Caribbean , and other immigrants . Only then would we see a British , French , Dutch , or German Obama .
Barack Obama 's Missing Freedom Agenda On his second full day in office , President Barack Obama made a major gesture toward restoring the Constitution and the rule of law by signing two executive orders : one closed the prison at Guantánamo Bay , and the other restored America to the company of civilized nations by closing so-called `` black sites '' that facilitated state-sanctioned torture .
There is a speech that we still need to hear , detailing five tasks that , in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration , he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders .
With open borders , Hamas would secure its regime in Gaza and build its popularity in the West Bank , putting enormous pressure on Abbas , the leader of the rival Fatah movement , to accept a national unity government on terms set by Hamas .
These Sunni leaders live in abject fear of the geopolitical earthquake that any disintegration of political authority in Baghdad would bring , believing that all-out civil war would invariably follow -- a war that would not respect international borders .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
The threat that this would represent is not abstract : the Kingdom 's borders are very porous .
Building fences and sending helicopters to police the borders will not be sufficient , and the idea that jihadis can be rehabilitated is a myth .
On Bin Laden 's orders , oil installations , the oil city of Khobar , the interior ministry , and the police headquarters in Riyadh were all attacked .
In other words , the Jews , who based their identity in the diaspora on mythological memory and time , were now returning to its clear-cut elements : a territory defined by borders , and a detailed chronological understanding of their own history .
On our part , we also will be recognizing not so much the Palestinian people , which one day may merge with the people of Jordan , as an independent and sovereign Palestinian state within the 1967 borders .
To lend credibility to its bid to host the SKA , in 2006 South Africa 's government committed $ 250 million to build an array of radio dishes within its own borders as a precursor to the SKA .
Clinicians are inclined to diagnose disorders that they feel more comfortable treating .
