UN cars were surrounded by 200 Iraqi soldiers and a mob , ordered out to the scene by Iraqi officials .
The state prosecutor was ordered to take action against the organizers , with 265 of 267 deputies approving the measure .
In early August , a journalist called the office of Moscow 's mayor , seeking comments on the situation . `` The office is closed , '' a woman at the press office answered , adding that smog had gotten inside the mayoral building , which is located less than two miles from the Kremlin , so everyone was ordered to go home .
The rebels - over one hundred of them , many young teenagers - surrounded our building , set it on fire , and ordered all Nigerians to come out .
SANAA -- When Yemen 's President Ali Abdullah Saleh ordered his military on March 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for his resignation , he sealed his fate .
At Tiger Leaping Gorge , where a mere 100,000 residents will have to be relocated , residents fear that they will be ordered to move up the steep mountainsides to open marginal land at 6,000 to 9,000 feet .
In early 2005 , three years after a new law on environmental impact assessments -LRB- EIA 's -RRB- was passed , the State Environmental Protection Bureau -LRB- SEPA -RRB- , ordered the halt of 30 large projects , including 26 hydropower plants that had failed to submit proper EIA 's .
Various court rulings have determined that this process allowed richer districts to spend more than poorer ones and ordered states to equalize spending .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
After the identity of the CIA 's station chief in Pakistan was exposed -LRB- probably by Pakistani military officials -RRB- , America made it known that it had good evidence that a prominent Pakistani journalist was ordered murdered by ISI .
Second , Moreno-Ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only Sudan 's president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned , ordered , and organized the massive crimes in Darfur .
After dictator Pervez Musharraf was driven out of office , the new Pakistani civilian government ordered the ISI to report to the interior ministry , but received no support from the US for this effort to assert civilian control , allowing the army to quickly frustrate the effort .
In countries where order may break down at any moment , it may not be better -- as it is in stable , well ordered countries -- to let ten guilty men go free rather than punish one innocent man wrongly .
Was George W. Bush the legitimately elected President of the United States in his first term , having gained office only after America 's Supreme Court ordered an end to the Florida recount and with Bush having secured only a minority of the votes nationwide ?
We have not lost our loving kindness towards ordinary soldiers , nor even towards the leaders who ordered them to brutalize their own people , but we wanted to urge them to change while there was still time .
Some of the soldiers who were ordered to beat us and to stop us from marching actually refused to do so , because they understood the truth of what we were doing .
The generals who ordered the crackdown are assaulting not only Burma 's people , but also their own hearts , souls , and spiritual beliefs .
In 2002 , after terrorists took 800 theatergoers hostage , Putin ordered that an anti-terrorist component be added to Russia 's military strategic plan .
The women and children whose limbs Taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality , and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in West Africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped .
Plants , for example , interact with their environment to produce locally ordered systems , resulting in the creation of wood -LRB- and other biomass -RRB- .
For example , consider methane clathrate , an ice-like stone that in most cases is built in an ordered way by a complex collaboration of microbes .
Empress Maria Theresa prohibited belief in vampires and ordered a thorough examination of possible natural reasons for such unusual events , as well as the actual causes of death .
Earlier that day , the prince had the bomber flown in on his private jet from the Yemeni-Saudi border and reportedly ordered that he not be carefully searched .
While unlikely anytime soon , this possibility should give everyone pause and spur us to find policies that will help Arabs find the political dignity and good governance they deserve through an ordered , peaceful process .
Chu had ordered a $ 130 million cut in funding in 2010 for hydrogen and fuel cell transportation technology .
Almost immediately after assuming office , the new governments ordered an end to music in public transport , required public buses to stand still for the five daily prayers , and closed down video shops and cinema houses .
No so Pakistan 's Islamists , however , whom Musharraf infuriated yet again last month , when he ordered his foreign minister to initiate the first official contact with Israel .
Whether a condition was diagnosed as disordered depended not just on the symptoms , which might be similar in normal sadness , and not just on the condition 's severity , for normal sadness can be severe and disordered sadness moderate , but on the degree to which the symptoms were an understandable response to circumstances .
These earlier definitions separated feelings of sadness proportionate to contextual loss from those excessive to their contexts , and defined only the latter as disordered .
In order to abolish this unwarranted psychoanalytic assumption , the researchers abandoned the attempt to distinguish natural from disordered conditions by context or etiology and assumed that all conditions that met the symptom-based criteria were disordered .
Alarmed by the public reaction , the Harbin magistrate ordered the case reopened , only to have the suspended sentence confirmed when the case was closed this March .
The government 's propaganda department has ordered major media to keep the news from spreading to the general public by imposing strict censorship .
Farmers were ordered to hand over all remaining supplies within a fortnight .
Villagers are killed or ordered to pack their belongings and leave .
Instead , when Iraqi attack helicopters and elite troops began butchering their own people , coalition forces were ordered to stand down .
Certainly , Király would not have hesitated to meet the man who ordered the invasion .
In February 1979 , China 's leader , Deng Xiaoping , ordered the People 's Liberation Army to invade Vietnam .
In 2002 , he was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that he led the Second Intifada , which had begun two years earlier , and ordered some of its military attacks .
The Swedish government responded with indifference , and worse : when the country 's ambassador to Israel put up a note on the embassy 's Web site distancing Sweden from such appalling calumnies , her enraged superiors in Stockholm ordered her to take it down .
It ordered the withdrawal from Gaza in order to stop the cycle of violence there , on the presumption that Israeli territory proper would not be attacked .
Sudan bore the brunt of US retaliation , when President Bill Clinton ordered the bombing of an apparently harmless pharmaceutical factory near Khartoum as retaliation for an Osama bin Laden sponsored terrorist attack .
Before Clinton , President Ronald Reagan ordered the bombing of Tripoli and Benghazi in Libya in 1986 in retaliation for the bombing of a German disco in which several Americans were killed .
There , the country 's communist masters ordered the security forces to fire on the people .
When Ceausescu ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
The terrorist attacks on Western targets that he ordered include not only the Pan Am tragedy in Lockerbie , Scotland , but also a French UTA plane blown up over Africa .
Nevertheless , electronic eavesdropping without court authorization , of the sort Bush ordered starting in 2002 , played a particularly important part in Nixon 's downfall .
Through a combination of financial incentives and menacing threats , including two incidents of police shootings during demonstrations , the Kibaki government ordered the nation to vote yes .
But , six months after he ordered an end to torture and CIA `` black sites , '' and promised to close Guantánamo within a year , Obama seems to be re-branding Bush 's worst excesses .
A well-ordered modern state is defined by a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , which allows domestic markets to operate .
In 1986 , Mikhail Gorbachev described the Soviet economy as `` very disordered .
A well-ordered modern state is one that holds a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , and that allows domestic markets to operate .
Families of the disappeared , killed , and tortured told the press that Humala ordered the atrocitie
Mullah Aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize , that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas , as well as surrounding areas , to double poppy production the following year .
Russia 's military chiefs , for whom it is psychologically difficult to be ordered by politicians to abruptly end a large-scale and successful military operation , are their natural allies .
Thaksin 's yellow-clad royalist foes , the People 's Alliance for Democracy -LRB- PAD -RRB- , took to the streets against him again in 2008 , as the judiciary ordered the dissolution of his party for the second time .
Yet three days -- yes , days -- after his conviction , President Richard Nixon ordered that he be released from prison and allowed to serve his sentence in a comfortable two-bedroom house . There he lived with a female companion and a staff to assist him .
Captain Ernest Medina , his commanding officer , ordered him to burn the village down and pollute its wells , but there is no clear evidence that the order included killing non-combatants -- and of course if such an order were issued , it should not have been obeyed . -LRB- Medina was acquitted of murder . -RRB-
In Germany , the Federal Constitutional Court has ordered parliamentarians to reveal their outside income -- often from lobbying activities on behalf of big business -- on the Internet .
Del Ponte is pressing Serbia 's government to cooperate in the still unresolved cases of Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic , who ordered , implemented , and oversaw the massacre of 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica in 1995 .
Indeed , Shi'a Muslim clerics ordered their people -- including women -- to vote , warning that to stay home on Election Day was a sin .
How can our economic life be re-ordered to recreate a sense of community , trust , and environmental sustainability ?
Many investigations have been ordered into the current corruption scandals .
Strengthened by promises of support from the US and China , Pakistan 's military commanders ordered pre-emptive air strikes against India on December 3 , 1971 .
To understand why , it is important to know what else was going on inside Iraq in 2007 , when President George W. Bush ordered the `` surge '' of 20,000 additional troops and General David H. Petraeus shifted US forces to a more aggressive strategy .
Mao also ordered the country to destroy the `` Four Olds '' : old ideas , old culture , old customs , and old habits .
Chen 's popularity among his party followers , whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism , changed him from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being his by right .
He ordered the Education Ministry to revise school textbooks to promote the idea that the Taiwanese people were fundamentally different , practically a different race from the Chinese .
A Web report critical of the governor 's behavior stayed up for 18 hours before censors ordered it taken down .
Bush did not apologize for the attack , nor did he reprimand those who ordered it .
Pakistan 's Black Revolution SHANGHAI &#45; &#45; Immediately after taking office last month , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani ordered the release of the 60 judges who had been detained by President Pervez Musharraf since November .
This geographical imbalance requires an ordered system of trade , clear regulations , and a well-structured global market .
He was given to bombastic speeches , once warning newly sworn-in recruits that , if he so ordered , they would have to shoot their parents .
Ten years ago this month , Russia 's parliament , the Duma , was seeking to impeach then President Boris Yeltsin , initiating a time of stalemate and struggle that ended seven months later when Yeltsin ordered tanks to fire on the Duma 's headquarters .
An evacuation was ordered , but no means to do so were provided for the poor .
Women were ordered to turn back and go home because there was not enough food .
The 90th anniversary of the Armenian massacres of 1915 , ordered by the ruling Young Turks of the Ottoman Empire and carried out with the help of the Kurds , is another wound that will not heal , but one that must be treated if Turkey 's progress toward European Union membership is to proceed smoothly .
Following this failed attempt , Kibaki ordered Attorney General Amos Wako to author his government 's version of a new constitution .
We must give up the hope of liberty within an ordered society and market and resign ourselves to that interminable war of all against all of which Hobbes spoke .
We will be guided , and bound , by the rule of law -- and the spirit of ordered liberty that animates it .
Yet the psychiatrists who formulated the DSM-5 's proposed changes are not trained in conceptual analysis , and , though amply forewarned , they have addressed the normal-versus-disordered issue in an unsystematic , ad hoc manner .
The result is a form of conceptual malpractice : intellectual negligence resulting in the formulation of invalid diagnostic criteria that will misdiagnose normal individuals as disordered .
Apparently , people who feel bad about not being fully controlled in their eating when confronted by weekend buffet-style feasts are disordered .
The problem is that the criteria are drawn so broadly that they pathologize mostly the non-disordered .
The vast majority of severely mentally disordered individuals are not violent .
Similarly , screening for loose , eccentric thinking yields mostly individuals who never become psychiatrically disordered .
To distract people from the economic shambles , another general -LRB- Leopoldo Galtieri -RRB- ordered the invasion of the British-governed Falkland Islands -LRB- in Spanish Islas Malvinas -RRB- .
We need only recall the chaotic atmosphere during the recent United Nations climate conference in Copenhagen to fear the kind of disordered and disappointing result that can arise from the desire of everyone to be in the room and to be applauded everywhere at once -- and to have every means of doing so .
Meanwhile , the supervisor confirmed -- as has online discussion by TSA employees -- that workers ordered to molest travelers are traumatized , too .
His desperation mounting , Saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters , evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through .
Saleh , emboldened by Gates ' remarks , immediately appeared on television and ordered all opponents to leave Yemen , as if millions of Yemenis would simply desert the country , leaving him and his family to reside in peace .
