In furtherance of his re-alignment , Musharraf sent the Pakistani army into the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan for the first time since Pakistan 's independence .
This simple rule would require no complex reordering of European fiscal arrangements , nor would it require the creation of new supra-national entities .
Twenty-five years ago , China had a more egalitarian society than Sweden ; today there is vast inequality between city and countryside , between the western provinces and those bordering the Pacific ocean , and within cities , which attract a constant flow of former peasants looking for jobs .
Indeed , Turkish policymakers have , on a regular basis , brought the countries bordering Iraq together for discussions about the future of the region .
If generals and colonels like Abdullah al-Sonosi , Abdullah Mansour , and al-Tuhami Khaled , as well as Qaddafi and his sons , were placed on international watch lists , or if arrest warrants were issued against them , many of their subordinates would think twice before ordering their soldiers to shoot or bombard .
For example , NATO already has three members - Bulgaria , Romania , and Turkey - bordering the Black Sea .
Moreover , China 's Muslim-majority province of Xinjiang , bordering on Afghanistan , can be dangerously affected by a Taliban takeover in Kabul or by the dismemberment of the country .
For some time now America has appeared to be intent on discarding the basic ordering instrument of relations between states - international treaties and the institutions that watch over them .
In all the major countries , this resulted in defaults , significant and continuous exchange-rate adjustments , and , by the end of the decade , a severe inflation\/devaluation spiral , bordering , in some cases , on hyperinflation .
The freeze on $ 25 million of the leadership 's assets held at Banco Delta Asia in Macau has certainly irritated the North Koreans . But the asset freeze did not prevent Kim Jong-Il from ordering a ballistic missile test last July or an underground nuclear test in October .
To decide whether Mladic acted on Serbia 's account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific `` instructions '' to commit this act of genocide .
Mexico 's War of Choice MEXICO CITY -- Three years ago this month , Mexican President Felipe Calderón donned military fatigues and declared a full-scale war on drugs , ordering the Army into Mexico 's streets , highways , and villages .
Moreover , in October 2006 , the State Council -- China 's cabinet -- issued nine directives ordering that Chinese overseas businesses , among other things , `` pay attention to environmental protection , '' `` support local community and people 's livelihood cause , '' and `` preserve China 's good image and its good corporate reputation . ''
Indeed , he developed a cult for Marshall Ion Antonescu , Romania 's dictator between 1940-1944 and Hitler 's ally , who was responsible of ordering the massacre of about 200,000 Jews .
There was , Friedman believed , something intrinsically bad about government commanding and ordering people about &#45; &#45; even if the government did know what it was doing .
No doubt the challenge for Europe of integrating a large Turkey , bordering on the Middle East , is great .
This small piece of Russia , with 1 million inhabitants and bordering on the Baltic Sea , is squeezed between Poland and Lithuania , two future members of the EU .
That article reflects the deep , unresolved problems of Putin 's era : the inability to distinguish between the Soviet past and the Russian present ; an unscrupulous mix of political conservatism and historical revisionism ; and indifference , bordering on incomprehension , with regard to the key values of democracy .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
The first type aims at an institutional reordering , so that inefficiencies and perverse incentives are removed , and the economy functions more smoothly and efficiently .
The consequences of this combination of uncoordinated responses would be widespread , scary , and bordering on chaos .
The Katyn massacre was a direct result , with Stalin ordering the mass murder of Poland 's elite in order to decapitate Polish society and thus make it more pliable .
China 's willingness to throw its weight around amplifies the grave imbalance in size , and leverage , between it and the other countries bordering the South China Sea .
Mathematics , the foundation for all science , depends on its concise language and logical ordering .
That is the condition Nasrallah violated by ordering an attack on an Israeli patrol nowhere near the Sheba farms and launching rockets into Israeli territory .
Indian couples have a strong cultural preference , bordering on obsession , for sons over daughters -- despite the strides in education and employment that women have made over the last few decades .
With the right governance , Senegal , with its longstanding political stability as a 51-year-old democracy and its strategic position bordering Mauritania , Mali , Guinea and Guinea-Bissau on Africa 's westernmost point , is ideally positioned to serve as the hub for natural-resource development in these countries -- and in Burkina Faso , Gambia , and Niger as well .
Social ordering in human society is associated with gradients of disease , with an increasing frequency of mortality and morbidity as one descends the scale of socioeconomic status , which reflects both income and education .
The first is the politics of world theater , where a political figure of global stature could do much to raise the EU 's profile and ensure that it has a major say in re-ordering the post-crisis global economic rulebook .
In his first weeks in office , he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan , ordering the closure of the Guantánamo Bay prison , promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy , giving an interview to Al Arabiya , and sending a top emissary to the Middle East .
It is a NATO member , bordering the three Caucasus republics that have NATO Individual Partnership Action Programs .
Bolivia 's Indians have also used their eco-clout to convince the energy companies to bankroll their fight for a 750,000-acre homeland bordering Kempff .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania .
In American domestic politics , these kinds of commands from the US Congress to states are known as `` unfunded mandates ; '' ordering results without providing the resources necessary to achieve them .
On her return , Megawati restored her credibility by ordering the security services to act against these groups .
Despite court rulings ordering reform , Roma are regularly denied equal access to housing , education , and healthcare , creating a vicious cycle of poverty and marginalization .
But , ultimately , his chief failure had been to hand power to military and civilian hawks -- wrongly called conservatives , for their vision was a radical reordering of Europe .
Competing for influence among radical Islamist leaders in northwestern Bangladesh is Bangla Bhai , who in 2004 attempted an Islamist revolution in several provinces bordering India .
With China having established four new airbases in Tibet and three in its southern provinces bordering India , the Indian Air Force is reportedly augmenting its own presence near the Chinese border by deploying two squadrons of Sukhoi-30MKI fighters .
Ordinary Ukrainians know who they are because their bosses are telling them , even ordering them , to vote for these people .
