In furtherance of his re-alignment , Musharraf sent the Pakistani army into the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan for the first time since Pakistan 's independence .
A series of ill-planned military operations in the tribal areas further complicated the situation in the volatile border region .
A couple of well-known opposition politicians , a chief minister and a federal cabinet minister of the previous pro-Musharraf government , were publicly thrashed , raising doubts about government control over law and order in the country .
The new Pakistani government needs to explain this to the West in order to keep its support .
Much of the current trouble can be traced to Afghanistan , whose tragedy could never have remained confined within its designated borders .
The deep security crisis in Pakistan is mirrored across the border in Afghanistan , which offers a model of what not to do .
A critical factor in the Taliban 's revival was the haven that it found in the distant reaches of the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , and the support that it continued to receive from elements within Pakistan .
The cross-border movement of radicals suggests the importance of international cooperation .
The Arabs , Assad said , would resist American efforts `` to rearrange the region as it sees fit '' in order to control its oil wealth and accommodate Israeli interests .
Nonetheless , if the Americans win in Iraq -- which they must in order to maintain their global credibility as a superpower -- their relations with their new Syrian neighbors will not be easy .
As a result , Syria 's various political power centers have embarked on a desperate search for a vision to promote change yet allow the existing order to survive .
True , Syria and Iran are playing a major role in supporting Iraqi insurgents , and Syria is still encouraging the trafficking of jihadists and weapons across its borders with Iraq .
Although he has opened Syria 's border to jihadists and has allowed Saddam 's supporters to operate freely there , that choice may not be entirely his .
Syria 's aid to Saddam in maneuvering around the United Nations ' oil-for food program brought Iraqi money to inhabitants of the border region , who have always been closer in customs , dialect , and outlook to their Iraqi neighbors than to their fellow Syrians .
Indeed , even local security apparatuses have been unwilling to comply with dictates from Assad and his clique to seal the borders .
This means no cross-border sovereign debt -LRB- or esoteric instruments , such as collateralized debt obligations -RRB- .
This simple rule would require no complex reordering of European fiscal arrangements , nor would it require the creation of new supra-national entities .
Hamas knows this , and thus is focusing its attention on the Gaza disengagement , seeking to exploit this victory by demanding a share in the post-disengagement order .
Indeed , the seizure of Shalit deepened the rift between Hamas and Fatah , which believes that the abduction was staged in order to sabotage discussions about a national unity government .
Fear of major fighting has already sent many Palestinians into Egypt , leading to the deployment of Egyptian troops on the border to control any mass exodus .
Some Israelis argue that Hamas should be encouraged to establish order in Gaza and provide assurances to its neighbors .
If Hamas can establish order inside Gaza , prevent violence against Israel , and stop missile attacks against Israeli towns and villages , it might avoid Israeli military intervention .
For Israel , last summer 's fight with Hezbollah in Lebanon demonstrated the risks of allowing radical Islamists to consolidate their power on Israel 's border .
Although the overwhelming majority of Palestinians reject the use of force to settle this power struggle , many welcome the change in Gaza , where Hamas has cleared the streets of armed militias and restored some law and order .
With the border closed under Israeli blockade for more than two years , levels of poverty , unemployment , and despair have grown , with young men increasingly interested in joining the global jihad as it comes to Gaza .
So it has become much harder to break the back of special interests in order to liberalize markets and improve economic efficiency .
In the old Europe , with fragmented financial markets , Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder 's request that Mannesmann remain a German company in the face of a -LRB- successful -RRB- takeover bid by Vodaphone was tantamount to his following an order by the company 's mostly German shareholders .
Unfortunately , reacting to corrupt businessmen in this way sets in motion a vicious circle : more regulation may lead to even more corruption in order to avoid it ; higher taxes on wealth will bring about even more tax evasion , making the system even more tainted .
The few American cities that introduced this system in the Progressive era , between 1910 and 1930 , soon abandoned it - or were forced to - in order to stop the election of black representatives .
I hope that the third one will win out , because it would mean relatively open borders , no discrimination , and less government intervention .
Worried about an invasion of migrant workers from the new member states of Central and Eastern Europe , the old EU members have erected high barriers in order to prevent the flow .
So long as the Union 's borders remain closed , there is also a risk that foreign investment will fly over Western Europe and land in Central and Eastern Europe , where people are willing to work longer hours , market regulations are less intrusive , and human capital is relatively high , because Communist schools were good at technical training .
In other words , they obtained shorter hours -LRB- i.e. , more vacations -RRB- in order to keep employment up .
Twenty-five years ago , China had a more egalitarian society than Sweden ; today there is vast inequality between city and countryside , between the western provinces and those bordering the Pacific ocean , and within cities , which attract a constant flow of former peasants looking for jobs .
The reasons are twofold . Accession countries felt that they were asked to make major fiscal adjustments in order to be accepted into the EU .
Global differences in income per capita are too extreme ; globalization is increasing income inequality ; the poor are becoming progressively poorer and many starve in order to pay their debt .
UN cars were surrounded by 200 Iraqi soldiers and a mob , ordered out to the scene by Iraqi officials .
In order to do so , the People 's Republic needs much more sophisticated arms than those it possesses today .
What European nation , indeed , dares to put at risk a Chinese order for several billion euros ?
It must be clear by now that Pyongyang is determined to keep its nuclear weapons program in order to obtain a credible assurance from the US that its bizarre and repressive regime will be allowed to survive .
In order to allay misgivings and restore trust in the alliance , it is necessary for the US and South Korea to reaffirm their common interests and values in pursuing deterrence , nonproliferation , stability , and democracy on the Korean peninsula and across Asia .
Tanzania has experimented with community-based programs that send health workers to the homes of TB patients in order to monitor treatment compliance and provide support .
The Turkish establishment -LRB- the military as well as the diplomatic corps -RRB- worries about the possibility that a war will fracture Iraq , leading to an independent Kurdish state on Turkey 's southern border that would inevitably serve to strengthen Kurdish nationalism within Turkey , raising new threats to Turkey 's unity and stability .
The state prosecutor was ordered to take action against the organizers , with 265 of 267 deputies approving the measure .
In early August , a journalist called the office of Moscow 's mayor , seeking comments on the situation . `` The office is closed , '' a woman at the press office answered , adding that smog had gotten inside the mayoral building , which is located less than two miles from the Kremlin , so everyone was ordered to go home .
However , there are other important science-based issues that require study by internationally-based organizations in order to be widely accepted .
Cunningly , Putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-Soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract : he would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary Russians ' acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties .
Indeed , confronted by political leaders ' hostile rhetoric , oil producers have a strong incentive to increase production in order to lower oil prices to levels that undermine the economic feasibility of alternative energy sources -- a logical interventionist policy to counter the anti-oil interventionist policies of consuming countries .
A contingent of roughly 2,500 troops from 22 countries went to the DRC in mid-2003 to support United Nations troops , and provided a rapid reaction force that snuffed out disorder in Kinshasa before it could erupt into full-blown mayhem .
Just by virtue of being there , the force shows the goodwill and commitment of the nations that sent it , and , by projecting a sense of law and order , it provides valuable leverage for honest brokers trying to mediate a peace deal .
As Jean Monnet , one of the `` founding fathers '' European integration , presciently observed in his memoirs 35 years ago , `` the European construction is moving ahead during crisis , and it will be the sum of the solutions brought about in order to overcome them . ''
With its broad approach to public health , it is also essential to strengthen health-care systems and primary care in order to improve early detection , timely diagnosis and treatment , as well as palliative care .
In order to respond to the growing cancer epidemic , we need nothing less than concerted global action similar to the successful mobilization against HIV\/AIDS .
The rebels - over one hundred of them , many young teenagers - surrounded our building , set it on fire , and ordered all Nigerians to come out .
In order to prepare for EU accession , Turkey has undertaken vast and serious legal , political , and economic reforms .
Indeed , Turkish policymakers have , on a regular basis , brought the countries bordering Iraq together for discussions about the future of the region .
More investment is essential in order for Brazil to compete in the international market , and the country 's economy needs a jolt of innovation .
Brazil has come far , but in order to compete with China , India , South Korea , Russia , and other emerging countries , the predominance of low valued-added products needs to give way to the rise of an economy based on more innovative and dynamic firms .
Latin America 's New Regionalism We live in a world crisscrossed by borders , drawn and redrawn throughout history , chosen by fancy or caprice , and all too often defended by bloodshed .
Increasingly , we must recognize that our borders are not fortress walls .
Today -- sometimes across borders , sometimes within them -- once-unthinkable wealth exists alongside extreme poverty and all its social ills .
I hope that spirit will spread far beyond San José , and that other regions will join us in recognizing that while our borders may define our territories , having the courage to reach across them defines our character -- and , ultimately , our future success or failure .
In addition , lawlessness was enticing bandits to cross the border and vandalize and rob properties left by fleeing refugees .
Two air-force pilots diverted to Malta , followed by a navy warship -- all in defiance of Qaddafi 's orders to bomb the eastern city of Benghazi .
Security , medical , and other committees were rapidly established , just as similar rudimentary institutions of order were created in Egypt by rebellious protesters a few weeks ago .
If generals and colonels like Abdullah al-Sonosi , Abdullah Mansour , and al-Tuhami Khaled , as well as Qaddafi and his sons , were placed on international watch lists , or if arrest warrants were issued against them , many of their subordinates would think twice before ordering their soldiers to shoot or bombard .
That is why , in order to have a chance to catch up with the rest of the free , developed world , many of them are now risking their lives to remove those regimes .
But the administrative borders of these districts were never fully established , and they have changed at least eight times since 1951 .
For example , although prosecutors control the relevant courts , they did not bother to secure the necessary court orders for the Yukos raids and arrests .
Ordinary Ukrainians aspire to law and order ; businessmen want their playing field to be leveled with the richest and most well connected .
The second obstacle is border controls with Georgia , a mainly political issue : whether Abkhazia and South Ossetia are independent , as Russia maintains , or are part Georgia , as the rest of the world believes .
Moreover , current-account deficits piled up into substantial private-sector foreign debt , while public finances were in good order everywhere but Socialist-led Hungary .
Instead , Western leaders need to focus on fixing their state budgets in order to salvage what they can .
With Afghanistan , Iraq , and Iran topping the list of strategic challenges facing the West , anchoring democracy and security in these new borderlands of the Euro-Atlantic community has become imperative for both the United States and the EU .
For example , NATO already has three members - Bulgaria , Romania , and Turkey - bordering the Black Sea .
It is Europe 's contested neighborhood -- the future of those countries between the eastern border of NATO and the European Union and the western border of Russia .
Russia today openly lays claim to a sphere of interest in its borderlands -- in direct contradiction to commitments made under the Helsinki process .
Far from burdening an already over-stressed , over-stretched global economy , environmental investments are exactly what is needed to get people back to work , get order books flowing , and assist in powering economies back to health .
A strategy for a Global Green New Deal , tailored to different national challenges , will be fleshed out in order to assist world leaders and ministers craft stimulus packages that work on multiple fronts .
The Protocol explicitly aimed at phasing-out substances such as chlorofluorocarbons -LRB- CFCs -RRB- -- found in products such as refrigerators , foams , and hairsprays -- in order to repair the thin gassy-shield that filters out the sun 's harmful , ultra-violet rays .
Achieving the fourth , along with social and economic measures aimed at creating better jobs and improving people 's standard of living , would at least make it possible to weaken , contain , and control Mexico 's drug trafficking organizations , thereby strengthening civil order and governability .
Iraq 's neighbors - Saudi Arabia in the south and Turkey in the north - must be reassured that Shi'a and Kurdish rebellion will not result in the dismantling of Iraq and a change of borders : both countries have legitimate concerns regarding this issue .
Nor has Saddam 's fall changed this fact : anti-US violence is not only an expression of anger at foreign occupation ; it is also a Sunni attempt to abort the establishment of a democratic order that would put them -- the historical masters -- in a subordinate position .
The assassination of the President of Iraq 's Governing Council makes it crystal clear that the US is failing to create the minimal law-and-order needed for any sort of orderly transfer of power to take place by June 30th .
In the Kurdish region of northern Iraq , however , the situation is completely different : in the last ten years , under the protection of the Allies ' no-fly zone , and even more so since the toppling of Saddam , the Kurdish regional government has been able to establish and sustain a relatively orderly administration .
Why should the one region - and people - who run an orderly government , are not involved in murder , attacks on mosques , and suicide bombing of schoolchildren , be penalized ?
Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless : Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll , and Marwan Barghouti , a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him , was ungently persuaded by the movement 's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front .
On too many issues -- borders , settlements , refugees , Jerusalem -- the gaps between the two sides are too deep to be easily bridged .
Indeed , the conflict would become , if one can use the expression , more `` normal '' -- no longer between an occupying power and an occupied people , but between two countries , two states , that disagree about a lot of issues , including borders , mutual relations , and control over populations .
Turkey , he argued , is neither pro-Israeli nor pro-Syrian : it seeks an Israeli-Syrian accommodation in order to add another building block to regional stability .
The conflict in Northern Ireland was always territorial : not even the most radical Irish Republican group ever denied the legitimacy of Great Britain -- only its rule over the six northern provinces of what they consider United Ireland . The crux of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict , by contrast , only partly concerns Israel 's borders .
Even the most moderate leaders on both sides could not agree on the core issues of the conflict : borders , settlements , Jerusalem , and the fate of 1947-1948 Palestinian refugees and their descendants . Both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement : for Olmert , an agreement might have rescued his position as prime minister , and it would have been a trump card for Abbas in Fatah 's de facto civil war with Hamas .
The recent escalation of violence along Gaza 's border with Israel does suggest that events are developing in a dangerous direction .
Skepticism is in order also with respect to the unknown consequences of Western military intervention in Libya : it may have been asked for by the Arab League and legitimized by the UN Security Council , yet the outcome is far from certain .
Opening an impressive new page , Turkey reached out to Armenia ; softened its position on Cyprus ; tried to draw Iran into a positive dialogue with the West ; convinced Syria to settle the two countries ' simmering border dispute ; and , as a crowning achievement , launched peace talks between Syria and Israel under Turkish mediation .
But Erdo?an 's threat to consider using the Turkish navy as a military escort for further flotillas to Gaza already borders on saber rattling , as does his declared willingness to use force to prevent the Republic of Cyprus from exploring for gas in its continental shelf .
The withdrawal of US forces from Iraq only seems to have encouraged Turkey 's will to create a cordon sanitaire on the Iraqi side of the border -- and possibly to establish a counterweight to Iran 's influence on a Shia-led government in Baghdad .
In this way the trial will gain more legitimacy and credibility , especially among the many Serbs who still need to be educated in order to realize the true extent of Milosevic 's crimes .
Clearly , political reasons are at the root of this : the British , US and French governments are reluctant to risk the lives of their own soldiers in order to bring these arch criminals to justice .
But , in order to realize the hope that ordinary soldiers take from the new jargon , Western leaders will need to forge a clear political strategy for Afghanistan , without which the country will remain at war .
Even as the disease burden in emerging-market cities shifts from infectious to chronic illnesses , urban populations remain vulnerable to epidemic disease , childhood diseases born of malnutrition , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis , and mental disorders rooted in unemployment and poverty .
They are also vulnerable to death and injury from natural disasters and traffic accidents -- and to the health consequences of social disorder and breakdown .
It can help shape a more robust global supervisory system which needs to be built in order to preserve the benefits of global financial markets .
The demand for a different monetary order , as advocated by China , sets the stage for a renewed effort to avoid the international imbalances which were at the root of this crisis .
It is clear that there is no scope in the foreseeable future to extend the EU budget in order to increase fiscal transfers to eurozone members affected by sharp declines in consumption .
Stress is generally defined as the state that results when the brain instructs the body to make changes in order to adapt to a new or excessive demand and the individual perceives that the demand will exceed the personal resources which he or she has available .
Since the fusion reactions produce alpha particles , which pollute the plasma , one has to insert a `` divertor '' inside the flame at 100 million degrees in order to clean it .
In order to study it , it has been decided to build the International Fusion Materials Irradiation Facility -LRB- IFMIF -RRB- in Japan .
Two themes that people consider crucial are a stronger European economy -LRB- more jobs and more growth -RRB- and greater security -LRB- reducing cross-border crime -RRB- .
A reluctance to prosecute war criminals is an asset that Balkan governments use in order to pacify their nationalist audience and , indeed , to avoid the thorny problems of a thoroughgoing reform .
Stability is also important because the country borders on Romania , a European Union member state .
Romania , too , should play its part and offer to sign a basic treaty and a border agreement with Moldova .
But brilliant ideas can not be made to order .
Moreover , whereas in Egypt , historically a stable country , 18 days of chaos were enough to convince the military to restore order by ousting Mubarak , Bahrainis have greater experience with social unrest than Egyptians or Tunisians do .
SANAA -- When Yemen 's President Ali Abdullah Saleh ordered his military on March 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for his resignation , he sealed his fate .
The logic was clear : preserve what China 's leaders call `` stability '' and `` harmony '' in order to maintain state power .
Instead , bringing together outside expertise and local knowledge of the geography and environmental and economic constraints in order to spread risks and share the management of resources and projects is far more likely to help poor countries achieve food independence .
The time has also come to prioritize agriculture in order to ensure growth with a more human face .
Europe 's Rising Global Role BRUSSELS -- Twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the Cold War , the contours of world order remain in the making .
Europe 's Rising Global Role BRUSSELS -- Twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the Cold War , the contours of world order are still in the making .
In order to keep the system lean , there should be a provision for exempting some individuals and firms -- those sophisticated enough to handle their own affairs , or well off enough to deal with financial failure -- from the requirement of an RFP 's approval before buying a prescription financial product .
Substitution of paracetamol for aspirin , researchers proposed , may have led to an enhanced allergic immune response , thereby increasing susceptibility to asthma and other allergic disorders .
Identifying the potential mechanisms that might underlie the association between paracetamol and asthma -LRB- and other allergic disorders -RRB- was not a part of this study .
CAMBRIDGE -- In the new financial order being put in place by regulators around the world , reform of credit rating agencies should be a key element .
A thorough overhaul of compensation structures must be an important element of the new financial order .
They claim that they need the freedom to set compensation packages in order to keep their most talented people -- the ones who will revive the world 's financial system .
In the post-crisis financial order , governments must take on the role of monitoring and regulating pay in financial firms ; otherwise , the perverse incentives that contributed to the current crisis could easily recur .
At Tiger Leaping Gorge , where a mere 100,000 residents will have to be relocated , residents fear that they will be ordered to move up the steep mountainsides to open marginal land at 6,000 to 9,000 feet .
In early 2005 , three years after a new law on environmental impact assessments -LRB- EIA 's -RRB- was passed , the State Environmental Protection Bureau -LRB- SEPA -RRB- , ordered the halt of 30 large projects , including 26 hydropower plants that had failed to submit proper EIA 's .
China urgently needs to maintain an annual growth rate of over 9 % as a bulwark against social disorder .
Understanding Clausewitz 's dictum that war is a continuation of politics by other means , Sadat had sent the Egyptian Army across the Suez Canal in order to unleash a peace process .
They survived in order to resolve what for too long has looked like an insoluble conundrum : legitimizing Jewish statehood in the eyes of those who consider themselves its victims .
Indeed , the regime has hinted that it may be willing to compromise on the issue -- the delineation of the 1967 border along a tiny piece of land on the Eastern shore of the Sea of Galilee -- that wrecked the negotiations eight years ago .
In the last round of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks eight years ago , it was clear that a deal with Syria would automatically pave the way to a settlement with Lebanon , and an end to Hezbollah 's threat to Israel 's northern border .
Nor is Hezbollah keen to see the end of Israel 's occupation of the Sheba Farms on the Lebanon border undermine its claim to the formidable independent military force that it has built with Iranian and Syrian help .
The stakes for a peaceful regional order are too high for Israel and the United States to persist in refusing to put Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's current peace offensive to the test .
Not even the bizarre idea , reserved for the second stage , of a Palestinian state with `` temporary borders '' is enticing for the Palestinians .
But , as a power burdened with too many domestic ills and a chronic sense of insecurity along its vast and dangerously depopulated borders , Russia can not be interested in a Cold War II , either .
Its recent agreement with China on border demarcation notwithstanding , Russia can never be assured of China 's ultimate intentions as a colossal power hungry for raw materials for its booming economy and living space for its massive population .
Ignored and humiliated by the US since the Cold War ended , Russia needs integration into a new global order that respects its interests as a resurgent power , not an anti-Western strategy of confrontation .
By exposing the inadequacy of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Iran , a signatory , has signaled to Israel that the regional order can no longer be based on Israel 's nuclear monopoly as a non-NPT member .
These include the opening of Gaza 's borders , including the Egyptian-controlled Rafah crossing , the release of Hamas detainees in Egypt , the suspension of Israeli operations against Hamas activists in the West Bank , and the right to respond to any perceived Israeli violation of the ceasefire .
It took Europe gruesome religious wars , two world wars , and more than one genocide to resolve its endemic disputes over borders and nationalism .
Moreover , Sudanese security forces continue to arm Arab tribes straddling the North-South border with the aim of destabilizing the mostly Christian South .
Recommendations presented recently to the Senate 's Foreign Relations Committee , suggested that security guarantees for Southern Sudan be given in order to deter a renewal of the civil war .
International law and the indictment of war criminals are important for a civilized world order , but they are no substitute for active financial and political engagement to support an internationally legitimate , and urgently needed , peace accord such as the CPA in Sudan .
Most states nowadays lie within borders that are widely accepted as legitimate , and they increasingly abide by international norms of behavior in times of war .
Inter-state combat may still occur where strategic front lines can be found , such as Israel 's border with Syria , India 's border with Pakistan , and the border dividing the two Koreas .
His secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , underscored this tendency during her first visit to China , where her unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
Training police forces to secure law and order without resorting to bloodshed is no less important than elections .
Camara 's test -- indeed , the test for most African rulers -- consists in protecting civilians and their property , in establishing law and order without oppressive measures , and in fighting corruption .
Indeed , the rules have changed , and Israel can not say that it was not warned that this is an era in which international law and universal justice are being forcefully promoted as pillars of an improved world order .
In her first visit to Beijing , indeed , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made it clear that when it comes to China , order and stability take priority over human rights .
Moreover , China 's Muslim-majority province of Xinjiang , bordering on Afghanistan , can be dangerously affected by a Taliban takeover in Kabul or by the dismemberment of the country .
Admittedly , Obama inherited a collapsing financial system , a declining world order , and the ever-present threat of global terrorism .
But creating a structure of international relations that will make a more stable and enduring world order is not a task to be completed within one year .
Some see war as a way of resolving an increasingly deadlocked situation , shaking up a dysfunctional regional order whose main actors are not only at loggerheads , but are also incapable of resolving the legitimacy deficits of their respective regimes .
A volley of incendiary remarks between Israel and both Syria and Hezbollah has fueled anxieties about the possibility of war on Israel 's northern border .
The level of sensitivity is such that the latest tension was initiated by the Syrians , who misinterpreted as a threat Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak 's call to start peace negotiations precisely in order to prevent `` an all-out regional war . ''
A case like the island of La Española -LRB- Hispaniola -RRB- , where a simple border can reflect such vast differences , is not very common .
Haitians should not be encouraged to seek a solution to their tragic plight simply by crossing the border , but Dominicans should not demonize Haiti as the source of all their problems .
Both sides need to engage in the vital enterprise of turning the border that separates them into a benign space of transnational development and stability .
Precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is , as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island , a task that affects the two countries ' stability and well-being , it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort .
But Clinton should be reminded that every free industrial zone that was built along the Israeli-Palestinian border eventually fell victim to political instability .
Haiti 's transition to effective and sustainable statehood is therefore also vital for establishing a prosperous border regime .
Israelis also find satisfaction in the relative prosperity of the West Bank , where order and stability are being secured by well-trained security forces , in line with Prime Minister 's Salam Fayyad 's meticulous bottom-up construction of Palestinian statehood .
All this in order to go back to the 1967 borders , for which few Israelis feel nostalgic .
True , Hamas has been indicating recently a readiness to contemplate a solution based on the 1967 borders , but it is doubtful that its leaders and members could live with the betrayal of the refugees .
Of course , throughout history , national liberation movements have had to marginalize their own radicals and fanatics in order to reach the Promised Land .
As he admitted in a recent interview with the Palestinian newspaper Al Quds , if pressured to concede on sacred Palestinian principles such as refugees , Jerusalem , and borders , he `` would pack his suitcase and go away . ''
In other words , such a process would deal with the issues of 1967 -- defining a border -LRB- including Jerusalem -RRB- , withdrawing and dismantling settlements , putting in place security arrangements , and the Palestinians ' assumption of full governance responsibility -- while shelving for the future those of 1948 .
Instead of insisting on what the Palestinians can not give , Israel should focus on what is essential : the international legitimacy of its borders .
A crucial bone of contention that might ignite a new war is the future of the country 's oil industry and the North-South border demarcation .
It is in the oil-rich border areas that a new war might erupt .
After failing to moderate Bashir into accepting a secular decentralized or confederate Sudan , Egypt , a key Arab player concerned about the stability of its southern border , has come to accept the inevitability of secession -- so long as the new state lines up with it on the issue of the Nile 's waters .
Hence , as the Kenyans put it , the border between northern and southern Sudan should become the border between Black Africa and the Arab World .
Concerned by Bashir 's delaying tactics , both Kenya and Uganda have advised their southern Sudanese friends not to make demarcation of the border a pre-condition for the referendum , as doing so would only play into Bashir 's hands .
He expects that a unilateral yet internationally recognized declaration of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders would put unbearable pressure on an Israel haunted by the specter of worldwide de-legitimization .
Inevitably inadequate -- one idea being toyed with is recognition of a Palestinian state in provisional borders that might encompass around 50 % of the West Bank -- it will nonetheless occupy the attention of the international community , and perhaps even derail the new Palestinian strategy .
Another risk implied by a unilateral Palestinian move to statehood is that it might reduce the conflict with Israel to a banal border dispute between sovereign states .
It could then negotiate with the US the wording of the UN resolution in a way that would end up creating a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed territorial adjustments .
Ideally , the new democratic order should be based on a common platform adopted by the forces of change , both secular and Islamic , and on a transition pact between these forces and those representing the old system , first and foremost the army .
Egypt was ruled as a police state , and , with a gigantic and all-pervasive security apparatus , the army might be tempted to assume the role of guardian of order and stability if democracy proves too messy .
The legitimacy of hereditary monarchies , a principle established by Metternich , the architect of the post-Napoleonic order , eventually prevailed in the 1848 European Spring .
The real threat to Egypt 's security today is on its southern and eastern borders , not in Israel .
Netanyahu 's Border War
TEL AVIV -- Binyamin Netanyahu 's furious rejection of US President Barack Obama 's proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian dispute -- frontiers that he called `` utterly indefensible '' -- reflects not only the Israeli prime minister 's poor statesmanship , but also his antiquated military philosophy .
For borders to be defensible , they need first to be legitimate and internationally recognized .
But Netanyahu does not really trust `` the gentiles '' to supply that type of international recognition of Israel 's borders , not even when America is behind him , and not even when Israel today has the most powerful military capabilities in the Middle East .
Not until occupation ends , Israel lives within internationally recognized borders , and the Palestinians recover their dignity as a nation will the Jewish state 's existence be finally secured .
America , `` Y '' argues , must first put its own house in order if it is to recover credible global influence as a beacon of prosperity and justice .
The bad news is that Europe 's feebleness and America 's fatigue might also signal the limits of noble ideas such as the obligation to interfere in order to protect populations being brutalized by their own rulers .
America 's reluctance to be drawn into the Libyan quagmire , and the West 's failure to intervene in order to stop the Syrian army from massacring civilians , now looks like a sad , and fairly accurate , guide to the future .
Turkey is genuinely interested in a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian dispute and in a regional system of peace and security , whereas Iran and Hezbollah are bent on derailing both in order to deny Israel the kind of peace with the Arab world that would end up isolating Iran .
So , whoever aspires to help the parties reach a settlement needs to be attentive to the fact that territorial borders are only one aspect of this conflict -- and not necessarily the most contentious one .
Meanwhile , the deal severely compromised the leadership of Mahmoud Abbas , the president of the Palestinian Authority , who has been clamoring for years for the release of prisoners in order to boost his popular standing and enhance his position as Israel 's interlocutor for peace .
But it is misleading to attribute the failure of the Palestinians to develop an orderly system of self-government only to the pernicious effects of Israeli occupation and American policies .
For the building blocks of a renewed peace process to be sustainable , an international force must be deployed along Gaza 's border with Egypt to prevent the constant smuggling of weapons and isolate the conflict .
But the credibility of such demands is undermined by the Arabs ' inability to alleviate Palestinian misery and , no less importantly , by their failure to help the Palestinians face the hard choices they will need to make if an orderly Palestinian state is ever to emerge .
Bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former President Bill Clinton 's peace plan by affirming that `` the borders of the past , the realities of the present , and agreed changes '' will define his two-state solution .
As an anti-status quo power , Iran is not pursuing nuclear capabilities in order to destroy Israel , but to gain prestige and influence in a hostile environment and as a shield for its challenge to the regional order .
European financial institutions and markets cross national borders on an unprecedented scale , but national authorities still dominate regulation .
This is even more likely in countries that do not face the same constraints on national solutions as members of the EU &#45; &#45; most prominent among them China or India , which only recently opened their borders to foreign direct investment in the financial sector .
The best way to protect cross-border banking and financial integration in Europe would be to establish an effective EU-wide regulator and supervisor , or , even better , a global institution that could monitor the home country-host country relationship .
Cross-Border Banking in the Balance
No region of the world has benefited more from cross-border banking , yet these achievements are now at risk -- and with them the European bank groups themselves .
The threat to cross-border banks comes not only from their deteriorating balance sheets in the face of lower sovereign-debt quality and weaker growth prospects , but also from the policy response itself .
But , unlike the ill-advised exposure to sovereign debt across Europe , cross-border banking through foreign subsidiaries has been beneficial for investors , and for home and host countries alike -- nowhere more so than in emerging Central and Eastern Europe , still the most important export market for the eurozone .
When the global crisis erupted in 2008 , there was no regulatory framework to protect the cross-border networks , and large vulnerabilities , in the form of excessive leverage and foreign exchange , were exposed .
Any restructuring requested in return for capital support should take into account the cross-border nature of the groups and not discriminate against subsidiaries abroad .
It must ensure that national interests do not undermine the integrity of the cross-border bank groups .
Just as the eurozone has fostered financial development and economic growth among its members , the current crisis now risks inflicting severe collateral damage far beyond its borders .
Ultimately , it is cross-border banking that is in the balance .
Castro , and to a stronger degree , his comrade Che Guevara , were willing to let Cuba go up in smoke in order to make their country a martyr in the world revolutionary struggle !
For Khrushchev 's control over the Soviet military in Cuba was limited ; U2 planes flying over Cuba were shot at despite Khrushchev 's explicit orders to the contrary .
Most constitutions - including the American one - aspire to `` freeze history , '' or to set up a lasting institutional order that will resist the winds of change .
If Nato says `` Yes '' to the Baltics , it must make both Moscow and the Baltic three understand that enlargement is meant to increase stability along Russia 's western border , not threaten Russia .
For some time now America has appeared to be intent on discarding the basic ordering instrument of relations between states - international treaties and the institutions that watch over them .
The war-party in Washington is gearing up to use the credibility argument in order to force the President 's hand .
Under that bargain , the bigger states accepted restraints on their power in order to increase the weight of the Union as a whole while the smaller ones realized that being part of the club gave them a chance they would not have otherwise , namely to participate in the shaping of common policies .
Like no other institution , NATO embodies Atlantic cohesion , something that remains essential for any Western effort to promote a degree of international order .
Worse , there is no sign that either man is willing to speak his mind in order to signal to the other side what he will expect when the next crisis looms .
She will continue to emphasize close relations with France because there is no alternative ; Britain , absent from the euro zone and the Schengen border regime , remains the odd man-in of the EU .
Unilateral withdrawal from Gaza without the prior establishment of a local authority to maintain order has only led to renewed intervention .
The policy , reminiscent of terrorist stratagems , of bombing civilians in order to force the hands of their leaders will only strengthen the radicals and boost their popular support .
It will require years of hard work to reconcile America 's resources and requirements , and to ensure that its initiatives can once again be seen as designed not to serve narrow US ideologies , but to advance a fair international order .
Simply put , in order to anchor inflation expectations effectively , inflation targets must be realistic .
Equally distressing is Obama 's decision in August 13 to sign a bill , approved in a rare special session of the Senate , that raises visa fees on H1 -LRB- b -RRB- and L-1 temporary work visas in order to pay for higher border-enforcement expenditures .
What was sometimes called the liberal international economic order was the order of the day , and it was embraced by public opinion as well .
Instead , the French and German leaders are really responding to the growing unpredictability of today 's emerging European order .
Doing so would reduce inequalities not only between EU member states , but also within the poorer ones . The poorest of the poor would gain the most , while the rich member states would lose little , despite their popular fear of open borders .
Parliament watered down a proposal for far-reaching pension reform to the point that it borders on useless , and repeated promises to stop subsidizing wasteful energy consumption through low gas prices have not been honored .
The good news is that if we focus on clear , practical , and achievable goals , major reductions can be made in order to ensure that , whatever the precise interim target , the world will fashion a radical new approach within a manageable timeframe .
The main item on the agenda now is to design better social insurance , in order to minimize the pain from reallocation , be it from deregulation , technological progress , or globalization .
In crossing borders , the sharp portfolio reallocations and the rush to safer assets are creating not only financial but also exchange-rate crises .
High stock market valuations would reflect a radiant future , households would be behaving in a reasonable way , and America would be wise to run a trade deficit in order to invest .
Financial capital can cross borders far more easily , and physical capital can relocate almost as quickly .
In all the major countries , this resulted in defaults , significant and continuous exchange-rate adjustments , and , by the end of the decade , a severe inflation\/devaluation spiral , bordering , in some cases , on hyperinflation .
First , governments need to adopt urgent business-climate reforms in order to foster investment , entrepreneurship , and innovation .
A decade ago , people spoke of the end of history , meaning the ultimate triumph of a liberal capitalist political order .
Indeed , the revolution is already upon us . For the first time in history , a global techno-market order is transforming the world of finance , business , politics and , indeed , physiology , beyond recognition .
To defend post-utopian values in the longer-term , politicians -LRB- and generals and spymasters -RRB- can not seek security by drastically curtailing fundamental freedoms , because to do so risks forfeiting public support and a weakening of the pillars of the post-utopian market order .
It does not stress the obvious advantages of having the EU as a unique player in enforcing border controls , signing cooperation agreements with migrants ' countries of origin , and encouraging the type of flows that are best suited for Europe .
Needless to say , as unemployment rose and many other countries decreased hours worked in order to contain job losses , tax reductions on overtime were phased out and the scope of short-time work was enhanced .
For example , three medical afflictions that create especially acute and enduring distress -- clinical depression , chronic pain , and sleep disorders -- are all conditions that can often be treated successfully , to the vast relief of sufferers .
The US must establish dialogue with and services for these influential people in order to build a bridge to the tribesmen in the unsettled FATA areas .
The Secretary of State wrote to Queen Victoria , `` The pacification of border tribes by preserving in the exercise of humanizing influences is more likely to be permanent than their subjection by military force ... -LRB- and would -RRB- afford a reasonable prospect of rendering the people on the frontier line between our territories and Afghanistan peaceful and friendly neighbors . ''
SRSP has the capacity ; they just need direction and financial support in order to expand .
An `` International Anti-Prohibitionist League '' is now at work , calling for repeal or amendment of the UN treaties in order to allow for experimentation with legalization by individual nations .
The war in Iraq raised starkly the question of the international order , in particular about the role of the UN .
The Charter empowered the UN to react to threats to peace and international order arising from non-member states , including a requirement -- never implemented -- that signatories provide `` military contingents under the command of the Military Staff Committee , composed of the Chiefs of Staff of the permanent members . ''
Countries from the former Soviet bloc , for example , had to adapt their legislation to these standards in order to join .
Yet other countries remain stubbornly outside this emerging democratic order , and some democracies may be moving toward authoritarianism .
And , in order to enable the full enjoyment of our freedoms -- be they of worship or scientific research -- the state must reassert its secular nature .
Silvio Berlusconi 's government , together with a fiscally conscious opposition , managed to secure -- in only a few days -- parliamentary approval of a package of measures worth more than ¤ 50 billion , in order to restore market confidence in the soundness of Italy 's economic fundamentals .
Prime candidates are diplomacy and foreign policy -LRB- including development and humanitarian aid -RRB- , immigration , border control , some infrastructural projects with European-wide network effects , large-scale research and development projects , and regional re-distribution .
Yet North America has failed to match Europe in building the political structures necessary to focus the hemisphere on the problems of immigration , cross border security , labor rights , and environmental degradation ; or in facilitating a more united approach to strong economic competition from Europe and Asia .
Demand for low-cost Mexican labor by US employers and the 10-1 wage gap between the two countries pushes 350,000 Mexicans to risk their lives every year for better paid jobs north of the border .
Europe is still realizing the full potential of these benefits , but struggling with natural cross-border mergers and the failure or replacement of prominent national companies by better competitors from other countries .
To that we must add coordinated financial regulation and bailout policies , as deposits flow rapidly across borders in response to national guarantees and insurance in the euro zone .
For eurozone citizens who do not speak a major language , especially English , mobility across national borders within the single-currency area is limited at best .
While some aspects of culture are becoming globalized , variation across borders in Europe is far greater than it is between US states .
Successive generations of post-war European political leaders initiated the European Union and then currency union in order to knit countries so closely together that another major war between them would become impossible .
The four countries rank exactly in inverse order of their government spending shares -LRB- according to both 2009 and pre-crisis 2007 data -RRB- , with the US highest , followed by Canada , the UK , and France .
President George W. Bush spent years and billions of dollars pushing a hydrogen car . It got nowhere , and , while hydrogen may eventually become commercially viable for stationery sources , its use for transportation must still overcome some serious obstacles -LRB- including flammability and combustibility that is an order of magnitude greater than that of gasoline -RRB- .
Various court rulings have determined that this process allowed richer districts to spend more than poorer ones and ordered states to equalize spending .
Most Europeans believe that China wants to be a shaper of -- not a challenger to -- a balanced world order , a strong United Nations , and an effective multilateral system .
However , given current European and American law , these claims require a novel legal underpinning in order to be valid and enforceable .
Patients suffering from rare disorders have adopted this approach .
Even if police are able to maintain order in Beijing , can they extend that control across the country ?
That is bad news for those who believe that US-China cooperation is essential for reviving the global economy , meeting the challenge of climate change , containing threats of nuclear proliferation , and managing a host of other problems without borders .
The euro was created partly in order to bolster internal market efficiency and prevent currency volatility .
This is Europe 's new reality , not a momentary lapse in good order .
Given the easy availability of these technologies , their ability to catalyze protest might transcend borders once thought impregnable .
Mikhail Saakashvili remains in power , though a brutal four-day war with Russia in 2008 sharply limited Georgia 's ability to influence events beyond its borders .
The brutal crackdown on post-election protests in 2009 demonstrated the regime 's determination to maintain order by any means necessary .
The freeze on $ 25 million of the leadership 's assets held at Banco Delta Asia in Macau has certainly irritated the North Koreans . But the asset freeze did not prevent Kim Jong-Il from ordering a ballistic missile test last July or an underground nuclear test in October .
Some in Washington charge that he has done too little to roust al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters from safe havens along the country 's border with Afghanistan .
That is the strategy the military adopted in 1988 , following the mysterious plane crash that killed former President -LRB- and General -RRB- Mohammed Zia ul-Haq . The army leadership ordered elections , permitted the formation of a civilian government , and then stage-managed the political process from the wings .
The trouble reached the boiling point on October 7 , when Kurdish fighters killed 13 Turkish soldiers near Turkey 's border with Iraq .
On October 17 , despite pleas for patience and restraint from Iraq and the US , Turkish lawmakers voted 507-19 to authorize Erdogan to order cross-border military strikes into Iraq at any time over the next year .
Turkey 's government knows that any move to shut down the 600-mile pipeline from Kirkuk to Turkey 's Mediterranean port at Ceyhan would have little near-term impact , since most of Iraq 's oil exports flow from the south , hundreds of miles from the country 's border with Turkey .
Furthermore , the Turkish military can increase the pressure on Iraqi Kurds with far less drastic measures . It can close the two countries ' principal border crossing , an important route for food , fuel , and other goods headed for Iraqi Kurds .
Both Sunni Arabs and Kurds already resent al Maliki 's mild reaction to Iran 's recent shelling of Iraqi territory -- an attempt to strike at Iranian Kurdish militants fleeing across its border with Iraq .
Ciudad Juárez , a sprawling Mexican border town that is now the homicide capital of the world , would have to be high on the list .
But the language used by the Obama administration to describe the violence and state corruption that snakes from the Andes to the US border is starting to capture new thinking on narcotics .
However , in order to fulfill that promise , the industrialized world must give Africa a chance through the emerging international carbon market .
Any return of the Golan Heights to Syria would result in an `` Iranian foothold '' on Israel 's border and would thus not only be politically naïve but irrational .
JERUSALEM -- Israelis and Palestinians are preparing for a showdown at the United Nations in September , when the Palestinian leadership will ask for recognition of a Palestinian state within the borders that existed before the Six Day War in 1967 -LRB- when Israel seized control of Jordanian-occupied territory -RRB- .
But a sober assessment of what might follow a UN endorsement of Palestine 's borders allows for some cautious optimism .
Drafted with reference to UN Resolution 181 -LRB- which partitioned Palestine in 1947 -RRB- , such a motion would reaffirm the establishment of a Palestinian state and a state for the Jewish people , based on the 1967 borders , with mutually agreed border adjustments and security arrangements .
Worse , given the splintering of rebel forces in the South , where an estimated 80 tribes and clans control their own militias , a military response could generate a power vacuum in Sudan and destabilize the nine countries -- many of them fragile or failed states -- on its borders .
· To maintain deterrence and defend Israel and its citizens from cross-border attacks ;
The alternative to a world in which America guarantees global prosperity and stability within a liberal order is one of increasing conflict , replete with mercantilism , protectionism , and currency wars .
Only a multilateral settlement among all major actors can ensure a smoothly working global order -- a cause advanced in late 2008 , when the technical G-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance .
The present `` currency war '' is but another sign of that disorder .
Indeed , while hubris and the crisis have seriously undermined the world 's `` hyperpower , '' no multipolar order has emerged to follow America 's `` unipolar moment . ''
The task is even more daunting than in the years after 1945 , for today a number of fiercely independent-minded , aspiring world powers must be herded into the global order .
More strikingly , some of our hopes for a new social order also crashed against the rocks of the new rules of the game .
His control of his party should help him reach the necessary compromises he will need to make with other parties in order to govern effectively .
Foreign donors must insist that Pakistan reform its economy in order to escape the moral hazard implied by continued dependence on aid flows .
The `` Addu Declaration , '' issued after the conclusion of the meeting , promised small moves by the eight SAARC member states , rather than a breakthrough on matters such as the settlement of trade disputes , granting of transit rights , and encouragement of cross-border investments .
The records contained firsthand accounts of the anger felt by Americans at the ISI 's unwillingness to confront the insurgents , in particular those who were attacking US and NATO troops near the Pakistani border .
They left the impression that Britain was prepared to humiliate Pakistan publicly in order to curry favor with the Indians .
The strategy may work over the short term in winning export orders for British firms from India .
Only a politician who has the support of major constituencies can hope to restore political order and economic health , and Musharraf is presenting himself as a candidate whom the military might support .
The Pashtuns have their own party , the National Awami Party , which governs the newly named province of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , on the border with Afghanistan .
Complicating the situation , however , is the fact that the Haqqanis are operating out of North Waziristan , one of the tribal agencies located in the border area between Afghanistan and Pakistan , and is fiercely opposed to the presence of America and NATO troops in their country .
Pakistan let the US use its air bases to launch drone attacks on Taliban fighters in Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan ; allowed its territory to be used as a supply route for NATO forces in landlocked Afghanistan ; and , less enthusiastically than the US wished , launched military operations against Taliban sanctuaries on the Pakistani side of the porous border with Afghanistan .
This alerted Pakistan to the fact that , with the imminent departure of US troops , it would be left alone to fight the insurgency on both sides of its border with Afghanistan .
After the identity of the CIA 's station chief in Pakistan was exposed -LRB- probably by Pakistani military officials -RRB- , America made it known that it had good evidence that a prominent Pakistani journalist was ordered murdered by ISI .
He wanted to limit musical expression to sounds that were conducive to harmony and order .
Rock music was severely restricted in Communist dictatorships , just as jazz was in Nazi Germany , for all the Platonic reasons : uncontrolled passions were seen as a threat to the perfect order of the state .
In the US , especially , the borderlines between showbiz and politics -LRB- or indeed religion -RRB- have always been porous .
Belgium , after all , became an independent state in 1830 , precisely in order to liberate the Catholic Flemish , as well as the Walloons , from being second-class subjects in a Protestant Dutch monarchy .
Obama is unlikely to repeat the mistakes of the neo-cons . But , in order to succeed , he will have to save some of their ideals from the ruins of their disastrous policies .
Japan was never formally colonized , but it , too , felt the West 's dominance , at least since the 1850 's , when American ships laden with heavy guns forced the country to open its borders on Western terms .
The Chinese government was heavy-handed , to be sure , but had a perfect right to restore order in the streets .
The cop , joined by several colleagues , arrested the professor for disorderly conduct .
Even if the DPJ fails to implement most of its reforms in short order , the fact that Japanese voters opted for change will invigorate their country 's democracy .
A firm rejection of the one-party state will also reverberate far beyond Japan 's borders .
As a co-founder of Doctors Without Borders , he stated that `` we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else 's country . ''
Others criticized the triumphalism of the `` new world order '' promised by George H.W. Bush .
And , as in Italy , a right-wing party , backed by the US , dominated politics for decades in order to crush any chance for the left to take power .
And yet , in order to begin a transition to more democratic forms of government , it helps to be a client state of the US .
The post-war political order , though no longer belligerent , was just as murky , with bureaucrats acting as the puppeteers of underfunded and ill-informed politicians , who operated regional pork-barrel operations together with big business , which in turn worked in cahoots with the bureaucrats .
Its strength is belief itself -- belief in a moral order that defies secular , or , indeed , religious dictators .
Bernard Kouchner , the founder of Doctors Without Borders , wanted the world to intervene in Nigeria in 1970 , because he saw the killing of Ibos by Nigerian troops as a genocidal echo of Auschwitz .
It is true that the Dutch , proud and comfortable inside their narrow borders , have , like the Swiss , often viewed the outside world with a degree of smugness .
Sometimes the wounds of the past are so fresh that even democratic governments deliberately impose silence in order to foster unity .
On the contrary , it is precisely the middle class , bought off by promises of ever-greater material gains , that hopes to conserve the current political order .
Nationalism became lethal when the economy crashed , and social unrest threatened to upset the political order .
If it were generally accepted , it would imply that the EU now holds official moral doctrines , and that allegiance to these doctrines is required in order to exercise the full right of citizens to serve in a public capacity .
Since then , South Korean intelligence institutions have been assessing Kim Jong-il 's ability to organize an orderly dynastic succession .
In the meantime , the armed forces appear to remain loyal to Kim , willing to carry out his orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war , such as by sinking the South Korean naval ship Cheonan in March and warning of `` powerful nuclear deterrence '' against joint South Korean and American military drills .
The notion of `` sustainability '' comes from environmentalism , which seeks to protect the earth and its atmosphere in order to sustain indefinitely human life of a good quality .
Europe needs good relations with both in order to penetrate growing markets , tap sources for raw materials and energy , and ensure its own domestic stability , whereas many Europeans believe that US policies alienate these regions .
WASHINGTON , DC -- While the rich world puts its post-crisis house in order , developing countries as a whole are becoming the new engine of global growth .
Similarly , the government cut the department governors ' revenue in order to finance an expanded pension plan and weaken them politically and economically .
A presidential order recalling the unionist , police , and army troops is urgently needed to avoid greater tragedy -LRB- there have already been 30 deaths in the last two years -RRB- and create conditions for dialogue and a democratic covenant with regional , civic , and political opposition forces .
Moreover , for the first time , Colombia 's neighbors seem willing to abandon Latin America 's traditional `` hands-off '' policy in order to offer assistance .
The unwavering US position since Dwight Eisenhower 's administration has been that Israel 's borders coincide with those established in 1949 , and , since 1967 , the universally adopted UN Resolution 242 has mandated Israel 's withdrawal from the occupied territories .
Hamas wishes now to consolidate its political gains , maintain domestic order and stability , and refrain from any contacts with Israel .
Except for mutually agreeable negotiated modifications , Israel 's official pre-1967 borders must be honored .
To decide whether Mladic acted on Serbia 's account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific `` instructions '' to commit this act of genocide .
First , in a modern democracy , punishment must be not only retributive , but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings .
However , a decision-making body consisting of delegates from Kosovo , Serbia , and the European Union would be given full authority over major foreign policy issues -LRB- for example , alliances and relations with international economic institutions -RRB- , defense , borders -LRB- in case Kosovo wished to join with Albania -RRB- , and the treatment of Kosovo 's Serbian minority .
The Court 's jurisdiction over the crimes in Darfur has been established pursuant to a binding decision of the United Nations Security Council , which means that even states that are not parties to the ICC statute must execute the Court 's orders and warrants .
Second , Moreno-Ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only Sudan 's president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned , ordered , and organized the massive crimes in Darfur .
From the 1960 's onwards , bombs and death were the order of the day in regions like Northern Ireland , Corsica -LRB- France -RRB- , South Tyrol -LRB- Italy -RRB- , and the Basque country -LRB- Spain -RRB- .
They are finding themselves forced to shift their own rhetoric and attitude in order to dampen their defense of policies viewed as pro-American or US-inspired , and to stiffen their resistance to Washington 's demands and desires .
In fact , none of the major economic and social reforms Mexico desperately needs in order to grow more rapidly , distribute wealth more evenly , and combat poverty more effectively can be passed if the institutional scaffolding is not rebuilt .
That is what Calderón can and must do in order to render moot today 's debates about the fairness of the election that brought him to power .
Where Bush fared best , perhaps , was in Mérida , Mexico , where Felipe Calderón not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are -- though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries ' border &#45; &#45; but got in return what he needed , and wanted most .
Meanwhile , the three main parties -- the National Action Party -LRB- PAN -RRB- , the Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- PRI -RRB- , and the Party of the Democratic Revolution -LRB- PRD -RRB- -- united in order to keep newcomers out of the electoral arena .
Instead , they began to settle in communities farther from the border , greatly increasing the stock of Mexicans in the US .
But the Vietnamese or Chinese roads are unacceptable in Latin America , which has made huge progress in transforming advances in democracy and respect for human rights into a regional legal order that goes beyond national sovereignty or the sacrosanct principle of non-intervention .
The consequences of a new terrorist outrage originating from any nation south of the US-Mexican border would be devastating for that country , let alone for the victims of such an attack .
Traditionally a Mexican , Central American , and Caribbean matter , it has now reached Brazil , Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador , and beyond . Every flight from Sao Paulo to Mexico City carries dozens of low-income Brazilians , who have already paid their pollero , or `` people-smuggler , '' to route them on from the Mexican capital to the northern border .
Last year , I visited the main jumping-off point on the US-Mexican border : El Sasabe on the Sonora-Arizona border .
America can not stem this tide by closing its borders ; but it can regulate the tide by legalizing and humanizing it , and by helping to create conditions in Latin America where life-threatening emigration is not the only way out .
The Bush administration 's regrettable decision to build fences along the US-Mexico border , raid workplaces and housing sites , detain and deport foreigners without papers , is viewed in Latin America as being hypocritical and offensive .
But , given the likelihood that Democrats will retain their majorities in the US Congress , even McCain would need to modify the agreement with Colombia in order to get it passed .
Mexico 's War of Choice MEXICO CITY -- Three years ago this month , Mexican President Felipe Calderón donned military fatigues and declared a full-scale war on drugs , ordering the Army into Mexico 's streets , highways , and villages .
Powell enumerated four conditions that must be satisfied in order to succeed in a military operation .
He will probably be more aggressive in responding to neighboring Venezuela 's challenges , both on the border and throughout the region .
President Daniel Ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually , and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem , from electoral fraud to dissolving Congress and the judiciary , in order to achieve his aims .
Regional wars and border conflicts have existed since time immemorial in Latin America .
There was the Chaco war and the Chilean-Bolivian conflagration in the nineteenth century , the so called `` Soccer War '' between Honduras and El Salvador in the 1960 's , the clash between Ecuador and Peru in the 1980 's , and Antarctic border disputes between Chile and Argentina that were finally settled in the early 1990 's . But the main reason for heavy military spending in Latin America has always been chiefly domestic .
O Brasil , país grande '' is a universal slogan in South America 's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers can not easily be patrolled .
We need final and complete ratification of the Lisbon Treaty in order to have the institutionally and internationally stronger European Union we need .
President Barack Obama recently journeyed to Moscow in order to `` reset '' strained United States-Russian ties .
Those with a sense of history will also see the significance of Europe 's nation states , which not long ago fought each other continuously , now pooling their foreign policies in order to assert them more vigorously on the global stage .
As drug lords were arrested , the equilibrium between gangs was destroyed , paving the way to a war between the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels -- the two largest -- which has generated enormous violence , as well as sharp US protests because of the impact of the fighting along the border .
The challenge today is thus to understand the processes of tumor dormancy and metastasis better , in order to determine more accurately which patients will benefit from long-term therapy .
Two years into his term , Ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow him to seek a second consecutive term .
In this context , to deny the Holocaust is to reject its modern association with evil , and implies that what happened during the Holocaust could be accommodated under a different moral order .
Unlocking this secret may help doctors prevent , treat , or eliminate some chronic pain disorders .
This led Bush to seek to adjust the international order to India 's benefit , most notably by negotiating an exemption from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty for India .
Every now and then , particularly before elections , caste groups demand to be placed on the list of `` other backwards classes '' -LRB- OBC 's -RRB- , in order to benefit from these reservations .
McCain , Clinton and Obama support `` comprehensive reform '' -- code words for the ying and yang of managing anti-immigrant sentiment here : give Americans some promises of secure borders and they 'll swallow giving the undocumented a path to citizenship . -LRB- No one mentions in this bargain , that the United States has already spent billions to secure ouitsr borders and nonetheless some 500,000 illegal immigrants a year continue to come , but that 's another story . -RRB-
For example , China now includes the South China Sea in its `` core '' national interests , on a par with Taiwan and Tibet , in order to stake a virtually exclusive claim to military operations there .
Indian defense officials have reported a rising number of Chinese military incursions across the 4,057-kilometer Himalayan border .
But , in order to displace the US and assume the mantle of leadership in Asia , China must do more than pursue its own interests or contain potential rivals .
A Scramble for Asia ? NEW DELHI -- Asia 's festering Cold War-era territorial and maritime disputes highlight the fact that securing long-term region-wide peace depends on respect for existing borders .
Similarly , authoritative texts refer to border conflicts against India -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , the Soviet Union -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , and Vietnam -LRB- 1979 -RRB- as ` Self-Defense Counter Attacks . ' '' The seizure of the Paracel Islands from Vietnam in 1974 by Chinese forces was another example of offense as defense .
With the Chinese Communist Party increasingly dependent on the military to maintain its monopoly on power and ensure domestic order , senior military officers are overtly influencing foreign policy .
By signaling that the present China-North Korea border may not be final , Beijing has raised the specter of potential tensions over frontiers in the future .
Against this geopolitical background , Asia 's power dynamics are likely to remain fluid , with new or shifting alliances and strengthened military capabilities continuing to challenge the prevailing order .
To compound the situation , the political border between Afghanistan and Pakistan has now ceased to exist in practice .
The 2,640-kilometer Durand Line , a British-colonial invention that divided the large Pashtun community when it was established in 1893 as the border between British-led India and Afghanistan , has long been despised and rejected by Afghanistan .
The disappearance of the Af-Pak political border seems irreversible , undermining Pakistan 's own territorial integrity .
While his supporters have staged protests against the police raid and interrogation of their leader , Indian officials have expressed apprehension that China may be funding Ogyen Trinley Dorje as part of a plan to influence the Karmapa 's Kagyu sect , which controls important monasteries along the militarized Indo-Tibetan border .
Historically , the Dalai Lamas and Karmapa Lamas vied with each other for influence until the Dalai Lama 's Gelug school gained ascendancy over the Kagyu order .
The previous Karmapa Lama died in 1981 , and the controversy over his successor that has raged ever since also epitomizes a struggle for control of the $ 1.5 billion in assets held by the Kagyu order , the richest in Tibetan Buddhism .
Once again , we see that the real terrorist sanctuaries are located not along Pakistan 's borders with Afghanistan and India , but in the Pakistani heartland .
After dictator Pervez Musharraf was driven out of office , the new Pakistani civilian government ordered the ISI to report to the interior ministry , but received no support from the US for this effort to assert civilian control , allowing the army to quickly frustrate the effort .
In order to deflect attention from the real plan , the state-run media reported plans to turn the Varyag into a `` floating casino '' near Macau .
It was known that Gwadar , which overlooks Gulf shipping lanes and is near the Iran border , would eventually double as a naval base .
Thanks to ethnic polarization , the Durand Line , or the Afghanistan-Pakistan border , exists today only on maps .
No other country has ever managed to assume such unchallenged riparian preeminence on a continent by controlling the headwaters of multiple international rivers and manipulating their cross-border flows .
This makes China the source of cross-border water flows to the largest number of countries in the world .
Those disputes are bound to worsen , given China 's new focus on erecting mega-dams , best symbolized by its latest addition on the Mekong -- the 4,200-megawatt Xiaowan Dam , which dwarfs Paris 's Eiffel Tower in height -- and a 38,000-megawatt dam planned on the Brahmaputra at Metog , close to the disputed border with India .
For Asia , the most important consequence of the fall of the Berlin Wall was that the collapse of communism produced a shift from the primacy of military power to economic power in shaping the international order .
Asia 's changing power dynamics are reflected in China 's increasingly assertive foreign policy , the new Japanese government 's demand for an `` equal '' relationship with the United States , and the sharpening Sino-Indian rivalry , which has led to renewed Himalayan border tensions .
And , while Asia -- with the world 's fastest-growing markets , fastest-rising military expenditures , and most-volatile hot spots -- holds the key to the future global order , its major powers remain at loggerheads .
Not since Japan rose to world-power status during the Meiji emperor 's reign in the second half of the nineteenth century has another non-Western power emerged with such potential to alter the world order as China today .
Moreover , in October 2006 , the State Council -- China 's cabinet -- issued nine directives ordering that Chinese overseas businesses , among other things , `` pay attention to environmental protection , '' `` support local community and people 's livelihood cause , '' and `` preserve China 's good image and its good corporate reputation . ''
On November 25 , 2003 , India and Pakistan agreed to a cease-fire along the Line of Control -LRB- LoC -RRB- , the international border that divides Indian Kashmir from Pakistani Kashmir , as well as the actual ground control -LRB- AGPL -RRB- in strategic Siachen region .
The cease-fire thus covers a huge area : the 778-kilometer LoC , the 150-kilometer AGPL and the 198-kilometer international border .
A brave concession , no doubt , but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement : it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism -- in particular , the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren .
And , while many Parkinson 's patients report significant benefits from DBS , it has shown a greater incidence of serious adverse effects , such as nervous system and psychiatric disorders and a higher suicide rate .
The Sudanese armed forces have bombed areas along the North-South border .
However , this will remain a futile mission until the armed forces are professionalized and depoliticized through reorientation to external defense , border security , and special operations .
The objective of amoral foreign policy is to sustain order in an anarchic international system by ensuring tolerance and pluralism among a number of independent actors .
There is also a different order of priorities between weak and strong states .
In countries where order may break down at any moment , it may not be better -- as it is in stable , well ordered countries -- to let ten guilty men go free rather than punish one innocent man wrongly .
In practice , order must be established before it can be limited by the rule of law and international human rights norms .
In fact , EU regulations demand that pigs be raised and killed as humanely as possible , in order to make them suffer as little as possible .
Indeed , he developed a cult for Marshall Ion Antonescu , Romania 's dictator between 1940-1944 and Hitler 's ally , who was responsible of ordering the massacre of about 200,000 Jews .
Opiates flow freely across borders into Iran , Pakistan , and other Central Asian countries .
Furthermore , Afghanistan 's neighbors must do more to stop insurgents , weapons , money , and chemical precursors from flowing across their borders into the country .
The idea that it is rational for a company to incur enormous losses by selling below cost in order to achieve or maintain a monopoly position has been roundly criticized by economists who argue that situations in which such losses can be recouped by subsequent monopoly profits are extremely rare .
The tribunal and the local courts imprisoned 13 of those who gave the orders , as well as 17 execution-squad members ; 11 more men , four of them leaders , are facing their reckoning .
We know when , where , and to whom Mladi? issued the kill order .
We know that a Serb officer defied Mladi? and refused to order his men to partake in mass murder .
This can succeed only if we engage in vigorous exchange with each other in order to create a kind of mutual respect for these different views .
Even then , it took much longer than eighteen months to establish viable democratic orders .
The road from the collapse of a dictatorial regime backed by ideology to a more liberal order leads through a valley of tears .
Such hard power means `` law and order '' within and military might without .
Hamilton went on to make the case for the independence of judges in order to strengthen their position , and this case remains unassailable .
They are in fact borders , as they are drawn most dramatically between the parts of what used to be Yugoslavia .
Active citizens who defend the liberal order must thus be its safeguard .
Both were to be achieved within a liberal order .
Things in Iraq may not be as bad as the daily news of bomb attacks make events there sound ; but it is clear that there will be no lasting progress towards a liberal order in that country without basic security .
Security must not become a pretext for the suspending and destroying the liberal order .
It is aimed at what used to be called the West , that is , a liberal order of things , a free world .
The status of the prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay and the recent incidents of possibly systematic humiliation and torture of Iraqi prisoners cast doubt on the very values on which a liberal order is based .
Terrorism aimed at the destruction of the liberal order is a test of that order .
This is particularly so if one accepts - as I do - intervention in the internal affairs of countries in order to prevent genocide or the murderous suppression of minorities and opposition groups .
Such assistance will not yield immediate results , but awareness of the medium term - which means readiness to face it by delaying immediate gratification - is also a sign of a liberal order .
It is proper to assume that Secretary Rumsfeld did not condone , let alone order , the abuse of Iraqi prisoners .
After all , it might be the case that national elections in a place groping for a democratic future are not the best first step on the road to a liberal order .
They confirm that the conditions for a democratic order are present .
What one might call `` the liberal order '' requires at least two institutional ingredients .
Perhaps the entry of the United States into the -LRB- European -RRB- war had something to do with the post-war order .
But there were actually two views about that order .
Was George W. Bush the legitimately elected President of the United States in his first term , having gained office only after America 's Supreme Court ordered an end to the Florida recount and with Bush having secured only a minority of the votes nationwide ?
Diversity is a better guarantee of openness than even merit , and openness is the real hallmark of a liberal order .
There can be no liberal order without political democracy , but today we are frequently reminded that political democracy alone does not guarantee a liberal order .
They must be embedded in a much more complex institutional framework , which I would describe as the liberal order .
The first feature of the liberal order is that democracies must not tolerate those who set out to destroy democracy .
This is where the second pillar of a liberal order comes into play : the rule of law .
The rule of secular law is the most delicate prerequisite of a liberal order .
This is where the third element of a liberal order comes into play : civil society .
A plurality of civic associations and activities -- regulated but not controlled by the state , and free to express its views and even to demonstrate its -LRB- diverse -RRB- sentiments publicly -- is the most powerful pillar of a liberal order .
The program of spreading the liberal order requires a much more sophisticated approach .
Instead of rejoicing in the liberal order , those of us who have the pleasure of living under it have had to struggle to keep it intact and strong .
Now , even the fundamental right of a liberal order , free speech , is under pressure .
In particular , they do not create a liberal order .
All governments have acquired the habit of using secondary legislation by orders and regulations without parliamentary control .
Even if there is an `` orderly transition '' -- a term much used about Tony Blair and Gordon Brown at the moment -- it is accompanied by sorrow , or at least by pain .
Beyond that , populist episodes are signs of an underlying instability that neither serves national progress nor contributes to international order .
Those structures are gone forever , but a liberal-democratic order can not succeed through situational politics built on popular resentments .
Cartoons of Mohammed are not published , and Mozart 's opera Idomeneo is not performed in order to avoid offending religious sensitivities ; and when , in the end , the publication and the performance take place , they become a demonstration almost intended to offend .
Rich countries need immigrants nowadays in order to fill the jobs that Adair Turner , in his book Just Capital , calls `` high-touch '' jobs .
But is it right to suspend the democratic interplay of government and opposition in order to solve major problems ?
Law and order is on the agenda of most governments , but many voters feel that it still does not have proper prominence .
Genetic engineering rests on the manipulation of DNA molecules -LRB- whether real or artificially constructed -RRB- in order to reprogram foreign cells .
When an economy eats into its productive base in order to raise current production , eventually GNP will decline , too , unless policies were to so change that wealth begins to accumulate .
Instead the Bush administration decided to wage the war essentially on its own ; for this kind of small war , it really did not need its European allies , although in the latter stages of the fighting , French Mirage jets , and British , German , Danish , and Norwegian special forces troops were active in battles in the mountains along the Afghanistan\/Pakistan border .
The questions we must ask are , first , whether this upsurge of far-right , anti-immigrant , law-and-order parties is part of an evolving crisis in Europe 's traditional model of parliamentary democracy ; and second , whether it represents the precursor of a major crisis about the future of the European Union .
Moreover , the banks assume that they will need to hold more capital than regulators ostensibly require in order to maintain a margin of safety .
For example , Paul De Grauwe of the University of Leuvem has proposed that the European Central Bank should intervene when exchange-rate developments are out of touch with economic reality , in order to send a signal to the markets .
In order to enter into force around the world before 2013 , the Copenhagen agreement must meet the political requirements of all participating countries .
But , in order to coordinate energy strategies and strengthen energy security , last year the organization launched a club that unites energy-producing and energy-consuming states , transit countries , and private companies .
The EU has money and the SCO organization , most of whose members border Afghanistan , has trained personnel and direct experience in the region .
This would give the authorities room to address the country 's daunting longer-term policy agenda -- including a major reform of the costly pension system , an overhaul of the tax system , and strengthening the bankruptcy framework -- that Brazil must face in order to boost competitiveness .
Moreover , most FDI promotion agencies in the region lack the minimum financial and human resources needed in order to be effective , owing to governments ' lack of political will to support them and to eliminate parallel processes that confuse investors .
To avoid a continuation of conflict and aid-dependency , the main focus of the international aid commitment should be to reactivate small enterprises and promote startup companies in various sectors in order to create viable economies that enable people to earn a legal and decent living .
Obama has been so committed to that cautious policy that even now , with the unemployment rate kissing 10 % , he will not grab for the low-hanging fruit and call for an additional $ 200 billion of federal aid to the states over the next three years in order to prevent further layoffs of teachers .
And , in order to move forward on long-term budget balance , Obama has appointed a fiscal arsonist , Republican ex-Senator Alan Simpson , as one of his fire chiefs -- one of the two co-chairs of his deficit reduction commission .
Since cumulative construction spending was $ 300 billion above trend , it would have to run $ 300 billion below trend over a number of years in order to return to balance .
Summers was criticizing Europe 's focus on the second-order issue of Greece while far graver imbalances -- between the EU 's north and south , and between reckless banks ' creditors and governments that failed to regulate properly -- worsen with each passing day .
As the University of Chicago 's Dan Drezner puts it , the logic of Bush 's National Security Strategy is to `` prevent other great powers from rising , in order to ensure the long-term growth of freedom , democracy , and prosperity . ''
I recall sitting in the back of the White House 's Roosevelt Room and watching , amazed , as he guided meetings of the National Economic Council to the consensus he wanted by little more than raising his eyebrows and calling on people in the appropriate order .
We looked at how extraordinarily strongly the world 's system of relative prices was tilted against the poor : how cheap were the products they exported , and how expensive were the capital goods that they needed to import in order to industrialize and develop .
With capital controls , people who badly want to move their capital across borders ca n't - unless they find some complaisant bureaucrat .
Incomes stagnated , but the institutional order endured .
But while Western Europe 's post-war institutional order has worked almost miraculously well in historical terms , voters have narrower views and focus on more private concerns .
They are more likely to judge a party , a regime , or an institutional order by asking , `` What have you done for me lately ? ''
It seemed that this was the natural order of things .
Declining investment rates in Japan , the newly-industrializing Asian economies , and Latin America , in that order of importance , have fueled the flood of savings into US government bonds , US mortgage-backed securities , and US equity-backed loans -- the capital-account equivalent of America 's enormous trade deficit .
Some focused on the `` conservative '' : they expected the Bush administration 's fiscal policy to keep a tight rein on spending and to eliminate many programs in order to finance significant tax cuts .
But then a strange thing happened : the Bush administration did not order any of the three options that were thought to be on the menu .
Thus , in order to keep the current-account deficit stable , the trade deficit must shrink .
There was , Friedman believed , something intrinsically bad about government commanding and ordering people about &#45; &#45; even if the government did know what it was doing .
In such a global financial crisis , if the Federal Reserve accommodates inflation and accelerates devaluation in order to prevent collapsing employment in formerly foreign capital-financed sectors from spiraling into a depression , American debt will be among the worst affected assets ?
It is hard to imagine that manufacturers are not now postponing orders of capitals goods , and that new home sales in America are not dropping right now .
To cause a significant current evil in order to avoid a possible future danger when our knowledge is limited and our judgments uncertain is , Greenspan believes , unwise .
Four years ago , I would have said that the principal source of international economic disorder was made in America . That has passed as a result of the dollar 's decline and the ebbing political strength of right-wing populist factions in the US that seek ever-greater redistribution to the rich fueled by ever-increasing tax cuts and ever-rising long-term deficits .
Today , the principal source of international economic disorder is made in China , owing to factions inside its government that hope to avoid a more-rapid appreciation of the renminbi 's value .
My principles would start from the observation that market economies and free and democratic societies are built atop a very old foundation of human sociability , communication , and interdependence . That foundation had a hard enough time functioning when human societies had 60 members -- eight orders of magnitude less than our current global society 's six billion .
Average unemployment would then have to rise in order to keep workers ' demands for real wage increases at a level warranted by productivity growth .
And a higher-debt America is one in which savers and lenders would have a justified greater fear that the government would resort to inflation in order to repudiate part of its outstanding debt .
The Federal Reserve would then have to fight inflation -- putting upward pressure on unemployment -- in order to reassure savers and lenders of its willingness to guard price stability .
Of course , governments need to run deficits in depressions in order to stimulate demand and stem rising unemployment .
Those of us who served in the Clinton administration and worked hard to put America 's finances in order and turn deficits into surpluses are keenly aware that , after eight years of the George W. Bush administration , things look worse than when we started back in 1993 .
On the financial side , however , the magnitude of the chaos is staggering : mammoth failures of risk management on the part of highly leveraged financial institutions that must be first-rate risk managers in order to survive .
According to the followers of Knut Wicksell , the central bank must keep the market rate of interest near the natural rate of interest . No , said the followers of John Maynard Keynes , it must offset swings in business animal spirits in order to stabilize aggregate demand .
? Keep as much economic activity as possible under private-sector control , in order to ensure that what is produced is what consumers really want .
With that guarantee broken by Lehman Brothers ' collapse , every financial institution immediately sought to acquire a much greater capital cushion in order to avoid the need to draw on government support , but found it impossible to do so .
So does the ability of households to borrow and lend in order not to be forced to match income and expenditure every day , week , month , or year .
· the Fed and the Treasury decided to let Lehman Brothers go into uncontrolled bankruptcy in order to try to teach financiers that having an ill-capitalized counterparty was not without risk , and that people should not expect the government to come to their rescue automatically .
There is , however , a lively debate about whether there was a fourth big mistake : Alan Greenspan 's decision in 2001-2004 to push and keep nominal interest rates on US Treasury securities very low in order to try to keep the economy near full employment .
In other words , should Greenspan have kept interest rates higher and triggered a recession in order to avert the growth of a housing bubble ?
Other models have large quarterly shocks to the depreciation rate in the capital stock -LRB- in order to generate high asset price volatilities -RRB- ... ''
Economist Andy Xie , formerly with Morgan Stanley , proposed last week that China trade its dollar assets for shares in US companies on a grand scale , challenging America to overcome its financial xenophobia in order to avert a disaster of undercapitalization .
Rather than pressure China to shut down the cross-border flow of fuel and food in order to `` teach Pyongyang a lesson , '' the US and its allies must find ways to support North Korea 's economic integration with the region .
Doing so reveals the role left to America and South Korea to engage the North in order to revive the denuclearization process and repair inter-Korean relations .
Indeed , trade overshadows aid , and China -- led by its border provinces -- is now North Korea 's main trading partner and source of foreign investment .
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced a major trade package during his trip to Pyongyang last November , perhaps on the order of $ 10 billion .
There has also been renewed interest in developing the port city of Rason near the China-Russia-North Korea border as a special economic zone .
Kim apparently reiterated his government 's willingness to return to the talks , but the question is what kind of assurances he was able to give Hu in order to persuade a wary US and hostile South Korea that he is really ready to deal .
That the partnership was destroyed in 1963 , three years after its birth , in order to convert it into a Greek Cypriot Republic forms part of `` the Confessions '' of Mr. Glafkos Clerides -LRB- a leader of the Greek Cypriots at the time of the division -RRB- , in his memoirs , '' My Deposition , '' vol 3 , page 105 as follows :
For in order to bring an end to the division of Cyprus respect for the rule of law is necessary , and this requires that the two ex-cofounders of the Republic are treated as equals .
The same model can and should be followed elsewhere in the troubled lands that border the European Union .
In his now famous thesis on the `` Clash of Civilizations '' he gave Turkey as an example of a '' torn country , '' one divided internally , according to him , between East and West , a country neither in Europe nor in the Middle East , with a fault line running within rather than at the border .
The `` borders '' between East and West that Ataturk largely abolished in Turkey must not be allowed to form again in the minds of a new generation .
No doubt the challenge for Europe of integrating a large Turkey , bordering on the Middle East , is great .
Tangible progress is needed in global trade negotiations in order to signal that the world economy will remain open .
At this point , all of them are under threat of destruction , thanks to the influential voice of the Islamist leader Mullah Fazlullah , whose father-in-law , Sufi Mohammad , founded one of the extremist orders .
This order was responsible for bringing more than 10,000 jihadi fighters to Afghanistan to fight alongside Taliban soldiers against the United States in 2001 .
In the past few months , every time I visited an Asian country -- whether South Korea or India , China or Japan -- I was asked repeatedly about candidate Obama 's positions on three issues : trade , foreign policy , and the new geo-economic order .
So Asians are keen to hear Obama 's thoughts about a new or renewed international system , and hope that his vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of Asia as America 's partners .
It has been several years since private investors and states began buying and leasing millions of hectares of farmland worldwide in order to secure their domestic supply of food , raw commodities , and biofuels , or to get subsidies for carbon storage through plantations .
Such a Europe is better placed to contribute to a fairer international order than the narrow , bitter Europe the xenophobes have in mind .
The best response to intolerant extremism is to cultivate an open and pluralistic society that treats all those who live within its borders as full citizens .
Local officials and managers had a variety of reasons for not complying with the NDRC 's order .
More importantly , the model 's dependence on aggressive defense of patents and high profit margins , in order to generate the all-important $ 1 billion per annum , keeps companies from serving target markets effectively by providing products that are relevant , affordable , and accessible .
In order to gain legal `` standing '' to sue Myriad Genetics , critics of genetic patents -- including the American Medical Association , the American Society of Human Genetics , and the American Civil Liberties Union -- had to find an issue that could be adjudicated on a constitutional basis .
The military leaders have shown that they can mobilize their forces in short order when they want , as evidenced by their violent crack down on thousands of monks and political activists last year .
They will need quickly to face up to the reality that in order to pursue US interests in the region , including stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan , the current standoff with Iran can not continue , and that a greater degree of cooperation is unavoidable .
But , for older journalists like me , there is a strong sense of déjà vu -- the controls hark back to the times of the partyless absolute monarchy that existed here before 1990 , when self-censorship was the order of the day .
In his speech on February 1 , King Gyanendra said the Nepali people would have to temporarily give up democracy in order to save democracy , and many Nepalese will go along with that , at least for a while .
If they do Serbia will sail on - slowly , without spectacular successes , in a disorderly way , but peacefully and in the right direction .
In 1967 , researchers produced a genetic tree of a score of animals and fungi that had virtually the same branching order as would have been drawn by a classical biologist , even though their computer was utterly ignorant of the comparative anatomy , paleontology , embryology , and other non-molecular attributes of these creatures .
First , in order to stem the inflationary impact of a currency collapse , the central bank imposes extremely high real interest rates .
The Euro will , also in time , deploy important economic benefits making Europe more integrated with better financial markets and lower transactions costs for cross-border business .
Public works programs on the order of what took place in the 1930s might be enacted , but that is good for jobs , not the budget .
The argument for the latter is simple : with national currencies eliminated and everything priced in Euros , how can similar cars or loaves of bread have different prices on either side of a border ?
Of course free trade exists in principle , but there are often important snags at borders and within countries .
Now , though , the global economic crisis is sapping developed countries ' shaky efforts to fulfill their commitments for official development assistance -LRB- ODA -RRB- in order to achieve the United Nations ' Millennium Development Goals -LRB- MDGs -RRB- .
In order to counteract suspicious behavior -- such as traders requesting permission to invest amounts that are above their speculative-position limits -- the Commission lifted exemptions for two firms trading in maize , wheat , and soybean futures .
What Octavio Paz once called Mexico 's `` labyrinth of solitude '' toward the world beyond its borders was built on a sense of inferiority and a propensity for passivity .
George Bush 's immigration policy is a big piñata hanging across the border between Mexico and the United States .
Without these five components , any immigration proposal will not cut back on the number of deaths among those seeking to cross the border , or the existence of an abused underclass , or the persistence of temporary and legal employment that becomes permanent and illegal employment .
We need NATO and NATO needs us in order to face common threats and challenges .
If a `` surplus country '' such as Germany wanted to lower non-wage labor costs and increase value-added tax in order to boost its competitiveness , it would simultaneously have to adopt an expansive fiscal policy to compensate for the negative effects on its partners ' foreign trade .
With enough data , we can then figure out that the same `` disease '' is in fact a variety of different disorders , some susceptible to particular known treatments and some susceptible to others or simply incurable .
The CIO also needs to take a serious look at information security -- in conjunction with the CIOs of other countries -LRB- since cybercrime knows no borders -RRB- .
The free flow of capital from these regions ' SWFs to corporations in the advanced countries is crucial in order to balance the global economy and provide liquidity to financial markets , especially given the prospect of another recession in the West .
Although recent reports of the International Working Group of sovereign funds have indicated the difficulties in applying uniform governance standards , several measures are needed in order to bring Libya back to global capital markets .
This means that in order to compete successfully with China , Latin American countries will need to increase productivity growth .
But Brazil and Mexico are not the only ones hit by financial volatility : Chile 's currency has lost a third of its value , in Peru the cost of external financing has soared , and in Argentina the government has had to resort to extreme measures -- such as the nationalization of the pension system -- in order to avert an imminent fiscal calamity .
There are examples , in polygamous societies , of royal concubines murdering each other 's children in order to assure the predominance of their genetic line .
In parliamentary debates , fierce ideological battles may be the order of the day , but ad hominem attacks are off limits .
This is undoubtedly to the good , and necessary to the conduct of orderly democratic life ; but to those not used to it , the ability to combine enmity with bonhomie can seem counterintuitive .
Some will say that he should get G-20 countries to coordinate an orderly exit from their expansionary monetary and fiscal policies .
In particular , there has been little action on issues like creating a cross-border resolution authority to deal with the failure of a large financial group , something that can only be done at the international level .
And , given its location , South Korea would be torn between encouraging an emerging-market caucus and encouraging an Asian caucus -- for Asia , too , needs to organize itself better in order to represent its interests in the G-20 .
It has rethought its traditional opposition to capital controls . It has suggested that central banks may want to consider higher inflation targets in order to avoid hitting the zero bound in the event of deflationary shocks .
Now , however , the rumor mill is heating up with gossip that the Fund 's managing director , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , will leave in order to oppose Nikolas Sarkozy in the 2012 French presidential elections .
Others , who see a substantially undervalued renminbi as a significant factor in US unemployment , will be disappointed by gradual adjustment . They would have preferred a sharp revaluation of perhaps 20 % in order to make a noticeable dent in the US unemployment rate .
There is no reason , they conclude , why a change in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate should have a first-order impact on savings or investment in China , much less in the US .
There is no reason , therefore , why it should have a first-order impact on the bilateral current-account balance , or , for that matter , on unemployment , which depends on the same saving and investment behavior .
It needs a mechanism for temporary transfers to countries that have put their public finances in order but are hit by adverse shocks .
Finally there are borderline cases , like Britain .
In order to better carry out the other half of its dual mandate , the IMF has signaled that it will ask for a further increase in its resources , to $ 1 trillion , up from the $ 750 billion agreed at the London G-20 meeting in April 2009 .
They do not have to exceed their previous high-water mark in order to draw a paycheck .
They have to cut wages , pensions , and other costs in order to achieve the same gain in competitiveness needed to substitute external demand for internal demand .
The other fashionable policy idea that will ultimately prove impractical is to transform the IMF credits known as Special Drawing Rights into an international currency to rival the dollar . The problem is that SDRs are used neither to settle cross-border transactions nor as a unit in which to denominate international bonds .
In addition , in order for the SDR to become a true global currency , the IMF would have to be empowered to issue more of them in a crisis , much like the US Federal Reserve provided foreign central banks with $ 120 billion in emergency credits following the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
The Stability and Growth Pact has been relaxed in order to increase governments ' capacity to borrow to recapitalize their banks .
These could range from building new solar and wind power-generating facilities , in order to turn Greece into a major energy exporter , to updating its ports to help make it a commercial hub for the eastern Mediterranean .
It has been the dominant unit used in cross-border transactions and the principal asset held as reserves by central banks and governments .
This raises the danger that the EU and IMF will feel compelled to withdraw their support , leading to a disorderly debt default -- and the social , political , and economic chaos that this scenario portends .
Meanwhile , Italy , now under the watchful eye of the International Monetary Fund , needs to move ahead with those pro-growth reforms in order to reassure the ECB 's shareholders that the central bank 's bond purchases are not money losers .
Countries have accumulated large reserves in order to insure against shocks . This is costly for poor economies , which could better use the resources for investment and consumption .
Other things being equal , cross-border lending fell less in countries with significant foreign-bank presence than in emerging markets where foreign ownership of banks was not dominant .
In the absence of some miraculous improvement in productivity growth of the same order as the Internet or globalization , the world can expect a lengthy period of low growth and exceedingly difficult fiscal consolidation .
Looking ahead , some signs point to the global economy 's accelerated healing and growing resilience , which bodes well for an orderly retreat from unconventional policies .
The first alternative is a disorderly breakup of the eurozone .
No matter how you view it , the coming endgame will be neither simple , nor orderly .
That is the question facing several emerging-market economies , and its impact extends well beyond their borders .
In order to look forward with confidence , you also have to look back -- and understand what went wrong .
If you look at the new map of Europe , it is obvious where the focus must be : Northwest Russia already shares borders with both the EU and NATO -LRB- a fact often missed by those who argue against `` expanding NATO right up to the borders of Russia '' -RRB- .
Soon , it may appear even more isolated to Russians , as Poland and Lithuania enforce the EU 's Schengen border rules .
Much talk will be heard in coming months : the ministerial meeting in Luxembourg , numerous conferences and seminars around the region , and in September a Baltic summit will be held in St. Petersburg at which political and business leaders will discuss what is needed in order to move ahead .
On the contrary , expansion takes away the worries - be they real or imagined - that surround the situation of the large Russian-speaking populations that now live outside of Russia but within the borders of the former Soviet Union .
This small piece of Russia , with 1 million inhabitants and bordering on the Baltic Sea , is squeezed between Poland and Lithuania , two future members of the EU .
There were always exaggerated claims that bringing in the new members would be a costly affair , just as petty and narrow prejudices blemished the willingness to open up Europe 's borders for `` Polish plumbers . ''
European military effectiveness is also curbed by different procurement policies , as those countries that produce military hardware prefer to keep orders at home .
Europeans may have to embrace new modes of cooperation among their national armed forces in order to put them to effective use .
These antidepressants are not used simply to treat severe clinical depression . They are also widely used to treat social anxiety disorder , post-traumatic stress disorder , generalized anxiety disorder , obsessive-compulsive disorder , eating disorders , sexual compulsions , and premenstrual dysphoric disorder .
Many of these disorders were once thought to be rare , even non-existent .
But once a pharmaceutical company develops a treatment for a psychiatric disorder , it acquires a financial interest in making sure that doctors diagnose the disorder as often as possible .
The more people who are persuaded that they have a disorder that can be medicated , the more medication the company can sell .
Better that Russians rely on their own power , develop their own resources , and police their own borders .
During the current financial crisis , which hit Russia right after the war with Georgia last August , the Kremlin and the Duma issued a series of laws and orders that have turned Putin 's authoritarianism into a dictatorship .
That article reflects the deep , unresolved problems of Putin 's era : the inability to distinguish between the Soviet past and the Russian present ; an unscrupulous mix of political conservatism and historical revisionism ; and indifference , bordering on incomprehension , with regard to the key values of democracy .
By this logic , one could also reclassify the victims of the terror , collectivization , and famine of the 1930 's in order to boost the number of Hitler 's casualties in the USSR .
For all his deep emotional attachment to the idea of Israel embracing all of historical Judea and Samaria , Rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic Jewish state with viable , secure borders was to accept a Palestinian state alongside it , equally secure and viable .
And the invasion of Iraq in 2003 is a gift that keeps on giving to the world 's malcontents : embracing the Security Council only when you get your way , but ignoring or undermining it when you do n't , is no way to promote a cooperative rule-based international order .
But in the real world , how consistent is it possible to be in responding to genocide and other mass atrocities , treaty breaches , border violations , or other serious trespasses against international law ?
Moreover , they have called for a complete rethinking of deterrence strategy , in order to minimize , and ultimately eliminate , reliance on the most indiscriminately destructive weapons ever invented .
The Saturn model puts the present fierce debate on enlargement and the borders of Europe into a totally different context , because the core countries would no longer find themselves being asked to accept a Europe divided into different classes of member states .
But after the implosion of communism , the situation in Europe was more or less reversed : the defensive demarcation of borders has been replaced by the removal of frontiers across the Continent .
And yet , at around the same time , the United States Congress issued its loudest call ever to classify China as an exchange-rate manipulator , accusing Chinese leaders of maintaining the renminbi 's peg to the dollar in order to guarantee a permanent bilateral trade surplus .
Indeed , the current situation indicates that a significant adjustment in exchange rates may not be needed at all in order to redress global imbalances .
Rather , savings should be channeled even more -- and more efficiently -- to domestic investment in order to avoid large external imbalances .
Fiscal and taxation reform is to be accelerated in order to transfer more income from the corporate sector to households and public budgets for social programs , including low-rent housing for the urban poor and more and better services for new immigrants from rural areas .
Instead , the PBC 's policy is preemptive : sterilize over-liquidity and get the money supply under control in order to prevent inflation or over-heating .
Another is to sell off government bonds held by the central bank in order to take money out of circulation -- again , just the opposite of what the Fed is now doing .
One key issue facing China is how to reduce the current - and capital-account surpluses in order to reduce foreign-exchange holdings .
As a result , both the public and private sectors must accept the need for additional investments , as well as the potential costs of early capital retirement , in order to accelerate this process and deliver deep cuts in emissions .
When homeowners default , banks lose money , and uncertainty about the extent of future defaults undermines confidence in banks ' capital , making it more difficult for them to raise funds and causing them to reduce their lending in order to conserve existing resources .
Bernanke does n't take orders from the US president , and King does n't take orders from the British prime minister -LRB- and it 's not even clear who would claim to tell Trichet what to do -RRB- .
But , instead of raising revenue by auctioning the emission permits , Obama has agreed to distribute them without charge to favored industries in order to attract enough congressional votes .
In fact , however , exchange rates will change -- and need to change in order to shrink the existing trade imbalances .
Thatcher supported Britain 's entry into the European Union in order to benefit from free trade , but she forcefully opposed joining the single currency .
It will also use its new authority to pay interest on the reserves held by commercial banks at the Fed in order to prevent excessive lending .
That means that planned tax increases and cuts in basic government spending would have to be even larger than 10 % of GDP in order to achieve a 3 % - of-GDP budget deficit .
The shift to a single currency meant that the individual member countries lost the ability to control monetary policy and interest rates in order to respond to national economic conditions . It also meant that each country 's exchange rate could no longer respond to the cumulative effects of differences in productivity and global demand trends .
And , with unemployment stubbornly high , many households are saving in order to have additional cash if they should lose their job or be put on shorter hours .
But if households instead become optimistic about the pace of recovery , they might choose to cut back on their saving in order to maintain consumption , despite weak earnings .
A competitive dollar abroad means that other countries should not implement policies that artificially depress the value of their currencies in order to promote exports and deter imports .
Although they had experienced large declines in share prices and house values , they had such large amounts of liquid savings in postal savings accounts and in banks that they did not feel the need to increase saving in order to rebuild assets .
A one-year cut of the payroll tax rate by two percentage points was enacted in order to lock in this favorable outlook .
The most recent measure of orders for nondefense capital goods signaled a decline in business investment .
And negotiations are under way to cut spending more and raise taxes in order to reduce further the fiscal deficits projected for 2011 and later years .
As a result , the Chinese will be able to allow the renminbi to rise substantially against the dollar if they want to raise its overall global value in order to decrease China 's portfolio risk and rein in inflationary pressure .
A country that finds its economy very depressed during the next few years , and fears that this will be chronic , might be tempted to leave the EMU in order to ease monetary conditions and devalue its currency .
The exceptionally easy monetary policy at the start of the decade contributed to financial investors ' willingness to buy low-quality financial assets in order to get higher yield and to an explosive rise in house prices .
At that point , it will be important to develop policies to reduce gradually the relative level of government spending in order to shift to fiscal surpluses and reduce the debt burden .
However , it will need to be much better targeted at increasing demand in order to avoid adding more to the national debt than the rise in domestic spending .
The sharp drop in retail sales in the United States and Europe means fewer orders for the goods produced in Chinese factories .
The Chinese authorities are determined to reverse the resulting decline in growth in order to reemploy those who have lost their jobs and to create employment for the millions of young people who join the labor force each year .
Premier Wen Jiabao made clear in his recent remarks to the People 's Congress that he will do what it takes to stimulate demand in order to ensure strong growth in China .
Because the US Federal Reserve and other central banks have driven their short-term interest rates close to zero , they can not lower rates further in order to prevent deflation from raising the real rate of interest .
Some economists have said that the best way to deal with deflation is for the central bank to flood the economy with money in order to persuade the public that inflation will rise in the future , thereby reducing expected real long-term interest rates .
Insisting that self-determination was the only way ahead , he called on the army to reject even passive association with the insurrection and instructed it to re-establish public order .
Old-fashioned fascists talked the language of order , so lovers of freedom rallied against them .
Europe is in for a spell of designer demagogy that thrives in affluence or ennui . But it must be resisted , because domestic peace depends on mutual respect for cultural plurality , because Europe 's changing demographic profile demands more open borders , not a gated continent , and because the new right 's inherent chauvinism is irreconcilable with the EU 's survival and success .
The Swiss implemented methadone programs . and , in order to prevent the spread of HIV , they created needle exchanges , including in prisons , and established safe injection rooms on a large scale .
The Communists needed the vote of just one MP in order to perpetuate their domination of Moldovan politics for another term by electing their president in parliament .
Our customs officials and border guards are working actively with an EU mission to modernize our border infrastructure , and we are progressing fast in border demarcation with our only eastern neighbor , Ukraine .
It is precisely this ambition that sets Iran apart from North Korea : whereas North Korea seeks nuclear weapons capability in order to entrench its own isolation , Iran is aiming for regional dominance and more .
Will Bush order an air and Special Forces attack on Iran ?
A bomb directed at the Iranian Revolutionary Guard recently exploded on Iran 's border with Afghanistan .
Across Europe , risk avoidance seems to be the order of the day , even at the expense of the common interest and NATO solidarity .
If the EU is divided on an issue lying at its geographic heart -- and at the heart of its interests -- its credibility as a foreign policy actor on matters beyond its borders will suffer dramatically .
The key question is whether the consequences of Iraq 's disintegration could be contained within its national borders , or whether large parts of the region would be affected .
But even if Iraq does fall apart after US withdrawal , it will be of vital importance to contain the consequences of its disintegration within Iraq 's own borders .
The Middle East conference to be held in Annapolis , Maryland should be a forum for final status negotiations between the parties , dealing above all with the establishment of a Palestinian state and its borders -LRB- those of June 1967 , with some negotiated exchanges of territory -RRB- , its capital -LRB- Jerusalem -RRB- , Israeli settlements , and the right of return for Palestinian refugees .
Can he make sufficient concessions on borders and Jerusalem ?
In particular , the way Europe , in the process of its enlargement , has projected its power to achieve lasting peace across the whole continent , and fostered development by integrating entire economies , states , and societies within its institutional framework , could become a model for shaping a cooperative world order in the twenty-first century .
This modern , progressive , and peaceful model is unique and superior to all other currently available approaches to the fundamental questions of political order .
The old Middle East arose from the borders and political identities created by the European powers after the fall of the Ottoman Empire in 1918 .
The emergence of the new Middle East may present an opportunity to establish a regional order that reflects the legitimate interests of all the actors involved , provides secure borders , and replaces hegemonic aspirations with transparency and cooperation .
That Iran -- a country whose president never tires of calling for Israel 's annihilation and that threatens Israel 's northern and southern borders through its massive support of proxy wars waged by Hezbollah and Hamas -- might one day have missiles with nuclear warheads is Israel 's worst security nightmare .
On the contrary , should the negotiations fail , the confrontation will resurface in short order , and be far more dangerous .
Realism about Russia BERLIN -- Russia 's strategy to revise the post-Soviet order in what it calls its `` near abroad '' will be pursued with even more perseverance following its victory over Georgia .
But , as the European Union ponders what to do , cold realism , not hysterical overreaction , is in order .
Globalization has resulted in a lasting change in the distribution of power and opportunities , laying the groundwork for a new world order for the twenty-first century .
An Answer to the Russian Challenge BERLIN -- For 19 years , the West -LRB- America and Europe -RRB- has been putting off answering a critical strategic question : what role should post-Soviet Russia actually play globally and in the European order ?
A few months ago , the Russian government came up with a proposal to negotiate a new European order within the framework of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe .
The same is true for free and secret elections and the inviolability of borders .
The possible trade-off could be that the existing principles and institutions of the post-Soviet European order , including NATO , remain unchanged and are accepted and implemented by Russia , which would get a significantly enhanced role within NATO , including the perspective of full membership .
After the disappearance of the Soviet Union and the bipolar world order , victorious Western capitalism , under the leadership of the only world power , the United States , reigned supreme in global politics , and even more so in the global economy .
As for the economic crisis , bailouts and stimulus packages on the order of billions of dollars , euros , yen , or yuan have been planned or implemented to stem the further slide of the global economy .
Can it really conduct an independent national policy in the Middle East and Africa , or play an effective role in resolving global issues , from addressing climate change to building a new financial order ?
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has now committed himself to a Palestinian state , and the Hamas leadership , which rejects Israel 's right to exist , has agreed to a Palestinian state within the borders prior to June 5 , 1967 .
In other words , the secret of Merkel 's election victory was to secure a majority for the center-right in order to pursue , more or less , a center-left policy agenda .
To be sure , the `` black and yellow '' CDU-FDP coalition will make some policy corrections -- slowing the nuclear phase-out , cosmetic changes to the tax system , etc. -- in order not to disappoint parts of their constituency and economic supporters .
The Soviet Union and its empire quietly disappeared , and with them the Cold War international order .
As the victorious heir to the collapsed Cold War order , the United States stood alone , undisputed , at the peak of its global power .
Economically , Russia has turned into a commodity exporter , dependant on the imponderables of the global energy market , while simultaneously dreaming that it can use energy as a tool to revise the post-Soviet order in its neighborhood .
The real winners of this new world order are the large emerging countries , first and foremost China and India , which increasingly set the pace of global economic and political development .
The G-8 has been dismissed by history as a club of Western industrial nations ; its place has been taken by the G-20 , which conceals the underlying formula of power distribution within the new world order : the G-2 -LRB- China and the US -RRB- .
But what happened in the winter of 2004\/2005 was not only about the Ukrainian people 's democratic right to self-determination and their national independence , but also about the future of the European order as it had emerged from the Cold War 's end .
Moreover , new instruments like Eurobonds will have to be made available in order to reduce the affected euro-zone countries ' interest burden , provided that they have taken serious steps -- subject to effective control mechanisms -- toward credible restructuring .
Spelling out such a body 's structure , costs , decision-making procedures , and control mechanisms as quickly as possible is now the order of the day .
This may sound simple , but it will have far-reaching consequences for the coming century 's international order .
Sooner or later , though , China 's government will come to realize that America 's role as a global regulator is indispensible for China 's vital foreign-policy interests , because China is unable to assume that role , other global players are n't available , and the only alternative to the US would be a breakdown of order .
By nightfall on the same day , however , she had to assent to the much larger ¤ 750 billion rescue package in order to prevent an EU-wide disaster .
Otherwise , they would recognize that the financial crisis has long become a political crisis threatening the EU 's very existence , and thus that a permanent crisis-resolution mechanism for debt-distressed members , while clearly needed , requires a permanent political crisis-resolution mechanism in order to succeed .
The abolition of border controls was anything but a minor detail , and yet it was achieved on the basis of intergovernmental agreements .
The country would then have clear , internationally recognized borders , enabling it to end permanently the conflict with its Arab neighbors .
Whether Tunisia becomes a democratic , economic , and social success story or , instead , sees its revolution end in chaos , civil war , and a new authoritarian regime will have consequences far beyond the country 's borders .
Also , can China really permit strong sanctions against its neighbor , a regime fighting for survival , one equipped with nuclear arms and missiles , and a humanitarian disaster of the highest order among its population ?
Whether the Arab and wider Islamic world 's democratic awakening will actually prevail or produce only change at the top of authoritarian regimes , whether it will lead to a stable order or sustained chaos and radicalization , still remains unclear .
The old Cold War world order was based on the nuclear arms race between the two superpowers , the United States and Soviet Union .
The crisis was always about much more than Greece : a disorderly insolvency there would threaten to pull other economies on the EU 's southern periphery , including some very big ones , into the fiscal abyss , along with major European banks and insurers .
But they need to develop -LRB- and fund -RRB- an appropriate strategy for economic reconstruction , in order to make clear to the Greeks -- and to skittish financial markets -- that there is light at the end of the tunnel .
The only question is whether the country 's debt restructuring will be orderly and controlled or chaotic and contagious .
In the light of the emerging new world order , this would be a tragedy for Europeans .
Without a strategic re-orientation of its own -- to remain passive is a risky endeavor in a rapidly changing world order -- Israel would further delegitimize and isolate itself internationally .
This failure would coincide with the emergence of a new world order , as two centuries of Western predominance come to an end .
Europeans made decisive progress on integration outside the scope of the EU treaties -LRB- but very much in the European spirit -RRB- when they agreed to open their borders with the so-called Schengen Agreement -LRB- today a part of the EU treaties -RRB- .
For only the US -- with all its power and sense of mission -- had the ability to establish a new world order at the beginning of the twenty-first century .
To achieve this , the US would have had to subordinate its power to the goal of shaping the new order , much as it did at the close of World War II in 1945 .
But where it did apply , America 's strength and willingness to seek international cooperation created an order whose institutions still hold the world together .
They mark the moments in history when America 's power was used to further a global order , while also pursuing America 's own interests in the most effective and sustainable manner .
The existing world order -- created by the US itself -- was first devalued in American eyes , then weakened , and finally consciously attacked .
Given the dangers of unilateralism for the current world order , so do America 's enemies .
If you add to this the seizure , on President Bush 's orders , of Iranian `` diplomats '' by US forces in the northern Iraqi town of Erbil , a completely new picture of the President 's plan comes to the fore : the `` new strategy '' does not follow the advice of the Baker-Hamilton report , but harks back to the disastrous strategy of the neo-cons .
Equally important is research into the most effective measures to combat cross-border animal and plant diseases . Agriculture , after all , must be viewed in the context of the wider eco-system , which also means developing improved methods for conserving resources such as soil , forests , and fisheries .
An important step would be better regulation of global financial markets in order to end the derivatives speculation that forces food prices up .
Republicanism grants each individual , regardless of his or her other identities equal rights in order to achieve universal equality .
To reverse the trend , French republicanism must , like English multiculturalism , contradict itself in order to fulfil itself .
In those cases , even a government with the proper economic fundamentals and its financial house in order could still run into trouble .
It would not be acceptable to argue that to bomb a city on the mainland was necessary in order to compel the Argentine population to put pressure on the military junta to withdraw from the islands .
There are other troubling borderline cases .
What about the Stern gang 's blowing up of Jerusalem 's King David Hotel in order to liberate Palestine from the British ?
As the Jordanians put it in their written submission , `` no right of self-defense ... can be invoked in order to defend that which is itself unlawful . ''
In order to resolve the question of whether conspiracy constitutes a crime under the laws of war , Justice Stevens followed the arguments made in the brief that I submitted on behalf of Experts on Conspiracy and the Law of War .
Countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give Iran orders ; it 's a case of `` do as I say , not as I do . ''
In order to meet his obligations to the option holders if it occurs , he parks the $ 100 million in one-year US Treasury bills yielding 4 % . He then sells 100 million covered options , which fetch ten cents on the dollar and thus net $ 10 million .
SAN DIEGO -- Not long ago , autism was among the rarest of disorders , afflicting only one child in every 2,000-5 ,000 .
Before DSM IV , autism was among the most narrowly and clearly defined of disorders .
In preparing DSM IV , we decided to add a new category describing a milder -LRB- and therefore much more difficult to define and distinguish -RRB- form of autism , called Asperger 's Disorder .
We knew that Asperger 's would likely triple the rate of autistic disorders to about 1 per 500-1 ,000 , but this does n't explain the new rate of 1 per 38 .
The Korean study paid no attention to the bias that haunts all epidemiological studies , which always overestimate pathology rates by including as disorder even very mild presentations that do not have clinical significance .
It is entirely plausible that 3 % of the population may have some smidgen of autism , but it is entirely implausible that so many would have symptoms severe enough to qualify as an autistic disorder .
Reported rates should be regarded as an upper limit , not as a true reflection of the rate of actual mental disorder .
Human nature , neurological illness , and psychiatric disorder all change very slowly , if at all .
The DSM 5 definition of an `` autistic spectrum '' will cast an even wider net , capturing many people now considered to be normal or to have another disorder .
These institutions are particularly worthy of imitation by other commodity-exporting countries , in order to defeat the so-called `` natural-resource curse . '' Even advanced countries such as the US and UK could learn something from Chile , given that in the last expansion they evidently forgot how to run countercyclical fiscal policy .
Americans need to get their economic house in order before China loses its incentive to support the dollar .
Europe 's response to this process must embody the goal of an orderly and rapid transition .
Last year , the government merged 12 universities into eight in order to achieve substantial economies of scale , and the Danish parliament approved a nearly 50 % increase in government spending on research by 2010 .
The challenge for the neuropsychologist is to show how a disorder in the brain can lead to these bizarre experiences .
Instead , the '' limit-the-swings '' strategy proposed here implies that , as the exchange rate moves further away from parity , central banks should use their reserves to intervene at unpredictable moments in order to reinforce the effect of their regular announcements of the parity range on traders ' perception of increased risk of capital losses .
Containing systemic risks , therefore , requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system , but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values . If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this , they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals .
But this is different from saying that there is a universal desire to live in a liberal society -- that is , a political order characterized by a sphere of individual rights and the rule of law .
Universities , along with churches , religious orders , guilds , and cities , were the original corporations .
We too easily forget that our heterogeneous societies rely on at least a watered-down version of this training to maintain political and economic order .
But should universities now reduce their demands in order to meet the needs of the larger society , not least in terms of their carbon footprint ?
But , while the sense of `` efficiency '' that attracted the mendicant Christian orders , the Dominicans and Franciscans , to staff the original universities was rather different , it is no less relevant today .
The autonomy of these orders rested on a proven long-term ability to do more than expected with what they were given .
Likewise , the killing of 13 Chinese boat crewmen on the Mekong River in October serves as a stark reminder that China 's presumably peaceful southern land border , which has been untroubled for nearly 20 years , today resembles the most hostile sort of neighborhood .
Obviously , Myanmar 's new government does not want to aggravate sentiment in its already-unstable border areas , where rebel groups were using the dam project to rally new supporters .
Cry , Beloved Burma YANGON -- Religious orders of monks have been the face of Burma ever since Buddhism was introduced here more than 1,000 years ago .
We have not lost our loving kindness towards ordinary soldiers , nor even towards the leaders who ordered them to brutalize their own people , but we wanted to urge them to change while there was still time .
Some of the soldiers who were ordered to beat us and to stop us from marching actually refused to do so , because they understood the truth of what we were doing .
The generals who ordered the crackdown are assaulting not only Burma 's people , but also their own hearts , souls , and spiritual beliefs .
Moreover , the level of non-performing loans in Chinese banks was quite low when Lehman Brothers collapsed , which allowed Chinese policymakers to let it increase in order to battle the crisis .
When many of the most important actors in an economy are insensitive to market price signals , as they are in China , economic policy will need to be administrative in order to deal effectively with those players .
Since the Pakistani military incursion in May-June 1999 across the `` Line of Control '' -LRB- the de facto international border in the disputed state of Jammu and Kashmir -RRB- near Kargil , relations have been at their lowest in decades .
Direct but shadowy information tends to lead to `` disease mongering '' -- the creation of diseases in order to boost prescriptions .
But a broader and deeper agenda is needed : China should agree to raise household spending and consumer imports ; India should open its markets so that its poor can benefit from low-cost imports ; and Europe and America must boost competitiveness in order to increase their exports .
The territorial integrity and sovereignty of Serbia must be preserved in accordance with the United Nations Charter , the 1975 Helsinki Agreement Final Act guaranteeing the boundaries of Europe , and UN Resolution 1244 of 1999 , which guaranteed Serbia 's existing borders .
Indeed , Rosales rejects outright the calls to establish a new `` socialist '' world order that Chávez recently issued on a trip to London .
While legal harmonization and constitution - making attest to deepening integration , Europe 's institutions have failed to generate what every political community needs in order to survive and thrive : a feeling of belonging .
First , almost no one disputes the claim that democracy serves the cause of peace , but little is being done to make democracy - together with human rights - a basis of the international order .
The organization promised to monitor the behavior of members and thus create a chance for coordinated support of the democratic order .
American officials do not seem to recognize how difficult , costly , and prolonged the task of creating a peaceful order and a viable democracy in Iraq will be .
Unless America is willing to police the new order for many years and invest vast political and economic resources in assisting , not imposing , the reconstruction of state and society , Iraq will fracture and descend into chaos .
Contractors in municipal services , for example , prefer to use children in order to cut costs .
They must perform household chores and are subject to beating if they do not carry out orders issued by male family members .
We are quite literally breeding a new generation of disorder .
In order to compensate for the increase in money supply associated with the purchase of dollars , the government issues securities that pay a higher interest rate than the central bank receives for investing its reserves overseas .
The euro demonstrates that century old rivalries among nation states can be overcome and forgotten when citizens can move across borders to do business with one another more easily .
On this assumption , obesity is simply on a continuum of eating disorders with anorexia nervosa , which has been defined as a mental illness .
Then again , obesity is sometimes viewed as a genetically predetermined `` normal '' predisposition , understood in terms of an evolutionary biological drive to accumulate body fat in order to prevent starvation in times of famine .
I am running for president in order to cleanse the state apparatus of corruption and bureaucratic arbitrariness and to summon competent and responsible people into state service .
I am running in the election in order to guarantee everyone living in our country , which is the richest in the world , the constitutional right to a decent life and to develop freely .
In order to do this , we must take back as state revenue the profits from the exploitation of our natural wealth , double the budget , and guarantee everyone 's real right to free education and healthcare .
And yet , while the incremental reduction of barriers to cross-border flows of capital , goods , and services has been a major achievement of recent decades , international migration has never been more strictly controlled .
Opening borders completely could produce gains as high as $ 39 trillion for the world economy over 25 years .
In order to ensure a credible process , Cambodia and the UN must select judges of the highest caliber , not those that toe a party line .
Nor would it be proper , where the gravity and scale of crimes materially differ , to charge all sides in a conflict in order to preserve a false sense of parity .
They maintain that Russia needs a big standing army in order to defend the country in any potential war with the US .
In 2002 , after terrorists took 800 theatergoers hostage , Putin ordered that an anti-terrorist component be added to Russia 's military strategic plan .
From the outset , the Defense Ministry was skeptical of Putin 's order to include anti-terrorism on the military agenda .
Confronting them effectively will require root-and-branch change in order to inspire Russian security officials to take the initiative .
In order to compensate for its growing inferiority complex , Russia has cobbled together the Collective Security Treaty Organization -LRB- CSTO -RRB- , which , by its title and constitutional principles , is a parody of NATO .
Nobody knows what vision of collective defense is to be implemented : one needs a fertile imagination to imagine Belarusian paratroopers defending the Tajik border .
But , now that a Russian-American agreement allows supply flights to Afghanistan to go through Russian airspace , it is clear that Russia sought only to monopolize the military cargo transportation routs in order to gain leverage over the United States .
Seizure of a Russian military base in order to acquire weapons is , indeed , likely to become a vital goal of `` extremists . ''
There are about 220,000 Israeli settlers in the West Bank and Gaza , excluding the approximately 190,000 people living in the neighborhoods of Jerusalem that extend beyond the pre-1967 border of the old , divided Jerusalem .
Those territories that were to be used after the 1967 war as bargaining chips in exchange for recognition of Israel and peace are now permanently occupied in order to prevent the formation of a Palestinian state with the sovereignty and territorial continuity necessary for a small but autonomous state .
Israelis can not dominate another people and live in a democratic state in keeping with Zionist ideals unless they `` free '' themselves of the territories and aim at the coexistence of two states with recognized borders and good neighborly relations .
Today , with the terrorist attacks along the roads and the insecurity , and tomorrow , with the establishment of a Palestinian state , these settlers will probably want to return to live within Israel 's borders .
Perhaps , in a future of peaceful coexistence and open borders , there could even be Jewish communities with autonomous administrations in the territories , just as there are such Arab communities in Israel now : the Jews that stay on would be foreign residents in the Palestinian state and subject to its laws .
The women and children whose limbs Taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality , and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in West Africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped .
What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives . This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment .
To cope with this deficiency , some scientists have tried to reinvent the tools of one level in order to apply them to another .
Most of the group is banking on the `` transplant '' strategy , in which the basic science of one layer is placed in another , tweaked and supplemented in order to be functional .
Governments in countries colonized by China were forced to adopt this pictographic writing system in order to receive political regulations , but the pronunciation of the characters was not controlled .
According to general laws of physics , everything tends to disorder -- a process known as entropy .
Less well understood is why some agents do the opposite , tending toward order and structure .
Plants , for example , interact with their environment to produce locally ordered systems , resulting in the creation of wood -LRB- and other biomass -RRB- .
When we burn wood , we reverse the process , unraveling that order and producing energy .
This has prompted some scientists to begin investigating new models of energy from the perspective of `` intelligence and information , '' in which order is equivalent to information .
For example , consider methane clathrate , an ice-like stone that in most cases is built in an ordered way by a complex collaboration of microbes .
Groups of critical thinkers -- the `` experts '' -- should be on hand to advise on how to avoid second-order disasters .
Oceans belong to everyone except those near landmasses , which are managed in a similar manner to the country 's land-bound borders .
But , in order for that to happen , a new agenda for Russia must be developed this year .
What seem to be lacking today are leaders with the boldness and vision to build the trust needed to reintroduce nuclear disarmament as the centerpiece of a peaceful global order .
We are supposed to help stabilize the region around Afghanistan , for example , but only in order to create a `` greater Central Asia '' that will not include Russia .
Sprawled over 11 time zones between the EU and the US , of which five border China , it is impossible to expect Russia to remain merely a regional power .
A state that is involved in three global regions -LRB- Europe , Central Asia , and the Far East , not to mention the Arctic -RRB- and borders several others can not be considered `` regional . ''
Now , in order to solve other problems , we need to go beyond Russia .
Faced with a balance-of-payments surplus -- largely thanks to high oil prices -- the RCB 's 2005 Monetary Program fudges : reducing inflation is a priority , but so is exchange-rate targeting in order to support growth .
But this can be ruled out in today 's Russia , because the instruments to implement it -- notably an army that would obey orders to mow people down in the streets -- are lacking .
The canton of Neuchatel -LRB- one of the 26 mini-states that comprise the Swiss confederation -RRB- lies alongside the French border .
Institutional investors fraudulently opened millions of accounts in order to manipulate prices .
Several other obstacles must nonetheless be surmounted in order to boost consumption .
In particular , there are large gaps in the provision of crucial regional and cross-border investments , for example in energy and roads .
BRUSSELS -- Europe 's leaders never tire of reminding their constituencies , almost like a mantra , that the major emerging-market countries are overturning the existing global economic order .
This modus operandi needs to be changed in order to give the IMF the independence it needs if it is to become a credible , impartial judge of balance-of-payments disequilibria and sources of risk to global financial markets .
But in September 2008 , the United States government thought otherwise , and allowed Lehman Brothers to fail in order to impose market discipline .
The EMF -LRB- or rather ESF , as some have dubbed it , for European Stability Fund -RRB- could manage an orderly default of an EMU member country that fails to comply with the conditions attached to an adjustment program .
These two simple elements -- orderly default and a financing mechanism -- could resolve the current crisis within the euro zone : by creating a European Monetary Fund along these lines , the euro area would acquire an institution that could support member countries in difficulties , but that would also ensure that market discipline really worked .
The key choice for this group is simple : should they direct their efforts solely at preventing failure -LRB- including open-ended fiscal support -RRB- , or should they also prepare for the failure of a member state in order to mitigate the consequences if that should happen ?
Polarization may have proved functional to winning an election , but Humala will have to broaden his support in order to forge the consensus he needs in order to govern .
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff 's government , which began its term this year with an understanding that economic growth will slow sharply , devalued the real in order to shore up the country 's competitiveness .
Later , he took the liberty of manipulating official statistics in order to hide inflation .
As Europe knows , constructing an economically and socially integrated zone offers the best opportunity to resolve conflicts and overcome political and cultural enmities . But all partners must first get their own houses in order : Europe must strengthen its economic and political integration , and Africa must improve its governance by fighting corruption and establishing the rule of law more firmly .
But it will require global monetary reform of a fundamental order to right the imbalances between surplus and deficit countries , between happy savers and those who lived beyond their means , and between rich and poor .
Trade has a strategic benefit as well , for it gives countries a stake in good relations with one another and in maintaining order and stability .
In order to remain intact and functional , the country needs a political system and a society that persuade talented young people to stay in Russia -- and that provides them with the education to develop their talent .
Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some , but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation .
Amid all the attention being devoted to China and the potential for competition or even conflict with the US , it should not be forgotten that Russia 's future hangs in the balance , for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones .
Governments agree to accept the rulings of the World Trade Organization because on balance they benefit from an international trading order even if a particular decision requires that they alter a practice that is their sovereign right to carry out .
At its core , globalization entails the increasing volume , velocity , and importance of flows -- within and across borders -- of people , ideas , greenhouse gases , goods , dollars , drugs , viruses , emails , weapons , and a good deal else , challenging one of sovereignty 's fundamental principles : the ability to control what crosses borders in either direction .
States would be wise to weaken sovereignty in order to protect themselves , because they can not insulate themselves from what goes on elsewhere .
But the concept needs to be adapted to a world in which the main challenges to order come from what global forces do to states and what governments do to their citizens rather than from what states do to one another .
This translates into the United States and others spelling out the gains Palestinians can expect in a peace agreement with Israel and what Sunnis and Shia can reasonably expect in Iraq 's new political order .
China clings to a notion of sovereignty that allows governments freedom of action within their borders .
The alternative to a US-led global order is disorder , in which terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and economic protectionism are increasingly the norm .
Finally , governments should consider contributing troops to help establish order , train the Iraqi police and military , and help Iraq guard its borders .
Much has been said or written about what `` final status '' or peace between Israel and the Palestinians would look like , but important differences remain regarding borders , the status of Jerusalem and its holy places , the rights of refugees , the future of Israeli settlements , and security arrangements .
The US and Iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the Revolutionary Guards -LRB- as occurred recently in the Strait of Hormuz -RRB- , with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from his economic failures .
But order will not emerge on its own .
Trade also can be a powerful force in a non-polar world by giving states a stake in avoiding conflict , generating greater wealth , and strengthening the foundations of domestic political order -- thereby decreasing the chance of state failure as well .
A similar level of effort might be needed to ensure the continued flow of investment . The goal should be to create a World Investment Organization , which , by encouraging cross-border capital flows , would minimize the risk that `` investment protectionism '' impedes activities that , like trade , are economically beneficial and build political bulwarks against instability .
Multilateralism à la carte is likely to be the order of the day .
An Iran with a nuclear weapon or the ability to produce one or more bombs in short order poses a true danger .
It was important to moderate the competition in order to allow pressure for change to build up from within the Soviet bloc .
It is important here to keep in mind that containment , the dominant doctrine of the Cold War era , sought to push back against Soviet and Communist expansion -- not just to limit the reach of Soviet power , but to frustrate it -- in order to create a context in which the inherent flaws of communism and authoritarian rule would come to the fore .
We also need to restore basic order in Iraq .
But what distinguishes historical eras from one another is less the distribution of power than the degree of order between and within states .
What makes a country great is not the size of its territory , population , army , or economy , but how it uses its power to shape the world beyond its borders .
Rising powers can neither insulate nor isolate themselves from what happens beyond their borders .
Whether or not they acknowledge it , they have a stake in world order .
It is one thing to modify the behavior of a state beyond its borders , but quite another to alter what takes place within another country 's territory .
It is hardly the first disruptive technology to come along : the printing press , telegraph , telephone , radio , television , and cassettes all posed challenges to the existing order of their day .
The history and political culture of Egypt suggest a natural limit to the Brotherhood 's appeal if Egyptians can bridge their most important differences , maintain order , and restore economic growth .
Some in Egypt will be satisfied only with full democracy ; others -LRB- probably a majority -RRB- will care most about public order , greater official accountability , a degree of political participation , and economic improvement .
As for the future , it is much more likely to be defined by the United States ' need to put its economic house in order ; China 's trajectory within and beyond its borders ; and the ability of the world 's governments to cooperate on restoring economic growth , stemming the spread of nuclear weapons , and meeting energy and environmental challenges .
Borders have been made more secure and societies more resilient .
Leaders in some Muslim states contrast democratic systems with their more orderly arrangements and point with satisfaction to the seeming stability that alternatives to democracy provide .
The Chinese government 's goal will be to keep annual growth above 8 % in order to generate sufficient employment to maintain social stability .
Use may not increase immediately , but it will over time , because marijuana will become more freely available , much cheaper -LRB- in order to discourage the persistence of a black market -RRB- , and its use will be implicitly condoned .
Dependent marijuana users are more likely to experience road and workplace accidents -LRB- if they drive or work while intoxicated -RRB- ; increased respiratory disease -LRB- if they smoke marijuana -RRB- ; exacerbations of some serious mental disorders ; and impaired school and work performance .
Many day-to-day cross-border services , ranging from freight transport to hairdressing , face major barriers and restrictions .
Customers will have to change their payment orders and habits just because harmonization has become an end in itself for many in the EU .
Cyprus suffers from being a second-order problem , one that occasionally flares up , only to be damped down again with short-term palliatives .
The other obvious Western concern -- recently expressed by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown -- is the threat of a `` crucible of terrorism '' in the border areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan endangering world security .
This illiterate , armed , Wahhabi brand of ideology was imported -- as US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton admitted recently before House Appropriations Committee -- by the US from Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern countries in order to undermine the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980 's .
Once the mission was accomplished and the Soviets vanquished , the Wahhabi virus was left to fester in Pakistan 's border areas .
Whatever the new wave 's limitations , its borderless online conversations are offsetting the region 's political , religious , social , and cultural balkanization .
But it is highly dangerous for the international order if the message of the masses is one of anger and resentment , is devoid of any credible economic program , and holds suspicion of international cooperation -LRB- particularly with the United States -RRB- as paramount .
The US must stand by its core beliefs in an open society and a liberal international order .
Empress Maria Theresa prohibited belief in vampires and ordered a thorough examination of possible natural reasons for such unusual events , as well as the actual causes of death .
The uproar caused by O'Neill 's reckless comments finally forced President Bush to order John Taylor -- the Treasury 's second in charge -- to visit Argentina on a fact-finding mission , but the facts could have been found much earlier had there been any concern .
Unlike countries such as Mexico , Sweden or Austria , which are not members of NATO but have common borders with it , Russia -- which is much larger and more powerful than all of the Alliance 's other neighbors combined -- is consistently disquieted by NATO 's presence and is rather displeased to see it enlarge eastwards .
For example , I find it almost absurd that such a large and powerful country should be alarmed by the prospect of three small democratic republics on its border -- Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- joining a regional grouping which it does not control .
Needless to say , the end of the bipolar division of the world and the progress of our civilization along the course that we now call globalization urge us to engage in a radically new way of thinking about the future world order .
As long as the word `` East '' evokes a pejorative connotation , and the word `` West '' an affirmative one , it will be immensely difficult to build a new world order based on equality among the various regions .
Respect for other identities , and a certainty that all are equal , must be concomitants of the effort to forge a world order based on genuine peace and partnership , an order emanating from a universally shared commitment to certain absolutely fundamental moral and political principles .
We also dreamed about a more just international order .
The end of the bipolar world represented a great opportunity to make the international order more humane .
Let 's not allow ourselves to be manipulated into believing that attempts to change the `` established '' order and `` objective '' laws do not make sense .
After all , Europe is uniting in order to defend its freedom and values , not to sacrifice them to the ideal of harmonious coexistence with dictators and thus risk gradual infiltration of its soul by the anti-democratic mindset .
Russia , I believe , should clearly say -- and the international community should clearly say to Russia -- that it has defined borders that will not be questioned , because disputed borders lie at the core of most conflicts and wars .
Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans , who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys .
An overwhelming number of Burma 's Buddhist monks have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments ' efforts to corrupt their monastic orders , and to misuse the example of the monks ' self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers .
Given how central the values of human rights , democracy and the rule of law are in Europe , we feel it is our obligation to speak out against such injustices continuing unchecked . Less than twenty years ago there were political prisoners on the EU 's borders who were denied the basic rights of freedom of speech and expression , lived in constant fear of being denounced and dreamed about enjoying what Europeans in the ` West ' took for granted .
Thus , all current and former political prisoners , about 500,000 Buddhist monks , and more than twice as many members of ethnic minority groups living close to the borders were banned from the vote .
What is needed is a viable option for the opposing party to adopt in order for violence not to be deployed .
In September , SBU searched the offices of organizations funded by philanthropist George Soros ; in October 2010 , the offices of the Vinnitsa Human Rights Group were also searched by police without a court order .
Earlier that day , the prince had the bomber flown in on his private jet from the Yemeni-Saudi border and reportedly ordered that he not be carefully searched .
For most people , stability , even if imposed by authoritarian means , trumps disorder .
In the last two years , Al-Qaeda 's increasing failures in the Kingdom have forced the surviving members to regroup across the border in Yemen .
While unlikely anytime soon , this possibility should give everyone pause and spur us to find policies that will help Arabs find the political dignity and good governance they deserve through an ordered , peaceful process .
Today , the Saudis see 24 million Yemenis -- hungry , heavily armed , and envious of Saudi wealth -- looking across the border .
But caution is in order .
North Korean invective and provocation against the South continued , and in November its military shelled a South Korean-held island along the northern limit line , which has served as the North-South border since the 1953 armistice .
But it did , and , in the wake of the Korean War , that line would become -- and remain -- one of the most heavily fortified borders on earth .
So , when the reporting of US correspondents borders on cheerleading -LRB- a relatively common occurrence -RRB- , the perception that America is masterminding events is given fresh impetus .
Finally , the Obama administration should bear in mind that in some countries , the old order will be replaced quickly .
Instead , Netanyahu took the opportunity of Obama 's address to emphasize his own well-documented opposition to a two-state solution based on a return to the pre-1967 borders .
He chose not to address either the issue of using those borders as a starting point for negotiations , or Obama 's idea of land swaps -LRB- a very common element of international peace negotiations -RRB- as the means to get from that starting point to the end game .
The elements of an eventual settlement have been known for years : the creation of a viable Palestinian state -- a goal endorsed by the last two US presidents -- together with secure borders for Israel , some arrangement on Jerusalem , and an economic package .
This foray into the uncanny is as close as most people come to experiencing auditory hallucinations or `` hearing voices , '' a condition that affects 70 % of patients with schizophrenia and 15 % of patients with mood disorders such as mania or depression .
But hearing voices is not necessarily a sign of mental illness , so understanding the mechanics of auditory hallucinations is crucial to understanding schizophrenia and related disorders .
Such developments suggest an advanced and deeply disturbing trend , whereby certain segments of the European intelligentsia are willing to violate their own beliefs in order to target one state for unique stigmatization ; and whereby insidious and sometimes illegal forms of discrimination against that state 's citizens are increasingly seen as acceptable .
Chu had ordered a $ 130 million cut in funding in 2010 for hydrogen and fuel cell transportation technology .
Of course , this another ridiculous fabrication from the same man who famously said that the Bosnian Muslims had shelled their own villages in order to lure NATO into the war .
· Fourth , in exchange for an iron-clad US security guarantee , Israel should pull all settlers from the zones where their lives remain hideously insecure , to the 1967 borders , and a viable Palestinian state should be created , perhaps with an international protectorate in East Jerusalem .
These people are not `` refugees , '' because they have not crossed an international border , but their experiences are often equally devastating .
Think of the 15 million Chinese displaced following the Sichuan earthquake , the more than two million Iraqis uprooted within their country 's borders by sectarian and other violence , the 2.4 million displaced in Darfur , or the hundreds of thousands who have fled Mogadishu in the last year .
Those who forcibly displace civilians in violation of international law must be held accountable in order to deter others in the future .
As we move from a unipolar international order to one with multiple regional powers , realism should allow them to vie for influence while keeping the costs as low as possible .
In order to produce this confidence , it is above all necessary that we are honorable , open , and easily reconciled in case of frictions . ''
Almost immediately after assuming office , the new governments ordered an end to music in public transport , required public buses to stand still for the five daily prayers , and closed down video shops and cinema houses .
Meanwhile , across the border in Afghanistan , US forces are experiencing frequent ambushes and rocket attacks upon their bases .
The heightened activity , much of it concentrated along the Pakistani border , suggests that some of Pakistan 's army intelligence officers have resumed their support of the Taliban and its friends .
No so Pakistan 's Islamists , however , whom Musharraf infuriated yet again last month , when he ordered his foreign minister to initiate the first official contact with Israel .
This is clear in Islamabad , where over the past two months , Kalashnikov-toting students have openly challenged the state , following a government order for the demolition of dozens of illegally built mosques and seminaries .
Until a few years ago , Islamabad was a quiet , orderly , modern city no different from any other in Pakistan .
Depressive mental disorders also have been known for as long as written records have been kept .
Writing in the fifth century b.c. , Hippocrates provided the first known definition of melancholia -LRB- what we now call `` depression '' -RRB- as a distinct disorder : `` If fear or sadness last for a long time it is melancholia . ''
The symptoms that Hippocrates associated with melancholic disorder -- `` aversion to food , despondency , sleeplessness , irritability , restlessness '' -- are remarkably similar to those contained in modern definitions of depressive disorder .
Like Hippocrates , physicians throughout history have recognized that the symptoms of normal sadness and depressive disorder were similar .
Depressive disorders differed from normal reactions because they either arose in the absence of situations that would normally produce sadness or were of disproportionate magnitude or duration relative to whatever cause provoked them .
Traditional psychiatry thus adopted a contextual approach to diagnosing a depressive disorder .
Whether a condition was diagnosed as disordered depended not just on the symptoms , which might be similar in normal sadness , and not just on the condition 's severity , for normal sadness can be severe and disordered sadness moderate , but on the degree to which the symptoms were an understandable response to circumstances .
The distinction between contextually appropriate sadness and depressive disorders remained largely unchanged for two and a half millennia .
The definition of Major Depressive Disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- became purely symptom-based .
All conditions that display five or more of nine symptoms -- including low mood , lack of pleasure , sleep and appetite difficulties , inability to concentrate , and fatigue -- over a two-week period are now considered depressive disorders .
Symptoms otherwise meeting the DSM criteria are not considered disorders if they arise after the death of an intimate , do not last more than two months , and do not include certain particularly severe symptoms .
Yet , comparable symptoms that arise after , say , dissolution of a romantic relationship , loss of a job , or diagnosis of a life-threatening illness are not excluded from diagnosis of disorders .
The DSM-III 's confusion of normal intense sadness and depressive mental disorder , which persists to the present , emerged inadvertently from psychiatry 's response to challenges to the profession during the 1970 's .
These earlier definitions separated feelings of sadness proportionate to contextual loss from those excessive to their contexts , and defined only the latter as disordered .
In order to abolish this unwarranted psychoanalytic assumption , the researchers abandoned the attempt to distinguish natural from disordered conditions by context or etiology and assumed that all conditions that met the symptom-based criteria were disordered .
Parents whose child is seriously ill , spouses who discover their partners ' extramarital affairs , or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria .
It would not be hard for psychiatry to develop a more adequate definition of depressive disorder that de-medicalizes natural emotions of sadness .
Such a change would acknowledge what humans have always recognized : intense sadness after loss is a painful and perhaps inevitable aspect of the human condition , but it is not necessarily a mental disorder .
If China imposes a carbon price for its energy-intensive manufacturing industries , the US wo n't need to do so at its border , lowering risks to the international trading system on which both countries rely .
Alarmed by the public reaction , the Harbin magistrate ordered the case reopened , only to have the suspended sentence confirmed when the case was closed this March .
The government 's propaganda department has ordered major media to keep the news from spreading to the general public by imposing strict censorship .
A few Afghan provinces , including those along parts of the border with Pakistan and its Taliban sanctuaries , have little or no ISAF presence and no Provincial Reconstruction Teams .
The UN peacekeeping force in Congo , MONUC , has a mandate from the Security Council for full intervention in order to provide protection to the civilian population .
So the principal agent uses proxies in order to avoid being sucked into a quagmire .
But economic success without accountability and social inclusion is not sustainable , and new governments often must face tough choices in order to protect the poor and vulnerable .
Reducing livestock production in order to limit cattle-related methane emissions and deforestation -- significant factors contributing to climate change -- would also improve human health .
Insulating homes in high-income countries in order to save energy would prevent cold-related deaths .
Although the precise nature of the disease 's transmission remains uncertain , a key event in these disorders is the conversion of the prion protein 's normal cells to an abnormal form that appears to be the major -LRB- if not the sole -RRB- component of the infection .
Subsequent epidemiological studies in the NCJDSU indicate that individuals with variant CJD are likely to have consumed more meat products than control patients , further supporting a link between these disorders .
Capital and know-how flows across borders , so traditional bilateral trade flows have been replaced by a complex web of international commercial relations .
This two pillar approach constitutes a framework for cross-checking indications from the shorter-term economic analysis with those from the longer-term monetary analysis in order to obtain a robust view about the risks to price stability .
America 's Democrats continue to argue for complete withdrawal of United States forces from Iraq within 18 months , despite the fact that no rational observer believes that Iraqi forces will by then be able to secure Iraq 's borders and face down the country 's numerous militias , which remain armed to the teeth .
After the de-Baathification order was issued -LRB- by a commission that does not actually have any sitting members -RRB- a panel of the Iraqi Court of Appeal essentially invalidated it . The prime minister then met with Iraq 's chief justice , following which the court 's decision was reversed .
Initially , the US backed Maliki in order to keep the Sadrist bloc from gaining a share of power .
The impact of this American misstep has already been felt , emboldening Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on his provocative visit to Lebanon , which included a public appearance on Hezbollah-controlled territory near Israel 's northern border .
Last March , as rumors circulated that he was losing the vote , Maliki asserted that state security would be threatened if he lost , noting his responsibility to maintain order .
Lula survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed him to do so .
The first order of business , however , must be to resolve inter-state conflicts , such as the Algerian-Moroccan dispute over the Western Sahara , which prevent the creation of a unified Maghreb .
A Beijing court recently convicted Zhao Lianhai , a 38-year-old former advertising salesman , of `` using a popular social issue to incite a mob ... to seriously disrupt social order , '' and sentenced him to two and a half years in prison .
Central banks were instituted with the responsibility of managing disorderly capital flows .
On the left , the growing working class sought to use political power to change economic relations - to advance more progressive tax policies , or to stop the use of tariffs to protect the old order .
In the modern center is something similar to the endangered liberal order of late 19th century Europe : the political movement of an elite that espouses globalization because it benefits from it .
Defenders of these ill-fated cross-border takeovers worry that a sinister whiff of the twentieth century 's worst moments is in the air .
Its innovation gave rise to a huge number of new and dynamic companies , forcing IBM to reinvent itself completely in order to compete with them -- just one example of the socially transformative effects of the PC .
Immense amounts of time were wasted in enterprises by informal requests for assistance , forcing knowledgeable workers to become computer gurus in order to aid their colleagues .
First , big public sector action is needed . Second , such action is complicated because in a globalized world the need for assistance spans borders .
But in order to be sure of the reliability of this function , the purchaser must be convinced of the long-term valuation of the object of desire .
The End of a Gilded Age PRINCETON -- 2008 will be remembered as the year of an epochal shift in the world political and economic order bequeathed by the 1930 's and 1940 's .
But uncertainties about value also expose deep problems in the political order .
The Great Depression produced more alarming outcomes , as the political response to deflation throughout Central Europe and Latin America destroyed the prevailing order , including several democracies .
Indeed , gradual integration of the potentially vast European capital market , and the creation of cross-border European banks as a result of mergers , made it look as if a new European breed of superbanks was emerging .
Only leadership by a determined great power , prepared to sacrifice its particular national interests in order to break the resulting impasse , might conceivably have saved the meeting .
Franklin Roosevelt was already taking vigorous action against the depression , and was trying to reorder the failed US banking system .
The US wants the world to embark on macroeconomic stimulus programs , and thinks that the complicated task of reinventing and reordering financial supervision and regulation can wait .
Finding out who is to blame becomes more and more like the late medieval and early modern search for witches : a way of making sense of a disorderly and hostile universe .
The first type aims at an institutional reordering , so that inefficiencies and perverse incentives are removed , and the economy functions more smoothly and efficiently .
The real victor of the campaign , with a vote that jumped up to 14.5 % and a position in parliament that will determine the shape of the new coalition government , was the heir of classic German liberalism , the FDP . It campaigned on a promise of tax reduction and of deregulation in order to stimulate the economic growth that Germany needs to get out of the economic crisis .
The New Monetary Disorder
The New Monetary Disorder PRINCETON -- Currency chaos is back , highlighting demands for a revised international monetary order .
It began as a result of weakness in a specific sector -- residential mortgages -- after a bubble in home prices allowed many Americans to borrow massively , and often disastrously , against the putative value of their equity in order to finance purchases .
We become indebted in order to consume because we are convinced that our utility schedule is more important than someone else 's .
Americans , by contrast , thought that Japan and Germany were artificially holding down their currencies ' value in order to get an unfair advantage for their politically powerful export industries .
Faced by uncertain re-election prospects , and worried about job losses , US President George W. Bush has begun to blame other countries , sending his Treasury Secretary to demand that they raise their exchange rates in order to make foreign goods more expensive for American consumers .
The Americans accused the Europeans and especially the Japanese of growing too slowly , while the Europeans and the Japanese argued that the US was exporting inflation to the rest of the world and abusing the international monetary system in order to sustain its military adventurism -LRB- at that time in Vietnam -RRB- .
In the end , the US forced the Japanese to revalue their currency by destroying the international monetary order in August 1971 .
Both Japan and Germany were slow in liberalizing their domestic financial systems as they tried to limit capital inflows for a substantial period of time in order to avoid rapid currency appreciation and the consequent erosion of their export competitiveness .
US financial institutions should have continued to lend to distressed borrowers , in order to prevent a spiral in which credit rationing forced price reductions and intensified world deflation .
The real challenge for China 's leaders will be to develop a coherent view of the world that does not scare the people just across the border .
Other countries , such as Greece , needed to have a full-blown crisis in order to prompt such adjustment measures , whereas Britain was acting prudently and preemptively .
Andrew Mellon , the United States Treasury Secretary at the time , talked about liquidating workers , farmers , stocks , and real estate in order `` to purge the rottenness out of the system . '' In Britain back then , Philip Snowden , a small man with a narrow , pinched face , who needed a cane to walk , seemed to want to remake the British economy in his physical image .
But it is also necessary to establish an iron-clad guarantee of some part of the outstanding debt , in order to remove fear of a complete write-down .
Or were conservative US anti-abortionists justified in sending actors with a false story into the offices of Planned Parenthood in order to discredit their opponents ?
They anticipate revenue in order to appear creditworthy .
They reclassify foreign borrowing as domestic debt in order to look better in the International Monetary Fund 's statistics .
They needed to fake it for seven years in order to build up adequate reserves against losses .
The IMF needs a managing director who transcends political logic and can lay out the economics of the new global order .
Weak food security highlights all of the major problems of the modern world non-order .
The same kind of unrest , in which the countryside is pitted against the town , with both sides demanding more rights , could undermine the political order in China and other big emerging-market economies .
Recent decades have been replete with contagious financial crises that spread disorder from one country to another .
As in 1848 , the struggle for affordable food is producing discontent that transcends national frontiers , threatens established regimes , and fuels popular demand for a more just political order .
In the first half of the 1990 's , many observers of the alleged Asian economic miracle emphasized trust and families ' capacity to cooperate with political authorities in order to realize long-term growth plans .
Unlike the US dollar , there is no obvious way to put pressure on the European Central Bank to depreciate the currency in order to obtain a competitive advantage over other economies .
While governments and central banks race frantically to find a solution , there is a profound psychological dynamic at work that stands in the way of an orderly debt workout : our aversion to recognizing obligations to strangers .
Ancien régime France developed a similar pattern , borrowing in Amsterdam or Geneva in order to fight wars against Spain in the sixteenth and seventeen centuries , and against Britain in the eighteenth .
In short , the financial revolution of the modern world was built on a political order -- which anteceded a full transition to universal democracy -- in which the creditors formed the political class .
Its problems should not be seen as a test of family capitalism , but rather of the dangers that come from the temptation to break out of the old order .
Like Germany in the mid-19th century , or Japan in the 1960 's , China sees many advantages in participating in the international order more or less as it is currently configured .
Such effects could be reinforced by the addition of metals to the oil in order to confuse bombs ' guidance systems .
Given the logistics involved in large-scale wars , there are also significant indirect or second-order effects , such as when a civilian oil tanker on route to Vietnam with fuel for America 's forces there ran aground on the coral island of Kiltan in the Laccadives .
Farmers were ordered to hand over all remaining supplies within a fortnight .
By the time most learned about the order and the penalty , the two weeks were gone and the army had started to execute those found still to be in possession of the grain .
They transform chemicals and , in an orderly fashion , transport and store them in purposeful ways .
The more the world develops the more disorder there will be .
How do Schneider and Sagan reconcile the contradiction between what appears true of life - that it organizes matter into increasingly complex creatures and structures - and the notion that disorder should increase and order should be lost ?
In other words , life promotes disorder .
In order to replace these chemicals with others that are more benign , the equipment in which they are used -- like freezers , coolers , and units for foam plastic production -- must be substituted for new ones .
Smuggling is abetted by the tobacco industry in order to gain market share and scare finance ministers into lowering taxes .
In it , he said : `` Mr. Liu 's trial was the result of a political order for which you carry ultimate political responsibility . ''
Similarly , though China remains fundamentally dissatisfied with its southern land borders and its sea borders to the east and southeast , its current leaders fear that isolation would result from an assertive and aggressive foreign policy .
Regulators can do a great deal , but they need political direction from the highest level in order to make genuine progress .
Here , the West Europeans play a major role , because they are greatly overrepresented on the IMF 's executive board and , despite all entreaties , simply refuse to consolidate their seats in order to give emerging markets significantly more influence .
At that point , the Europeans should get on with completing their monetary cordon sanitaire : orderly debt restructuring in all countries with debt burdens that are too large to be credibly restructured in Merkel 's new regime .
Countries that ran significant current-account surpluses , built up large reserves , and fixed -LRB- or heavily managed -RRB- their exchange rates in order to support the first two objectives appeared to secure external stability .
A new type of order emerged in the world 's exchange rate system .
The dollar has depreciated in a way that helps global adjustment and fortunately does not disrupt the US government securities market ; long-term rates are in fact down from July , so adjustment has been `` orderly . ''
This would help maintain confidence that the adjustment process will remain orderly and free of new global imbalances or protectionism .
There would be a massive run into cash , on an order not seen since the Great Depression , with long lines of people at ATMs and teller windows withdrawing as much as possible .
But the alternative would clearly be a collapse of US national security -- soldiers and border guards have to be paid , the transportation system must operate , and so on .
The alternative for Greece is to manage its default in an orderly manner .
And default with an `` orderly '' restructuring would instantly set Greece 's finances on a sustainable path .
The consequences of this combination of uncoordinated responses would be widespread , scary , and bordering on chaos .
The failure of such a bank could be managed in a more orderly fashion by using a cross-border resolution authority .
Did Johnson 's advisers push the country into a disastrous war in order to win an election -- or , to be more exact , to avoid losing one ?
A conservative is someone who , in the tradition of the eighteenth-century English parliamentarian Edmund Burke , believes that the established order deserves respect , even reverence .
A liberal , by contrast , is someone ready to alter the established order in pursuit of a vision of a better world .
The Israelis then explained to their hosts -- in considerable detail -- the potential economic consequences for China if an Israeli strike on Iran should become necessary in order to stop Iran from fulfilling its `` nuclear ambitions . ''
And it would be a grave mistake to think that a condominium between the US and China will impose global order in the way that the Cold War-era US\/USSR superpower rivalry did .
In order to achieve this in a true democracy , India must ensure distributive justice .
In these societies , the social order is predominantly shaped by informal agreements rather than formal laws and regulations .
Thus , those who benefit from reforms may champion the process , but losers must be adequately compensated in order to prevent them from resisting the transformation .
But North Africa must also work on regional economic integration in order to boost the effectiveness of national policies .
Afterwards , many of my relatives , prosperous Indian merchants who had been settled in Myanmar for generations , abandoned homes and businesses in order to save their skins as chaos enveloped the city , later renamed Yangon .
India , which `` normalized '' bilateral relations a few years ago , is reluctant to alienate Myanmar 's military , with which it has worked closely to counter rebels in India 's northeast who had been using the common border to tactical advantage .
In the heady first months after it came to power , the Bush administration laid out a bold new vision that gave India -- a rising Asian democracy on China 's border , proximate to the shipping lanes of the Indian Ocean and to the epicenter of Islamist terrorism -- a starring role in US foreign policy .
Most members of the Falun Gong and other unauthorized religions are arrested and tried for `` using an evil cult to sabotage implementation of the law '' -- a crime categorized as `` disturbing the social order . ''
Labor leaders are often charged with `` organizing an illegal procession '' or `` disturbing the social order . ''
Most importantly , he has proposed exercising the right collective self-defense on a case-by-case basis - thus far barred by the article 9 of Japan 's constitution -- in order to maintain peace and promote effective functioning of the Japan-US alliance .
As a result , they must compliment each other 's advantages , characteristics , and interests in order to optimize their role in promoting international security .
Rather , North Korea 's aim was to postpone the six-party talks as long as possible in order to force direct bilateral negotiations with the US , in which it would presumably extract energy assistance and other aid while demanding a security guarantee for `` Dear Leader '' Kim Jong-il .
The SCO 's original purpose was to mitigate tensions on the borders of China and the Central Asian countries after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the arrival of the United States military with the war in Afghanistan .
Undoubtedly , the US will try to build closer ties with Indonesia through greater military cooperation , because Indonesia borders the region 's key sea lines of communications .
By granting him political asylum , we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within Europe 's borders .
Even China , which is trying to shift its economy more toward consumption in order to reduce its dependence on capital spending , has put in place an infrastructure of roads , power grids , ports , and railways that will serve its domestic economy for decades .
In the Far East , paying for past broken promises appears to have forced Russia to accept China 's terms for resolving a border dispute .
Western Geopolitics : An Infantile Disorder
Western Geopolitics : An Infantile Disorder Recent statements from some American leaders and NATO representatives give the impression that not only Islamic and other radicals , but also quite civilized figures , are losing their grasp of reality and have begun acting irrationally .
Indeed , anti-American coalitions have appeared not only in the Middle East but also in Latin America , while some Western politicians have apparently sought to aggravate relationships with Russia and China in order to restore transatlantic solidarity and further weaken Europe .
For example , there is talk of installing anti-missile defense systems in Poland in proximity to the Russian border , supposedly to prevent terrorist missile strikes , which by definition can not reach Poland .
It is unlikely , for example , that Ukraine could remain without a demarcated border with Russia .
However , if a real border is to be created -- it currently exists only on paper and provides income for corrupt customs officials -- huge problems will arise .
Millions of families will be divided , and millions of people who work on the other side of the border may lose their jobs .
But the West would also suffer , for a new `` instability arch '' along the Russian-Ukrainian border would kill the idea of establishing an alliance of the world 's large powers against new threats and revive rivalry between blocs of a different kind .
NATO 's expansion towards Russia 's own borders , and the membership of countries whose elites have historical complexes in regard to Russia , increased anti-Russian sentiment inside the alliance .
Non-Russian Europe should thank the Almighty for the presence of energy-rich Russia at its borders , while Russia should be thankful for having such wealthy customers .
Instead of focusing on the real problem , namely the increasingly unstable international order , it is trying to apply Cold War-era concepts of disarmament .
They must at least pretend that they intend to build it , in order to appease America 's powerful nuclear `` isolationists , '' who long for the past golden age of US strategic invulnerability .
But the Chinese are already offering Russia projects that are similar to those that they promote in African states : the development of resources with Chinese money and Chinese labor . Russia must act now to secure a more dignified and beneficial place in a future world order .
In fact , America has been eager for some time to `` establish order '' in the world and modernize particularly troublesome regimes in highly strategic regions of the world .
Nevertheless , it is important to realize why the US is undertaking them and that they respond to a core problem of today 's international order .
What is needed is a reform that responds to today 's international order and updates the increasingly obsolete and ignored body of international law to today 's new economic and political realities .
Unfortunately , for the past two years , Pakistan has been suffering as much or perhaps more than Afghanistan has suffered . Almost the entire tribal belt along the Pakistan\/Afghanistan border is suffering .
Moreover , in order to deny terrorists institutional support , we must bring institutional strength to Afghanistan . We must enable Afghans to look after themselves and defend their country , to have a future in Afghanistan , to have hope of raising their children in Afghanistan .
Villagers are killed or ordered to pack their belongings and leave .
Instead , when Iraqi attack helicopters and elite troops began butchering their own people , coalition forces were ordered to stand down .
The leadership of the second East Turkestan Republic was presumably murdered on Stalin 's orders , when the plane carrying it to Beijing for talks allegedly crashed in Soviet airspace .
The 1979 revolution , which ended Iran 's monarchical tradition , created a new political order based on Shiite theological foundations and giving absolute ruling power to a Shiite jurist\/cleric .
The concept of a decentralized religious establishment is difficult for Westerners to understand , given the highly structured administrative framework of Christian churches and ecclesiastical orders .
But this fluid hierarchy , an absence of written rules and organizational order , allowed the various seminaries -- and their different interpretive traditions -- to survive despotic political regimes and resist intervention by different dynasties and monarchies .
Iraq 's leading Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali Sistani , has not been able to act independently and has avoided opposing Iranian policies toward Iraq in order to protect his fragile network of institutions .
In order to dominate decision-making , Khamenei prefers weak presidents .
In order to manage the economic crisis successfully , any president must not only shift economic policy , but also amass enough political power to be able to thwart the intervention of the Revolutionary Guards and other organizations in economic policy-making .
Reformist critics believe that in order to mobilize people it will not be enough just to campaign against Ahmadinejad .
'' -LRB- military and intelligence -RRB- operations outside the country are taking place without the government 's knowledge or orders ... Only after an airplane is hijacked are we made aware of it .
As a result , Ahmadinejad , in a further ironic twist , is seeking to glorify Iran 's pre-Islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that Khamenei does not want : greater openness to the West , particularly to the US .
As my father saw it , you could order scientists and engineers to work together , but you could n't force them to create something .
Technically , Glushko , by government order , continued to design engines for Korolev , but the work was n't good .
With a dismissive sneer , President Bush and his advisors are willing to let the world run great risks in order to achieve it .
The next wave of NATO expansion promises to lap onto Russia 's border and indeed surpass the old Soviet borders by taking in the Baltic states .
Instead of Russia 's borders draining his country 's economy , he envisions Russia as a transit point between east and west , and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment Russia makes .
So , when Yeltsin 's American-style democratization of the 1990 's failed to bring `` orderly '' capitalism instantly , Putin on his accession imposed a restoration of state `` order , '' as if a stable political or economic system demanded a fusing of the Soviet past with the Orthodox Church and Mother Russia imagery .
But his recent attempts to use Russia 's energy resources for political coercion in Georgia , Ukraine , Belarus and elsewhere have exposed Russia as an unreliable partner , unnerving even the Chinese , who do not wish to see a reconstituted Russian empire on their border .
But he stands out from them in this respect : he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Now it is Putin 's turn to call the tune , dismissing Mikhail Fradkov and dissolving the government that had served him throughout his second term in order to prepare for the parliamentary elections looming in December and the presidential ballot in March 2008 .
But if Putin , who has spent seven years `` verticalizing '' power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during Yeltsin 's `` democratization '' of Russia , really wanted to secure the good of his country , he would follow in Yeltsin 's footsteps and exit the scene .
Only democratic systems and free markets provide the essential signals that a government needs in order to act efficiently .
For eight years , he carried out silovik orders , combining the role of Kremlin gray cardinal with treasurer of the main source of silovik power , the chairmanship of state-owned energy giant Gazprom .
Indeed , the Georgian war antagonized not only the west , but also China , which has a vital strategic interest in maintaining the post-Cold War geo-strategic settlement . China , after all , has no desire to see a `` Soviet Reunion '' on its border .
But to greet the elegant and popular President-elect Barack Obama with threats to station missiles on Europe 's borders , as Medvedev did the day after America 's presidential election , exposed before the world the Kremlin 's ham-handed ways once again .
So , after a week of heroism he and a few thousand of his men crossed the border into Austria and exile .
Certainly , Király would not have hesitated to meet the man who ordered the invasion .
Thus , instead of investing in the energy industry -- the lifeblood of the economy -- in order to reverse declining output , the Kremlin is devoting its energy to a presidential commission to `` counteract attempts to falsify history to the detriment of Russia 's interests . '' This means that the state will decide which interpretations of history should be considered `` true , '' creating endless opportunities for manipulation to serve the agenda of those in power .
The Katyn massacre was a direct result , with Stalin ordering the mass murder of Poland 's elite in order to decapitate Polish society and thus make it more pliable .
Beyond the opposition , numerous non-political public initiatives have sprung up in the last several years to protest specific government policies -- leading inevitably to confrontation with the existing political order .
On top of all this , we face a new generation of threats , unlike any in history , which spill across borders and have global reach .
Forty years ago , a great American statesman , Dean Acheson , looked back at the excitement he felt in helping to build the post-World War II order .
In Libya , we are deploying a new UN support mission to assist the country 's transitional authorities in establishing a new government and legal order , consistent with the aspirations of the Libyan people .
We need to restore order to international financial markets .
We must think about a new global economic order that more fully reflects the changing realities of our time .
The Road to Nuclear Disarmament NEW YORK -- Weapons of mass destruction and disarmament form one of the gravest challenges facing the world . One of my priorities as United Nations Secretary-General is to promote global public goods and remedies to challenges that do not respect borders .
A world free of nuclear weapons is a global public good of the highest order .
Second , these financial rescue and assistance packages can not stop at the borders of the richest countries .
Then UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and his team drafted a plan , which Turkey 's government took very significant political risks in supporting . The government convinced the Turkish Cypriots to make a leap of faith and vote in favor of the Annan plan in order to reunite the island .
Developing channels of cooperation with Turkey in order to tap into Turkey 's potential to contribute to regional peace and stability in the Middle East is thus imperative for both the US and the EU .
The Turkish political system needs the sense of confidence that comes with EU engagement and the real prospect of membership in order to pursue the systemic political reforms that are still needed .
To illustrate this point , I draw on my personal experience as the care-giver for my wife , who suffers from a severe neurodegenerative disorder that has impaired her memory and motor functions , restricting her independence .
Indeed , in recent months the country has played a pivotal role in helping to establish Asia 's emerging security order .
In February 1979 , China 's leader , Deng Xiaoping , ordered the People 's Liberation Army to invade Vietnam .
An existing border dispute was used as a pretext to launch a swift invasion -LRB- one that caught Nehru 's India by surprise -RRB- , inflict a humiliating defeat , and then stage a seemingly magnanimous unilateral withdrawal designed to highlight India 's impotence .
In a war that lasted barely a month , 250,000 Chinese front-line soldiers were thrashed by 100,000 Vietnamese border-militia troops .
By acting to invigorate an Asian order that rejects hegemonic dominance , even to the extent of improving its military ties with the US , Vietnam has shown that it has learned its own lessons from the blood and treasure that it lost in its long wars of independence .
But , even according to the highest estimates , China 's military budget is only now about equal to that of Japan and , of course , much less than the combined military budgets of Japan , India , and Russia , all of which border China -- not to mention Indonesia , South Korea , and a militarily modernizing Taiwan .
For what Kim is now offering is not peace , but a `` peace offensive '' -- a tactic used by the North repeatedly since the armistice of 1953 in order to sow division whenever the regime 's adversaries have demonstrated unity and resolve .
Some believe that North Korea has begun displaying its growing nuclear threat in order to secure the succession to power of Kim Jong-un , Kim Jong-il 's rotund , twenty-something youngest son .
In fact , the Kan administration -- which loathes the involvement of bureaucrats , who are professionals , in managing public affairs -- delayed notifying neighboring countries when it was forced to order the release of water containing low concentrations of radioactive material .
America 's friends and allies need to think hard about what sort of regional order they want , and they must begin to collaborate in order to breathe life into a structure of peace within which all of Asia can prosper and feel secure .
But the biggest question concerns China 's place in a consensual Asian order , and its willingness to collaborate with its neighbors , as well as with the US , in creating it .
What happens in Afghanistan as America begins to draw down its troops will test the willingness of all of Asia 's powers to work together to build a secure regional order .
If such a consensus can be forged , however , it will provide a foundation for further collaboration in building a pan-Asian order based on consent , not military might .
The growing congruence of strategic interests led to the 2008 Japan-India security agreement , a significant milestone in building a stable geo-political order in Asia .
China 's willingness to throw its weight around amplifies the grave imbalance in size , and leverage , between it and the other countries bordering the South China Sea .
Ultimately , the best way for peace to prevail in the region is for the US and China to share responsibility for a regional order with Asia 's other powers , particularly India , Indonesia , Japan , and South Korea .
Coming at a time when governments with even less debt than Japan need to show that they are putting their financial houses in order , Japan 's budget sends precisely the wrong signal to markets .
Voters chose the DPJ in order to change Japan , but they have mostly seen the same old political scandals . Hatoyama has been accused of receiving shady donations -- `` childcare allowances '' -- from his heiress mother .
But other North Koreans in Iran do not take their marching orders from the embassy , and they are of three types .
The inhabitants of Yonaguni strongly oppose the law , not because they are exclusionary , but because they believe that they are protecting a sensitive border .
But the story is repeated across the border in Pakistan , with serious consequences for both countries .
Everyone knows of the dangers posed by instability on the Afghan-Pakistan border , in Pakistan and the region .
In July , Pakistani and Indian soldiers waged a 12 hour gun battle across disputed border .
In a country with one of the worst histories of economic crisis and volatility , fears of a new meltdown are growing , and investors have been dollarizing their portfolios in order to protect their capital .
The key economic-policy goals should be to rationalize public spending , rein in the growth in the money-supply in order to tame inflation , stem capital outflows , and address utility rates and subsidies .
Moreover , in order to provide much-needed finance to local firms , Argentina needs some of the savings that have been sent abroad to return .
In order to avoid the recurring crises of the past , Argentina must re-establish trust and implement a macroeconomic program to slow inflation , maintain fiscal balance , and promote investment , technological development , and education .
Europe 's Russia SOFIA -- The post-Cold War order in Europe is finished , with Vladimir Putin its executioner . Russia 's invasion of Georgia only marked its passing .
Russia has emerged out of the war as a born-again nineteenth-century power determined to challenge the intellectual , moral , and institutional foundations of the Post-Cold War European order .
Indeed , whereas Russia 's new assertive foreign policy -- a mixture of newly found strength and insecurity and of mercantilism and messianism -- constitutes an existential threat for Europe , the West seems unwilling to focus on the problem of a European order .
Today 's European order emerged out of the ruins of such Cold War institutions as the CFE and the OSCE , and has been shaped by the EU 's eastern enlargement , which was intended to help complete Europe 's reunification .
There was thus no immediate pressure to re-invent Europe 's institutional foundation , because EU enlargement was the institutional foundation for the new European order .
The EU 's main objective should be to preserve the distinctive character of the European order -- i.e. , the centrality of human rights and the rule of law .
The EU 's commitment to bringing the region within its borders remains firm .
Congratulations , not hand-wringing , should be the order of the day .
So , when they took power in 1990 , they were honest enough to say that the `` spontaneous order '' advocated by their hero Friedrich von Hayek would not work because reform needed to be pushed from above .
It is possible for the financial accounts to be in order , and yet for the people -- who make up the firm 's most valuable asset -- to be humiliated and their dignity offended .
Closer to home , the recent spat between Croatia and Slovenia over their maritime border almost scuppered Croatia 's accession plans .
The case for partition is historical as well : these districts were part of Serbia until Tito redrew Yugoslavia 's internal borders in the 1950 's .
But these countries ' territorial integrity and international borders , unlike Kosovo 's , have been settled and recognized around the world for 15 years .
In this way , Asia could catch up with the West in terms of its cultural integration while contributing to the establishment of a genuinely peaceful new world order .
One could by no means rule out `` a return of the world economic crisis and the collapse of the world economic order of 1929-1933 . ''
Accordingly , if tougher sanctions prove to be useful , they will do so by confronting Iran with a united diplomatic front , thereby encouraging its government to make a deal in order to end the country 's isolation .
The unforgettable scene of camel - and horse-riding Mubarak supporters beating tech-savvy Egyptian protesters signals that the old order will not yield without a fight .
They will consider both easing repression , in order to gain sympathy , and tightening it , in order to prevent uncontrollable protests . But , whatever they do , they -- and the rest of the world -- must now expect surprises .
The pattern of the past three years shows that the first order of business must be a ceasefire between the Israeli government -LRB- and all its military and intelligence agencies -RRB- and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- including all the militant factions -RRB- .
Finally a ceasefire must be supported by round-the-clock negotiations -LRB- preferably in secret with top-level US involvement -RRB- aimed at ending the basic reason for the violence -- the occupation of the Palestinian areas -- and determining the issues of borders , settlements , refugees , and Jerusalem .
At home , the new government needs to pay its civil servants , restore law and order , and end the chaos that has become the norm in the Palestinian territories .
In order to end lawlessness , the Palestinian security leadership will need to lift the protection given to armed individuals who have been using their weapons with impunity to injure , kill , and destroy property .
Indeed , law and order must be the top priority of the unity government , owing to the need to restore the Palestinian public 's faith in Palestinian leaders from all factions .
Backed by a reasonable Arab peace plan , they will insist that there is already a worldwide consensus on restoring the 1967 borders -LRB- with mutual adjustments of equal size and quality -RRB- , the need for a fair agreement on dealing with refugees , and a formula to share Jerusalem .
Shortly after redeploying to the borders of Gaza , Israel severely restricted ties between Gaza and the West Bank , as well as the movement of goods in or out of Gaza .
But the Israeli government and army refuse , calling Hamas `` terrorists '' in order to deny them legitimacy , despite previously reaching understandings in southern Lebanon with Hezbollah , which they also consider a `` terrorist organization . ''
Notwithstanding the UN Secretary General 's statement , Israel claimed self-defense , as the air strikes followed a rocket attack from Gaza that killed an Israeli civilian in the border town of Sderot .
Cross-border attacks , hijackings , Arab and international diplomacy , secret talks , non-violent resistance , suicide bombings , rockets , regional Arab initiatives , international peace envoys : nothing has succeeded in ending the occupation .
Meanwhile , the Arab peace proposal , which calls for a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders and a fair solution to the refugee problem in exchange for normalization of Arab states ' relations with Israel , appears doomed .
The anger of northern Israel 's Arab citizens at the killing of their brethren across the border led to a boycott that cost Peres the few thousand votes he needed to win .
In 2002 , he was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that he led the Second Intifada , which had begun two years earlier , and ordered some of its military attacks .
For Palestinians , the return to talks , albeit indirect , is focused on one strategic issue : borders .
The idea , a new one , aims at getting the Israelis and Palestinians to agree to the borders of the Palestinian state that both sides and the rest of the world have said is the way out of the decades-old conflict .
But a return to the 1967 borders would mean that large settlement blocks -- as well as smaller settlements and East Jerusalem -- would be part of the Palestinians state .
Unfortunately , therefore , the indirect negotiations now being launched are unlikely to produce any tangible result on the borders of the Palestinian state . Indeed , to expect such results by the proposed four-month deadline is highly implausible .
By focusing on the need to reach agreements on borders within a short time period , Palestinians are saying that they do not see any need to negotiate gradual steps , preferring to agree on the final settlement first and then work back on issues of implementation .
They have also clearly understood the folly of violent resistance , and have made a dramatic shift to nonviolent action -- with the acceptance -LRB- and possibly encouragement -RRB- of the international community -- in order to maintain pressure on the occupiers .
For Palestinians , the first step in real peace talks must include some accord on the basic issues of borders and security .
Negotiators have parsed every possible solution to the permanent-status issues of Jerusalem , borders , settlements , refugees , and economic relations .
The Obama administration staked its reputation on getting Israelis and Palestinians to agree at least on security and borders .
Palestinians complied with all Israeli and international requirements for security , while Binyamin Netanyahu 's Israeli government , which gives lip-service to the two-state solution , has yet to elucidate where Israel 's borders will be .
Almost every learned pundit , expert , or politician in the Middle East and around the world knows pretty much what a solution to the conflict would look like -- a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders with slight land swaps and an equitable negotiated solution of the Palestinian refugee issue .
`` The borders of Israel and Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed swaps , so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states , '' he said in May .
Once again , Palestinians accepted Obama 's formula , while Netanyahu publicly rejected it , leaving Palestinians with no other nonviolent alternative but to go to the UN to seek a state based on the 1967 borders .
In order to preserve national unity , Abbas will obviously need to use all his persuasive skills to convince radical groups -LRB- some in his own Fatah movement -RRB- to respect that approach .
In order to counter that pressure , he will have to show that a cessation of violence is in the higher interest of Palestinians .
The key to establishing civil order is peace .
But if left to Israelis and Palestinians alone , the goal of Palestinian independence within the 1967 borders of Palestine will most likely remain out of reach .
Hamas understands the political obligations that it must meet in order to be fully accepted in the world community , but its leaders prefer to wait until they are fully empowered before exploring these issues .
In May , he is said to have advised Israeli Prime Minister Yehud Olmert that Israel should hand over the disputed Sheba Farms area on the border with Lebanon and Syria , as well as returning Lebanese prisoners .
Urban and middle-class voters such as those in Penang -- a predominantly Chinese state with strong opposition sentiment -- had always voted to keep the state legislature under the National Front in order to ensure continued funding , while sending opposition candidates to parliament to `` pester '' the National Front there .
The global financial and economic crisis may also be a catalyst for promoting Europe 's vision of a new world order .
Throughout the ages they have sought suitable niches in the international order in order to survive .
As in Egypt , public opposition to a succession seen to threaten the republican order could sharpen the army 's understanding of itself as guardian of the state , prompting it to intervene .
In a democracy , standard restrictions regulate the time , place , and manner of speech in order to prevent imminent violence and civil disorder .
But substantial gaps remain and must be addressed through international cooperation in order to avoid regulatory arbitrage .
They claim that the early British scholars and administrators who documented Indian customs and translated the early sacred texts were bamboozled by the Brahmins -- the first Indians to learn English and thus the only available intermediaries -- into believing that the Hindu social order was caste-based .
This imagined order became reality when British census takers forced Indians to categorize themselves by caste .
To divide a people in order to conquer them is an immoral strategy that has endured throughout recorded history .
These eye-popping statistics have sparked a widespread , sometimes rancorous debate about whether people are taking far more medication than is needed for problems that may not even be mental disorders .
Those opposed to such rampant use of drugs note that diagnostic rates for bipolar disorder , in particular , have skyrocketed by 4,000 % and that overmedication is impossible without over-diagnosis .
To help settle this long-standing dispute , I studied why the number of recognized psychiatric disorders has ballooned so dramatically in recent decades .
In 1980 , the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders added 112 new mental disorders to its third edition -LRB- DSM-III -RRB- .
Fifty-eight more disorders appeared in the revised third -LRB- 1987 -RRB- and fourth -LRB- 1994 -RRB- editions .
After several requests to the American Psychiatric Association , I was granted complete access to the hundreds of unpublished memos , letters , and even votes from the period between 1973 and 1979 , when the DSM-III task force debated each new and existing disorder .
Incredibly , the lists of symptoms for some disorders were knocked out in minutes .
Experts pressed for the inclusion of illnesses as questionable as `` chronic undifferentiated unhappiness disorder '' and `` chronic complaint disorder , '' whose traits included moaning about taxes , the weather , and even sports results .
Social phobia -LRB- later dubbed `` social anxiety disorder '' -RRB- was one of seven new anxiety disorders created in 1980 .
By the 1990 's experts were calling it `` the disorder of the decade , '' insisting that as many as one in five Americans suffers from it .
The list of common behaviors associated with the disorder gave him pause : fear of eating alone in restaurants , avoidance of public toilets , and concern about trembling hands .
By the time a revised task force added dislike of public speaking in 1987 , the disorder seemed sufficiently elastic to include virtually everyone on the planet .
After all , despite the impairment clause , the anxiety disorder mushroomed ; by 2000 , it was the third most common psychiatric disorder in America , behind only depression and alcoholism .
But there is fierce resistance to this by those who say they are fighting grave mental disorders , for which medication is the only viable treatment .
Iran could also view the transitions in Central Asia as an opportunity to expand its regional influence , particularly given its close ethnic and cultural ties with Tajikistan and its long border with Turkmenistan .
America , India , Europe , and Japan will face increasing tension between their short-term military needs in the region and their long-term goal of promoting political reform in order to create more stable and reliable partners .
Clinton 's trip should signal America 's firm commitment to building an independent and democratic Ukraine , and make clear that the US rejects a European security order based on spheres of influence .
WASHINGTON -- The dramatic revolts in Tunisia , Egypt , and Libya have acted as a catalyst for a broader Arab awakening that has fundamentally shaken the Middle East 's political order , which has been in place since the late 1970 's .
Most countries in the region lack strong independent political institutions and traditions on which to build a democratic political order .
Morales and Chávez always emphasize their humble origins in order to appeal emotionally to those who share those characteristics with them , and to blackmail those who do not .
At the end of 2010 , for example , the Morales government decided to eliminate fuel subsidies in order to reduce the fiscal drain of importing market-rate energy and selling it at prices that have not changed in ten years .
The Swedish government responded with indifference , and worse : when the country 's ambassador to Israel put up a note on the embassy 's Web site distancing Sweden from such appalling calumnies , her enraged superiors in Stockholm ordered her to take it down .
Mathematics , the foundation for all science , depends on its concise language and logical ordering .
In America , the requirement is usually for three years of science study , and , today , most U.S. students take science in this order : biology , chemistry , physics .
These orders of magnitude require metaphors and repetition , but they serve as crucial concepts in our world , especially in cosmology and in evolutionary biology .
In order to achieve this , the Central Climate Bank must have the power to do its job .
The Case for Opening Europe 's Borders It is time for Europe 's politicians to admit to voters that governments can not stop people moving across borders .
Aside from a humanitarian crisis , with thousands drowning each year trying to reach Europe and thousands more detained , there is the soaring expense of border controls and bureaucracy , a criminalized people-smuggling industry , and an expanding shadow economy , where illegal migrants are vulnerable to exploitation , labor laws are broken and taxes go unpaid .
Far from protecting us , they undermine law and order , just as Prohibition did more damage to America than drinking ever has .
If open borders are not politically feasible for now , our leaders should at least create a legal route for people from developing countries to enter and work .
With the consent of both the US and Iraq 's new leadership , EU governments should also offer to organize an international conference uniting all those with a stake in Iraqi stability , including Iraq 's neighbors , to work out a strategy and commit resources in order to save Iraq from slipping into protracted turmoil .
France professes to bearing a special responsibility for international order , but so does Germany ; only a few weeks ago , Chancellor Schroeder based his claim to a permanent German seat in the UN Security Council on Germany 's readiness to shoulder such responsibilities .
Of all the crisis regions in the world today , instability in Iraq constitutes the greatest challenge to international order .
But France and Germany can also block European responsibility for international order and for solidarity with a US facing possible defeat in Iraq .
On the one hand , he needs to maximize his control of the economy and society in order to raise wages and pensions and to keep opponents down , while nourishing the long-tail of patronage that keeps him in power .
The possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
In the eyes of some neighboring countries , Russia is emerging as an ideological alternative to the EU that offers a different approach to sovereignty , power , and world order .
More than a third have no influence on task order , and 40 % perform monotonous tasks .
Sustained work-related stress is also an important determinant of depressive disorders - the fourth-largest cause of disease world-wide .
On taking office , Russia 's new president , Dmitry Medvedev , should order an independent review process to help end the country 's pattern of stigmatizing and discriminating against people with disabilities .
Even in the remotest villages on the Angolan border , where Ovambo people live in stick huts , electricity is in short supply , and villagers trek miles each day to fetch firewood and water , a bottle of Coke or Fanta is easy to find .
Wen Jiabao wrote recently in Sichuan that `` more hardship will arouse the country , '' evidently believing that the Chinese may still need to suffer further in order to realize political progress .
President Yoweri Museveni , who is widely credited for integrating Uganda into world markets , has said that globalization is `` the same old order with new means of control , new means of oppression , new means of marginalization '' by rich countries seeking to secure access to developing country markets .
Even before the recent global financial crisis and subsequent recession , governments around the world provided support to the private sector through direct subsidies , tax credits , or loans from development banks in order to bolster growth and support job creation .
Having studied these factors , we believe that the world economy is on the verge of a transformative change -- the transition to a multipolar world economic order .
As they pursue growth opportunities abroad and are encouraged by improved polices at home , emerging-market corporations will play an increasingly prominent role in global business and cross-border investment , while large pools of capital within their borders will allow emerging economies to become key players in financial markets .
Since the end of World War II , the US-centered global economic order has been built on a complementary set of tacit economic and security arrangements between the United States and its core partners , with emerging economies playing a peripheral role .
So the time may be ripe to move forward with the sort of multilateral framework for regulating cross-border investment that has been derailed several times since the 1920 's .
In contrast to international trade and monetary relations , no multilateral regime exists to promote and govern cross-border investment .
In particular , public ownership of land harms the investment incentives for family farms and reduces their chance of consolidating land holdings in order to exploit economies of scale .
The FARC , now wounded and cornered , may decide that its only option is to go on the offensive in order to demonstrate its continuing relevance and remaining strength .
It may also have been behind Russia 's irrational decision to renege on its promise to give Poland the files that document the massacre of thousands of Polish officers on Stalin 's orders in the forest at Katyn at the outbreak of WWII .
Russia needs America and the West in order to realize its ambitious initiative to establish international centers of uranium enrichment , and it needs Western markets , which are the largest consumers of Russia 's gas and oil .
The perennial Russian order -- the dominant state and a powerless , fragmented society -- remains largely in place .
Experience around the world shows that SARS cases must be isolated within a few days of the onset of symptoms in order to control the spread of the virus .
But it would at least restore the truth about the Cultural Revolution , summarizing its lessons in order to avoid repetition .
But the lion 's share of this industrial haze -- like the growing pollution of its coastal waters -- is a direct result of the rapid industrialization of the Pearl River Delta across the border in China 's Guangdong Province .
It will not be easy for leaders on either side of the border to reverse gears , but there is still chance that people and companies can make a difference .
Furthermore , new coal-fired power plants may no longer be allowed on either side of the border , necessitating greater use of natural gas and renewable energy sources .
The third solution we recommend is very cheap , and has the most benefits related to costs : Latin American countries need to make it cheaper and easier to move goods across national borders . This means change both at borders and within countries .
Customs procedures , which currently obstruct the flow of international trade , must be modernized and simplified in order to facilitate it . Simple changes like special fast lines for reliable clients are part of the answer .
Under this system , voters can only vote for political parties as a whole , and thus have no influence on the order in which candidates are elected .
Open-list systems , where voters have influence on the order in which a party 's candidates are elected , provide no such guarantee .
In reality , the talks collapsed because nobody -- not Europe , not the United States , China , India , or the other main developing countries -- was willing to take the political short-term hit by offending inefficient farmers and coddled domestic industries in order to create greater long-term benefits for virtually everyone .
As the Copenhagen Consensus , as well as the World Bank recently advocated , R&D investments on the order of $ 100 billion a year will be needed if wind and other alternative technologies are to become truly viable .
The Hartwell group correctly notes that in order to be successful , our approach to climate policy should offer obvious advantages -LRB- `` rapid and demonstrable pay-back '' -RRB- , appeal to a wide variety of people , and produce measurable results . The Kyoto approach , of course , does none of these things .
Without a vast , highly coordinated global effort , how could we possibly cope with sea-level rises on that order of magnitude ?
The weak and diluted EU Takeover Directive , adopted after more than a decade of debate , fails to facilitate the cross-border mergers within Europe that are needed to build world champions .
We should expand the European single market in order to boost growth and avoid new divisions .
Many citizens believe that European cooperation benefits only the privileged , and that workers and pensioners face higher taxes because cross-border integration has helped the rich find ways to avoid paying their fair share on interest and capital gains .
Common rules to eliminate cross-border tax evasion , and thus erase this perception , should become a priority .
The EU and NATO are unable to expand farther , even though they may want to maintain post-Soviet countries ' interest in membership in order to prevent their possible return to Russia 's orbit .
His brother was trapped in Malaysia with high debts to criminal gangs , so Hector sold his kidney in order to buy his freedom .
It is also realistic in not even trying to defend Iraq 's borders against American air power .
Its implicit mission is to discourage Iran from venturing across the Shatt river border , contested territory and scene of the most intense fighting of the eight-year Iran-Iraq war .
Hezbollah is under order by the UN Security Council to disarm and disband its militia , but it claimed that even after Israel 's full withdrawal from Lebanon in 2000 , it needed its weapons to continue to liberate `` Lebanese territory . '' That refers to a tiny fragment of land , the so-called Sheba farms , declared by UN inspectors to be in Israel , but which Hezbollah claims as part of Lebanon .
Other Lebanese political parties agreed that Hezbollah could keep its weapons to fight there -- but only on condition that it keep the peace on the rest of the border .
That is the condition Nasrallah violated by ordering an attack on an Israeli patrol nowhere near the Sheba farms and launching rockets into Israeli territory .
It ordered the withdrawal from Gaza in order to stop the cycle of violence there , on the presumption that Israeli territory proper would not be attacked .
If more missiles are launched , Israel will cross the border deep into Lebanese territory .
A fully developed contingency plan -- a sophisticated blend of amphibious , airborne , and ground penetrations to reach swiftly and deeply behind the front , before rolling back and destroying Hezbollah positions one by one from the rear , all the way to the Israeli border -- was never implemented .
Having implicitly accepted responsibility for starting the war , Nasrallah has directed Hezbollah to focus on rapid reconstruction in villages and towns , right up to the Israeli border .
They are unable to add value to raw materials in order to sell processed goods in local and international markets and negotiate better prices and favorable trade rules .
Therefore , on a regional level , a large part of the additional resources were used to increase public spending , especially for social security , health , and education , in that order .
They are not willing to fight for greater freedom of speech and are even willing to censor each other in order to preserve what they have .
Today , aggregate demand in advanced economies is still recovering from the global financial crisis , while systemically important emerging economies like Brazil and China are tapping their policy brakes in order to counter economic overheating .
Diplomacy was invented precisely in order to enable relations between adversaries , not friends .
They must formulate and present realistic solutions , and negotiate forcefully and realistically before and during the Copenhagen conference in December 2009 in order to produce a global agreement that is based on an equitable sharing of the global commons .
They argued that by taking care of more than two billion people -- and taking care of them well -- both China and India were already making a major contribution to global stability and order .
Its preamble , which opens with the phrase `` We , the Egyptian people , '' can be read as a scathing attack on Egypt 's current political order , and calls for an end to fear and despotism .
They are a homegrown challenge to an entrenched political order , and they are riding a powerful historical current .
But the urban poor , faced with bad housing , limited infrastructure , and meager services , are vulnerable to epidemics , malnutrition-based childhood diseases , HIV\/AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis , and mental disorders .
A second generic feature of emerging-market cities is that dense concentrations of poverty help create fragile environments that spawn civil disorders , resulting in death and injuries .
More is needed than a handful of combatants reintegrated , a school or two re-built , and an under-funded young government lauded abroad but unable to deliver jobs or law and order to its war-scarred people at home .
Reducing deficits in order to raise the debt ceiling was the right thing to do , but the August 2 law does it in the wrong way .
We should be interested not for prosecutorial purposes , but in order to gain a more profound understanding of a bloody , demagogical , and tyrannical Utopia -- and of human weakness and vulnerability . We may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist 's ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
In order to understand that epoch , we have to know and carefully judge often ambiguous and overwhelming circumstances , never simplifying a multilayered daily reality for the sake of current political goals .
Just as slavery must be learned , step-by-step , in order to survive its terror and tricks , so freedom must be learned in order to face its risks and opportunities .
At that fluid border between old and new people craved most what they had never had : freedom of thought and expression , information , the tools to debate and define their own happiness .
Indian couples have a strong cultural preference , bordering on obsession , for sons over daughters -- despite the strides in education and employment that women have made over the last few decades .
Or did the pattern of abuse amount to so many orders from superiors to `` soften up '' prisoners for interrogation ?
For example , value-added tax is designed to encourage firms to procure invoices for their inputs in order to reduce their own tax outlays .
This is why Europe 's mayors call upon European institutions to focus on social cohesion with the same commitment that has been invested until now in asylum and border controls .
America 's financial house had to be put in order , all debts repaid , and , as London had done for a long time , confidence had to be maintained , which meant guaranteeing the dollar 's convertibility into gold .
Depositors deserve strong , effective protection for their funds -- and the banking system requires it in order to maintain confidence .
The debate is centered on whether to increase the consumption tax in order to sustain the country 's severely strained social security system .
The Japanese police usually overlook private gambling that does not threaten public peace and order .
In order to ride out the hung Diet , Kan will have to reconstruct party unity by replacing at least the incumbent anti-Ozawa party chief or Chief Cabinet Secretary , and , possibly , by appointing a pro-Ozawa Justice Minister -- i.e. , someone who can block Ozawa 's prosecution in the financing scandal .
Recent empirical evidence suggests that the central and eastern European regions benefiting most from EU membership are those around the country 's capital city or sharing a border with one of the 15 countries .
But other barriers can be overcome by reforming housing policies , reducing the cost of moving , and revising social-welfare policies in order to end fears of losing long-term benefits .
Kenya 's Mau Mau war delivered independence in 1963 ; the Algerian revolution liberated that country in 1962 ; anti-colonial wars in Angola , Mozambique , and Guinea-Bissau destroyed the Portuguese empire in 1974 ; the anti-UDI struggle in Rhodesia -LRB- Zimbabwe -RRB- ended white rule ; and the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa finally triumphed against the apartheid racial order .
In order to kill twelve Americans in an attack on the US Embassy in August 1998 , Middle Eastern terrorists killed some two hundred Kenyans in Nairobi .
Sudan bore the brunt of US retaliation , when President Bill Clinton ordered the bombing of an apparently harmless pharmaceutical factory near Khartoum as retaliation for an Osama bin Laden sponsored terrorist attack .
Before Clinton , President Ronald Reagan ordered the bombing of Tripoli and Benghazi in Libya in 1986 in retaliation for the bombing of a German disco in which several Americans were killed .
restructuring of existing regional and continental groupings in order to give priority to increasing the volume of intra-Regional trade .
The AU must secure an AAA bond rating in order to tap international capital markets on the most favorable terms , which includes issuing bonds on African exchanges .
Leon Mba , the first Gabonese president , was such a Francophile that he bequeathed his personal fortune to France in order to finance the construction of a hospital in Paris .
Nigeria plans to demutualize its stock exchange in order to establish it among the prime destinations for frontier investors .
The CFA 's fixed exchange rate peg to the euro shields them from any risk of capital loss at a time when countries around the world are battling to maintain competitive exchange rates in order to export their way out of economic trouble .
With the right governance , Senegal , with its longstanding political stability as a 51-year-old democracy and its strategic position bordering Mauritania , Mali , Guinea and Guinea-Bissau on Africa 's westernmost point , is ideally positioned to serve as the hub for natural-resource development in these countries -- and in Burkina Faso , Gambia , and Niger as well .
The only rational reason for the CFA franc 's existence is connivance between France and the governing elites of its former colonies in order to plunder the franc zone states .
Economic liberalization , deregulation of capital movements , suppression of subsidies , privatization of valuable public assets -LRB- liquidation would be a more appropriate word -RRB- , fiscal austerity , high interest rates , and repressed demand became the order of the day .
These conflicts have taught Africa that , in order to contain the centrifugal pressures that encourage fragmentation within our relatively new states , a conscious effort must be made to nurture and entrench national unity , which must include democratic practices .
Westminster 's writ no longer runs north of the border , at least as far as things like education and health are concerned .
In order to maintain strong economic growth in America , we need a strong , growing Asia , just as Asia 's success depends on a thriving US .
In the period since , we have had our ups and downs , but most member states have made a considerable effort to get their house in order .
In Europe , crisis management mechanisms must be put in place to manage their deeply integrated nature , as 80 % of Europe 's banking assets held in cross-border banking groups .
Mortgage assets and leveraged loans created in huckster shops , carved up and buried in `` CDO squareds '' -LRB- securitizations wrapped in other securitizations -RRB- , and characterized by progressively more obscure , more contingent , and more complex orders of priority for allocating cash flows have no place in capital markets .
We now know that it atrophies in a number of psychiatric disorders .
On the other hand , rather than atrophying , the amygdala , the seat of emotional memories , becomes hyperactive both in post-traumatic stress disorder and depressive illness , and there is evidence from animal studies of a hypertrophy of nerve cells after repeated stress .
Indeed , in key respects depression is comparable to Cushing 's disease , a disorder cause by excessive production of cortisol .
Because the remodeling of neurons by stress is reversible , researchers now believe that chronic anxiety disorders and depression represent a lack of resilience , or spontaneous recovery , in susceptible individuals .
Developmental influences involving the quality of parenting and acquisition of attachment have a powerful influence on subsequent stress vulnerability during the rest of our lives -- for example , abuse and neglect in childhood increase our vulnerability to physical and mental disorders , including obesity , cardiovascular disease , depression , post-traumatic stress disorder , substance abuse , and antisocial behavior .
Social ordering in human society is associated with gradients of disease , with an increasing frequency of mortality and morbidity as one descends the scale of socioeconomic status , which reflects both income and education .
In a rapidly growing developing country whose financial system is still immature , introducing exchange-rate flexibility in order to insulate domestic macroeconomic policy from the ebb and flow of international payments , as the IMF advocates , is an even more questionable strategy .
Consider , too , that one symptom of posttraumatic stress disorder is an `` inability to recall an important aspect of the trauma . ''
Indeed , the mind does not operate like a video recorder , and thus not every aspect of a traumatic experience gets encoded into memory in the first place .
In the beginning , the authority given to these new posts was somewhat overstated in order to make their powers effective .
Companies that do not meet the new gender rules , which also apply to the public sector -- risk being dissolved by court order .
The alternative , a targeted tax holiday , constitutes a welcome break with the culture of `` time off , '' and an encouragement to those who , as Sarkozy 's campaign slogan put it , want to `` work more in order to earn more . ''
If the presidency goes to a politician who lacks fame and charisma , its place will forever be low down in the international pecking order .
The first is the politics of world theater , where a political figure of global stature could do much to raise the EU 's profile and ensure that it has a major say in re-ordering the post-crisis global economic rulebook .
Emphasizing China 's meteoric rise means less understanding in the rest of the world of the need to sustain rapid economic development in order to satisfy the expectations of its 1.3 billion inhabitants .
For his part , Barroso is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block his reappointment .
As for the euro , the Germans have to accept that if they want to remain good Europeans , they have to get their own fiscal house in order . For whatever they do or refrain from doing in terms of domestic reforms affects their partners .
The German-Soviet non-aggression treaty , the so-called Hitler-Stalin pact , concluded in August 1939 , had been supplemented by a secret appendix dividing the border states Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland and Romania into spheres of interest for the two parties .
Unnecessary barriers to cross-border capital flows and direct cross-border investment must be eliminated as economies become stronger .
And America must be a respectful partner in order to encourage rising powers like India and China to play more constructive roles in international affairs .
The world community is not there yet , and until it is , the world needs a new kind of American leader -- a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago .
Although many states now hide behind an alleged universal principle of inviolable state sovereignty , for example , would the international community really want to go back to the old model where states did whatever they wanted to their citizens within the confines of their own borders ?
Asian states should also strengthen Asia-Pacific regional structures like APEC and the ASEAN Regional Forum in order to ensure stronger collaboration on issues of regional and global concern .
But if China 's leaders will neither do more to support the current international system , nor articulate an alternative , and instead continue to hark back to nineteenth-century models of inviolable sovereignty , they will destroy a global order that , warts and all , has served the world exceedingly well .
No significant special efforts have been made to reach out to the Tamil-speaking minority in order to understand better and address those legitimate concerns that found illegitimate expression through the LTTE .
Reports of new amendments being drafted in order to rescind these guarantees would be extremely disturbing if confirmed .
Yet no single event did more to bring down communism in Europe -- and thus to re-shape the post-war international order .
In May , Hungarian reformers began tearing down the fence along their border with Austria -- a hole in the Iron Curtain .
Border guards , receiving no instructions and not knowing what else to do , opened them up .
Imagine that , the next day , Krenz 's travel laws had taken effect in an orderly and efficient German way .
There , the country 's communist masters ordered the security forces to fire on the people .
It began in mid-December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border .
When Ceausescu ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
We do not want a new Iron Curtain on the Polish-Ukrainian border .
Since then , it has participated in UN and NATO peace missions , and it has settled its borders with all its neighbors .
On the tenth anniversary of that invasion , Václav Havel , Jacek Kuron , and I , along with other dissidents , met on the Czech-Polish border .
Polish Interior Minister Mieczyslaw Moczar , the leader of the nationalist faction , combined communist rhetoric with a language proper to fascist movements in order to mobilize the masses against the `` cosmopolitan-liberal intelligentsia . ''
This brings me to the second , often less readily recognized , objection to a resolution fund : banking -LRB- and quasi-banking -RRB- losses were huge in the recent financial crisis because regulators closed their eyes to misdeeds in order to ensure bankers ' international competitiveness or , more simply , because they had been `` captured '' by them .
So , in order to keep residual losses small , supervisors must be obliged to undertake early corrective action when a bank 's capital weakens , which is how the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation operates .
People nowadays know much more about conditions in different countries than they did in the past , and if moving across a border means that their income can be multiplied several-fold , they will try to do it .
This is why today 's most contentious borders separate economies where the income gaps between people on the two sides are the greatest .
There are four such global hot spots : the borders between the US and Mexico , Spain and Morocco , Greece -LRB- and Italy -RRB- and the southern Balkans , and Indonesia and Singapore -LRB- or Malaysia -RRB- .
And a good deal of traffic -- with new cars smuggled in through tunnels beneath the `` Philadelphi Route '' that runs along the Egyptian border .
We met the niece and son of a farmer caught in the `` buffer zone '' between the Israeli border and Gaza .
In order to begin addressing these deficiencies , `` The IAEA 's work involves building countries ' capacity for radiation medicine .
Similarly , Noonan syndrome , a relatively common genetic disorder , is marked by abnormal development in various systems of the body that causes unusual facial characteristics , short stature , and cardiac abnormalities .
To be sure , good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of H5N1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected , so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures , including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain .
Addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements : expansion of productive infrastructure -LRB- roads , ports , and airports -RRB- in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth ; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation ; and forthcoming international sporting events -LRB- the World Cup and the Olympic Games -RRB- that Brazil will host in the next few years .
Brazil also needs budgetary space to accommodate needed investment in social infrastructure , especially sanitation and basic health-care facilities , in order to reduce the incidence of infectious diseases .
But the EU 's next challenge will be its new frontier : the former Soviet bloc nations - Serbia , Belarus , Ukraine , and of course Russia - which lie restlessly along the EU 's new eastern border .
Third , the new neighbors present the EU with its most important cross-border issues .
Other vital issues do n't respect borders .
The EU can not reduce carbon emissions within its borders if it does not cooperate with Ukraine and Russia : carbon dioxide emissions per capita in these two countries rival that of many West European states , even though their per capita income is 15 to 30 times lower .
The EU will also have to devise policies governing the movement of goods and people across its new borders .
Porous before expansion , these borders must now constrain illegal migration and repel criminal activity .
But these countries are unlikely to heed EU demands for open economies and societies if EU borders and EU policies block the free movement of goods , services and people .
Advocates of the notion of `` Arab exceptionalism , '' which questions the ability of Arab societies to adapt democratic systems are in fact objectively allied with `` grand narrative '' ideologues - and also with the beneficiaries of the Arab world 's patronage-based political order .
These are the basic traits of a modern political order .
Recently , a high South Korean official listed in hierarchical order the countries that mattered most in the North Korean nuclear crisis . China came first , followed by the US , Russia , Japan , and South Korea , whereas Europe was absent .
Indeed , on issues such as law and order , respect for authority , and nationalism , one finds her positions far from what one would expect of a Socialist candidate .
An anybody-but-Sarkozy reflex may exist in some circles of French society , but , in order to prevail , a credible alternative is required .
In order to have a serious chance to win , she has to transform the second ballot into a referendum against Nicolas Sarkozy .
China and Russia in the New World Disorder
China and Russia in the New World Disorder Can Kosovo achieve independence without the tacit consent of Russia , and can there be a humanitarian and political solution to the tragedy in Darfur without the active goodwill of China ?
Indeed , the Middle East 's deepening problems may impose a sense of restraint in Russia and China by forcing them to calculate not in terms of their global `` nuisance value '' vis-à-vis the West , but in terms of their ability to make a positive and stabilizing contribution to the world order .
The big picture then was not the `` anarchist plot '' to destabilize empires , but the rise of exasperated nationalisms , coupled with the suicidal instinct of a decaying order and the fatal mechanism of the logic of `` secret alliances . ''
Yet , between all-out containment , which is very unlikely and not necessarily desirable or realistic , and accommodation which borders on appeasement , which would be dangerous for Europe 's future , a third way , based on a few firm principles , must be found .
Europe is being cautious in the name of avoiding debt and defending the euro , whereas the US has moved on many fronts in order not to waste an ideal opportunity to implement badly needed structural reforms .
But before this new order appears , the world may be faced with spreading disorder , if not outright chaos .
One World , One Europe PARIS -- G-8 , G-5 , G-20 , G-2 , G-3 , and now the G-14 -LRB- the G-8 plus the G-5 plus Egypt -RRB- : never have the `` mathematics '' of world order seemed more complex and confusing .
One must know the past , not to risk repeating it , but also in order to transcend it .
It all looks as if the need to integrate communities within nations , to reconcile them with their past in order to unite them around a common identity and therefore a common project for the future , has replaced Europe 's now-completed mission of reconciling old enemies like Germany and France .
The terrorist attacks on Western targets that he ordered include not only the Pan Am tragedy in Lockerbie , Scotland , but also a French UTA plane blown up over Africa .
The US had a unique opportunity at the end of the Cold War to use its benevolent and enlightened superiority to establish a better international order .
But some candidates will not be able to conclude negotiations this year . A special effort should be made in order to strengthen their prospects .
This is essential not only in order to build a `` better socialism , '' as Castro has promised , but , especially , to legitimize the continuity of the regime established by his brother Fidel 's revolution .
But , in order to secure public support , Assad 's government has allowed for greater domestic consumption , so foreign imports are rising fast .
Last year , however , as Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan pushed forward on strengthening Turkey 's Middle Eastern ties , visa requirements between the two countries were eased , with cross-border car traffic increasing 22 % in five months .
In order to get further assistance , Lebanon urgently needs to strengthen its ties with the US , as well as those that it has been developing within the framework of EU Mediterranean Cooperation .
The 2003 World Press Freedom report put out by the group Reporters without Borders ranks China 161st among 166 nations , somewhere between Iran and North Korea .
Party officials do n't hover over each step of the process , and virtually no cutting of completed products is carried out on Party orders .
The large hole -LRB- on the order of $ 700 billion or more -RRB- in global aggregate demand will have to be filled over time by a compensating increase in consumption in surplus economies , such as China and Japan .
Second , everyone must recognize their stake in restoring balanced advanced-country growth as much and as soon as possible in order to counter the ongoing shortfall in aggregate demand .
The second is a set of understandings and commitments among the major advanced and developing countries to rebalance the global economy in order to restore aggregate demand and growth .
Finally , one would hope that the concept of belonging to the same Mediterranean family could bring about new solutions to old conflicts -- for example , offering Palestinians and Israelis alike the healing that both peoples desire , but which the dying old Arab order failed to achieve .
In order to maintain their dominance , Arab governments have relied on flawed laws and elections that do n't produce strong parliaments or lead to real change .
Yet opponents of the idea of `` Muslim democracy '' argue that European Catholics only turned to democracy under orders from the Vatican , and that since Muslims do not have anything like a Church hierarchy , Christian Democracy is an irrelevant example .
In Italy , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi precipitated a constitutional crisis by trying to rush through emergency legislation to prevent a comatose patient from being taken off life support . This reminded many observers of what the America 's Republican Party tried to do in order to demonstrate its `` pro-life commitments '' during George W. Bush 's presidency .
The result is widespread invocation by governments of religious norms , and to a lesser extent references to tradition , in order to legitimize the continuation of patriarchal rule . `` State feminism '' is generally more a demonstration of rhetoric or political symbolism , concerned primarily with projecting a progressive image internationally , than it is a real motor for change .
An imperial order in 1890 outlined the objectives of education : the Confucian concepts of loyalty , obedience , and filial piety were to be transferred from the family to the nation .
To achieve this goal , the agricultural economy must be revived in order to revive this industry , providing jobs and food for people .
In order to attract the FDI needed to achieve this , southern African countries have enacted laws aimed at encouraging greater private sector participation , with special emphasis on foreign investment .
Nevertheless , electronic eavesdropping without court authorization , of the sort Bush ordered starting in 2002 , played a particularly important part in Nixon 's downfall .
In fact , Bush pursued his policy despite a 1978 law -- adopted in response to the Nixon-era abuses -- that specifically requires judicial approval , and in contradiction to his public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order .
On the basis of the record so far , however , some skepticism seems in order over the claim that justice will obstruct peace .
The world embarked on the creation of international criminal tribunals a decade and a half ago in order to end the impunity with which heads of state and leaders of guerrilla groups commit atrocious crimes .
But condemning thousands to death in order to be able to punish him is intolerable as well .
The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo , and President Bush 's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there , aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be `` unlawful combatants . ''
Through a combination of financial incentives and menacing threats , including two incidents of police shootings during demonstrations , the Kibaki government ordered the nation to vote yes .
Developing countries need substantial help and support from rich nations in order to implement their plans for low-carbon economic growth , and to adapt to the effects of climate change that are now inevitable over the next few decades .
The great swath of states stretching from North America across Europe through Russia has a vital role to play in stabilizing an increasingly fragmented and stressed international order .
Lately , several national leaders , including the Russian and US presidents and NATO secretary-general , have embraced the idea of a Euro-Atlantic security community , and begun stressing the importance of fashioning a stronger and more inclusive European security order .
Similarly , the Euro-Atlantic states can mobilize behind efforts to strengthen the International Atomic Energy Agency 's safeguards system , which ensures the non-diversion of peaceful nuclear programs , in order to foster cooperation on countering the threat of nuclear terrorism , and to develop new mechanisms to protect jointly critical infrastructure from cyber attack .
This is only a partial list of what must be done if governments are serious about building a stronger , inclusive European security order , one where the roles and risks of nuclear weapons are reduced , and ultimately eliminated .
In order to lift people out of poverty and ensure food security , a sustained effort is needed to develop Africa 's agriculture and the associated infrastructure -- notably roads , telecommunication , and energy -- needed to unleash agricultural potential .
More broadly , African countries need to put their political and economic houses in order .
It extends to nothing less than a complete reshaping of the global order .
Europeans have grown used to the idea that the transatlantic relationship is the foundation of the international order .
In the new Obama world order , transatlantic relations are not the foundation , but just one of the Venn diagram 's ellipses -- as significant or insignificant as Europeans choose to make it .
It can be addressed only when Europeans take stock of the way the world is changing , decide that allowing others to determine the future world order is less than optimal , and develop the attitudes and behaviors of a post-American Europe .
But many educators have begun to argue that such intervention in what may be a hardwired aspect of `` boy-ness '' can lead to boys ' academic underperformance relative to girls , and to more frequent diagnoses of behavioral problems , attention deficit disorder , and so on .
But , six months after he ordered an end to torture and CIA `` black sites , '' and promised to close Guantánamo within a year , Obama seems to be re-branding Bush 's worst excesses .
Nor has the access of lawyers to their Guantánamo clients improved under Obama . `` We are subject in all detainee cases to a protective order , '' Dixon says .
`` Under this order , everything the detainee says is classified , '' unless the Department of Defense `` Privilege Team '' decides otherwise .
But this means that newspapers , in order to survive , will have to abandon their top-down tone , their `` we decide what 's important '' sense of hierarchy , and create more collaborative kinds of documentation and feedback with citizens .
The US is the largest source of greenhouse gases , but three quarters of the sources originate outside its borders .
These flexible groups are particularly effective in penetrating states without regard to borders .
In addition to Human Rights Watch , other NGO 's such as Transparency International , Oxfam , and Doctors without Borders have undergone exponential growth in terms of mainstream media mentions .
Yet they tend to pluralize world politics by calling attention to issues that governments prefer to ignore , and by acting as pressure groups across borders .
Today , some states harbor terrorists in order to attack their enemies or because they are too weak to control powerful groups .
Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing , police work across borders , tracing financial flows , and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat .
The US does n't have to make others look like little Americans , but it does have to live up to its core values in order to use its soft power effectively .
During the Cold War , America 's approach to the Middle East was to foster stability in order to prevent the spread of Soviet influence , ensure the supply of oil , and provide security for Israel .
Although this called the legality of the action into question , the intervention benefited from a widespread sense of political legitimacy that limited its negative effects on international order .
Indeed , some analysts have even suggested that the US create a non-partisan corporation for public diplomacy that would receive government and private funds , but would stimulate independent cross-border communications .
Optimists point out that China has engaged in good neighbor policies since the 1990 's , settled border disputes , played a greater role in international institutions , and recognized the benefits of using soft power .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it during Wen 's visit , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a huge change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
India has a 3,000-kilometer border with China , a 2,000-kilometer border with Pakistan -LRB- which has been the beneficiary of Chinese military and nuclear assistance -RRB- , and growing concerns about the security of sea routes in the Indian Ocean over which oil and other trade move .
The bottom board includes transnational relations that cross borders outside the control of governments -- everything from drugs to infectious diseases to climate change to transnational terrorism .
And when bureaucrats continually thwarted his orders , he used glasnost , or open discussion and democratization .
Even neighbors with low tariff barriers , like Canada and the United States , trade more internally than across borders .
In 1919 , the economist John Maynard Keynes described the possibility of an Englishman in London using a telephone to order goods from around the world to be delivered to his house by the afternoon .
Borders will become harder to cross for both people and goods .
Similarly , China , with its focus on economic growth , fears that a collapse of the North Korean regime would threaten stability on its borders .
Terrorism is a form of theater . Extremists kill innocent people in order to dramatize their message in a way that shocks and horrifies their intended audience .
Others point out that China has engaged in `` good neighbor '' policies since the 1990 's , settled border disputes , played a greater role in international institutions , and recognized the benefits of using soft power .
In military terms , European countries need to spend more on secure communications , airlift capabilities , special operations , and dealing with chemical and biological battlefields in order to be able to fight the war on terrorism effectively .
It had swung too far in the direction of chaos under Yeltsin , and has now swung too far in the direction of order and state control under Putin .
Maintaining regional balances of power and dampening local incentives to use force to change borders provides a public good for many -LRB- but not all -RRB- countries .
Others benefit from the order that such efforts provide , but so does the US .
Financial and scientific help from rich countries is important not only for humanitarian reasons , but also to prevent failed states from becoming sources of disorder for the rest of the world .
By using its good offices to mediate conflicts in places like Northern Ireland , Morocco , and the Aegean Sea , the US has helped in shaping international order in ways that are beneficial to other nations .
As Singh put it during Wen 's visit , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
The two countries ' recent rapprochement marks a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
The border dispute remains unsettled , and both countries vie for influence in neighboring states such as Myanmar .
The bottom chessboard is the realm of transnational relations that cross borders outside of government control .
And , in a world where borders are becoming increasingly porous to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , America must mobilize international coalitions to address shared threats and challenges .
A `` liberal realist '' policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system 's strongest country to produce global public goods -- things people and governments around the world want but can not otherwise attain -- as Britain did in the nineteenth century .
In his first weeks in office , he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan , ordering the closure of the Guantánamo Bay prison , promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy , giving an interview to Al Arabiya , and sending a top emissary to the Middle East .
In a networked world , leadership is more like being in the middle of the circle and attracting others than being `` king of the mountain '' and issuing orders to subordinates down below .
The bottom chessboard is the realm of transnational relations that cross borders beyond government control .
Even more important , the information revolution is creating virtual communities and networks that cut across national borders , and transnational corporations and non-governmental actors - terrorists included - will play larger roles .
In a world where borders are becoming more porous than ever to everything from drugs to infectious diseases to terrorism , Americans will be forced to work with other countries beyond their borders .
The North Koreans have violated their agreements , knowing that China , the country with the greatest potential leverage , is most concerned about regime collapse in North Korea , and thus the threat of chaos on its borders .
A year later , at a Cairo conference that negotiated borders in the region , he changed to a British officer 's uniform as he engaged in hard transactional bargaining .
South Koreans often complain about the disorderliness of their political system , and the Hansun Foundation Report rated South Korea 16th among the G-20 in the efficiency of legislative activities , and 17th in political stability and efficiency .
Korean popular culture has also crossed borders , particularly among younger people in neighboring Asian countries , while the impressive success of the Korean diaspora in the US has further enhanced the attractiveness of the culture and country from which they came .
And now technology has brought a new dimension to warfare : the prospect of cyber attacks , by which an enemy -- state or non-state -- can create enormous physical destruction -LRB- or threaten to do so -RRB- without an army that physically crosses another state 's border .
A well-ordered modern state is defined by a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , which allows domestic markets to operate .
Internationally , where order is more tenuous , residual concerns about the coercive use of force , even if a low probability , can have important effects .
Military force , along with norms and institutions , helps to provide a minimal degree of order .
Metaphorically , military power provides a degree of security that is to political and economic order as oxygen is to breathing : little noticed until it begins to become scarce .
In this approach to public diplomacy , government policy is aimed at promoting and participating in , rather than controlling , such cross-border networks .
Instead , Europe is starting to look like the loser in a new geopolitical order dominated by the US and emerging powers led by China . '' A `` seminal image , '' according to Walker , was the meeting on December 18 , 2009 , that brokered the modest Copenhagen Accord -- a meeting led by the US and the Chinese , who invited the leaders of India , Brazil , and South Africa , but no Europeans .
With its current levels of immigration , America is one of the few developed countries that may avoid demographic decline and keep its share of world population , but this might change if reactions to terrorist events or public xenophobia closed the borders .
In 1986 , Mikhail Gorbachev described the Soviet economy as `` very disordered .
On November 23 , its army fired nearly 200 artillery rounds onto the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong , near the two countries ' disputed maritime border , killing four -- including two civilians -- and demolishing scores of houses and other structures .
If the Chinese do not pump aid into his crumbling economy , he argues , they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest . ''
China does not want a nuclear or belligerent North Korea , but it is even more concerned about a failed state collapsing on its border .
Transnational terrorism can only be confronted by close civilian cooperation such as intelligence sharing , police work across borders , and tracing financial flows .
As Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh put it at the time , `` India and China can together reshape the world order . ''
Such statements reflect a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled Indian-Chinese relations following the two countries ' 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas .
The border dispute remains unsettled , and both countries vie for influence in neighboring states such as Myanmar .
And , while the two countries signed agreements in 1993 and 1996 that promised a peaceful settlement of the border dispute that led them to war in l962 , it is worth noting that , just prior to India 's nuclear tests in March l998 , India 's defense minister described China as India 's `` potential enemy number one . ''
More recently , in 2009 , the border issue flared again .
But China 's leaders will have to contend with other countries ' reactions , as well as with the constraints implied by the need for external markets and resources in order to meet their economic-growth objectives .
A well-ordered modern state is one that holds a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , and that allows domestic markets to operate .
Internationally , where order is more tenuous , residual concerns about the coercive use of force , even if a low probability , can have important effects -- including a stabilizing effect .
Indeed , metaphorically , military power provides a degree of security that is to order as oxygen is to breathing : little noticed until it becomes scarce , at which point its absence dominates all else .
For example , China began pressing territorial claims in the South China Sea , as well as escalating a longstanding border dispute with India .
Even so , the elimination of top Al Qaeda leaders , the strengthening of American intelligence , tighter border controls , and greater cooperation between the FBI and the CIA have all clearly made the US -LRB- and its allies -RRB- safer .
Indeed , the threat to the EU legal order does not lie solely with the German Constitutional Court .
Thus , Ireland might yet play as significant a part as Germany in determining the future of any amendments to the EU constitutional order , with each country 's top court playing as important a role as politicians in shaping Europe 's future .
Regulation of cross-border capital flows has been strangely absent from the G-20 's agenda , which is aimed at strengthening financial regulation .
This would require , for instance , stimulating growth in Europe , Asia , and the major oil exporters in order to offset the contractionary effect on the world economy of adjustment in the US , which should include more restrictive fiscal policies , less private consumption , and higher domestic savings to reduce its external deficit .
But , while that implies that emerging-market currencies must strengthen , disorderly appreciations would do more harm than good .
But disorderly appreciation may seriously affect China 's economic growth by disrupting its export industries , which would generate major adverse effects on all of East Asia .
So , a more orderly way to induce current-account deficits without risking disruption of emerging economies ' growth should be considered .
A much better way forward is to rethink seriously the role of cross-border capital-account regulations .
The G-20 , however , has largely focused on re-regulating domestic finance , whereas cross-border finance has been left entirely off its agenda , as if it required no regulation -- and indeed as if it were not part of global finance .
A particular linguistic twist is also involved here : domestic financial regulations are called by that name , but if they involve cross-border flows , they are called `` controls . ''
A reserve requirement on cross-border flows is one of them .
But it left cross-border capital flows entirely off the agenda , as if they were not a part of finance .
The basic conclusion of all of these documents is that regulations of cross-border capital flows can complement macroeconomic policy and so-called `` macro-prudential '' financial regulations .
One of them is a reserve requirement on cross-border flows -- successfully implemented in Chile , Colombia , and elsewhere -- or , even better , on cross-border liabilities .
Hence , this strategy will require some cross-border shipment of e-waste .
The challenge for the US , Europe , and Japan will now be to internalize Chinese companies and methods in order to galvanize their own to higher levels of productivity and innovation .
Israeli border controls have reduced the flow of people crossing the border to a trickle , and have suffocated Gaza 's economy , choking off imports and exports and cutting fuel deliveries and electricity .
Obasanjo refused to call them to order , even after they invaded and razed government offices .
Last May , the National Assembly slapped down his attempt to re-write the constitution in order to remain in office beyond the stipulated two terms .
Many spend their days lying in bed , where they develop major health problems including bedsores , muscle atrophy , spinal deformities , and breathing disorders .
Hungary played a special role in the collapse of Communism , accelerating the process by opening its borders for East German refugees .
Rather than attacking Communist rule directly , we would create small islands of freedom , inter-connected social circles and associations , which , when the moment came , could all be connected in order to change the system .
If our faith is strong enough , we can survive this crisis without destroying what we have built together by opening our borders , destroying the Wall , unifying Germany , and completing our democratic transitions .
In order to facilitate monetary convergence effectively , DIT policies should follow a two-stage adjustment process .
NEW YORK -- Over the last two years , the majority of countries in the world chose to expand public spending in order to buffer the impact of the global financial crisis on their economies and populations .
The paper went on to warn that , `` In their own hearts , we are afraid that Chu and Locke put their priorities in exactly the opposite order . ''
But now is the moment for both countries to put the past aside in order to address their common security concerns .
It is a NATO member , bordering the three Caucasus republics that have NATO Individual Partnership Action Programs .
It aspires to join the European Union , and would bring the EU to our three borders , even as we , too , aspire to join one day .
But , in order to succeed , Turkey must firmly pursue a pledge from all the region 's players to repudiate the use of force in settling their disputes .
The Caucasus is too small a space for closed borders and explosive conflicts .
There must be normalization in our relations in order for the Caucasus to coalesce into a functional region .
Beyond the emotional impact of President Gul 's visit to Yerevan , real improvement in Turkish-Armenian relations requires opening the two countries ' closed border -- the last in Europe .
The Armenians came to believe that Turkey would find a way to reconcile Azerbaijan 's interests with the Turkish opening to Armenia , and would open the border with Armenia regardless of progress on resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh issue .
The problem is that Turkey initially closed the border precisely because of Nagorno-Karabakh , rather than any bilateral issue .
Turkey believed that by signing protocols with Armenia and clearly indicating its readiness to open the border , the Armenians could somehow be cajoled or pressured into resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh problem more quickly or cede territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh .
Turkey 's secular , capitalistic , democratic order has become especially valuable to the Bush administration as it seeks to integrate the wider Middle East into the world system by liberalizing its economy and democratizing its polity .
The northern border with Turkey is their lifeline to the outside world .
Over a million Palestinians , unable to flee to either Egypt or Israel , have for years been ruled by a military junta that prioritizes the killing of Israelis , across the international border , at all costs .
Indeed , there is no symmetry of suffering on the two sides of the border .
Olmert , Defense Minister Ehud Barak , and Foreign Minister Tzippi Livni have cast aside their political rivalries in order to orchestrate an answer : Israel must fight off the Gazan rockets .
Families of the disappeared , killed , and tortured told the press that Humala ordered the atrocitie
Entrepreneurs need to face competition in order to develop , whereas individuals who are laid off may have difficulties getting back into productive work .
Politicians are blamed because they did not tighten fiscal policies when needed in order to prevent property bubbles , rein in external deficits , and avert economic overheating .
Neglecting the risks and exaggerating the benefits of the euro in order to promote short-term support for it inevitably became self-destructive .
Although good governance and human rights remained among the ENP 's proclaimed goals , official communications of the European Commission show that it emphasized security and border control .
It has also pressured other East Asian countries to under-value their exchange rates in order to remain competitive with Japan .
That means Japan should decisively abandon ultra-low interest rates , albeit gradually so as to allow an orderly unwinding of speculative positions .
Lastly , conservatives have trotted out the old moral hazard story in order to argue that a bailout would turn American manufacturing into a permanent beggar of government funds .
We 're making changes at the top in order to open up our party to greater participation .
Above all , to be `` strong , '' you 're supposed to be giving orders .
And threats like terrorism , trafficking of arms , drugs , and people , and climate change are borderless and complex .
Moreover , they warn of the moral hazard generated by relieving over-indebted countries from the pressure to put their public finances in order .
Finally , the need to move ahead with European unification in order to legitimize the inevitable infringement of over-indebted countries ' sovereignty might eventually infringe upon German sovereignty as well .
Investors need to be reassured that debt-service costs are under control , and that debt volumes and deficit limits are firmly monitored in order to minimize default risks and strengthen banks ' ability to lay the groundwork for sustainable growth .
The eurozone 's cohesion and future growth depend critically on creating a framework -- through grants and loans -- for investment capital to flow to the poorer countries in order to close the competitiveness gap .
So Britain 's Muslims have presented no major problems of law and order .
Long chains of DNA can now be manufactured to order , and scientists are identifying which genes are essential .
The police dismissed an initial court order demanding that Biti be produced before the court .
My own country , for example , invented much of what it means to be British in order to accommodate Scotland in the eighteenth century to the idea of rule from England , and to persuade the whole of the United Kingdom that it should not object to being ruled by German kings .
Second , in order to understand how to cope with the problems that plague us -- from terrorism to nuclear proliferation -- it is sensible to know how and whence they emerged .
It was the latest resort to terrible violence in order to resolve how to share in peace what Christians still like to call the Holy Land .
A Palestinian state within the 1967 borders , adjusted by agreement through mutual land swaps .
In any democratic system of checks and balances , leaders usually require coalitions in order to get what they want done .
Presumably , Blair is not proposing to the Palestinians the creation of a state before an agreement is reached on final borders .
Any Palestinian state should be within the 1967 borders -LRB- as adjusted through negotiation -RRB- .
Pragmatism with a Leninist face is the order of the day .
The best example of this is energy policy and Russia , which wants a sphere of influence around its borders .
Obama clearly recognizes that the NPT needs to be strengthened in order to prevent countries from turning their civil nuclear-power capacity into weapons .
It will require leadership skills of a high order to persuade voters that in order to prevent national decline we must curb our appetite for more and more public spending .
Moreover , there are substantial policy differences between the two parties , with Liberals placing political reform at the top of their agenda , in order to establish an electoral system that would suit them better .
The imposition of a border zone has gobbled up 29 % of the strip 's agricultural land .
But Israel and Egypt -- partners in the siege -- turn a blind eye most of the time to tunnels -LRB- perhaps as many as a thousand -RRB- that snake under the Egyptian border at Rafah and bring in black-market goods , which Hamas then taxes .
But , in order to secure the status that it desires , it must demonstrate that it understands that partnership is a two-way street .
You can see the consequences in the sprawling cemeteries of northern and eastern France and the borderlands of central Europe .
We should also avoid the cheap political trick of holding down what we pay to poor farmers in order to benefit poor city dwellers .
Al-Qaeda still has bases with the Taliban on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border .
But less familiar effects of global warming -- namely , serious human medical disorders -- are no less worrisome .
These disorders are projected to become increasingly prevalent because cold weather limits mosquitoes to seasons and regions with certain minimum temperatures .
Mullah Aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize , that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas , as well as surrounding areas , to double poppy production the following year .
But caution is in order , and the political elites of big national states , in particular , should ponder whether they are not overplaying their hands once again .
A disorderly default , and the resulting downward pressure on the euro , would unavoidably cause Chinese investments to lose value .
Israel never said that it wants to destroy Iran ; Israel never openly proclaimed that it would enrich uranium and build nuclear bombs in order to destroy another country .
It would reverse the pattern whereby Europe relies on repressive regimes to supply it with oil and gas and guard its borders against migrants .
The EU-led Stability Pact for South Eastern Europe has since 1999 successfully stimulated regional cross-border cooperation , for the first time since the breakdown of Yugoslavia .
While the EU at first took their accession negotiations a bit too casually , it subsequently decided to continue monitoring the two countries even after accession in order to ensure that they develop the effective administrative and judicial systems that are an obligation of membership .
To protect commercial banks from risking their own solvency -LRB- and the whole country 's solvency besides -RRB- once again , Richard Robb suggested that a small tax on banks ' short-term debts be imposed in order to deter banks from over-borrowing .
Plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to `` know '' something : the notion in question must actually be true ; we must believe it -LRB- because if we do not believe something that is true , we can hardly claim that we know it -RRB- ; and , most subtly , it must be justifiable -- there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true .
Our predictions of twenty-first century extinctions jump an order of magnitude to 1,000 E\/MSY .
We have set the goal of growing at an average of 6 % annually , in order to attain , by 2018 , the per capita GDP now enjoyed by European countries such as Portugal and the Czech Republic .
European and developing-country governments urgently need to reverse their current adverse position on GM organisms in order to help ensure sustainable food security for all .
Thus , Russia sells high-technology weapons , including bombers , submarines , and perhaps an aircraft carrier , to China , which not only shares the world 's longest border with Russia , but also disputes parts of that border .
Who then will stop their advance towards Russia 's southern borders from Afghanistan and Central Asia ?
China 's territorial claims on Russia are often noted in Chinese grade school geography textbooks , which include a number of Russian Far Eastern regions within China 's borders .
According to Chinese theorists , the `` vital space '' of great powers extends far beyond a state 's borders , whereas the `` vital space '' of weak countries is limited to strategic boundaries that do not always correspond to the borders of their national territory .
Shenyang abuts the Russian Armed Forces ' Far Eastern District , and the Beijing district shares a border with Russia 's Siberian Military District .
No nation threatens China 's land borders .
China is militarily self-sufficient and needs military cooperation under the SCO framework only in order to free its hands if any conflict should arise that affects its interests .
Georgia Splits the Kremlin MOSCOW -- Dmitry Medvedev inherited the post of President of the Russian Federation from Vladimir Putin , and while Putin moved down the pecking order to become Prime Minister , speculation has abounded from the start of Medvedev 's presidency about an eventual split between Russia 's two highest leaders .
Another indirect indication of an ongoing struggle is the uncertain behavior of the Russian military in Georgia , which apparently is the result of contradictory orders from the Kremlin .
Russia 's military chiefs , for whom it is psychologically difficult to be ordered by politicians to abruptly end a large-scale and successful military operation , are their natural allies .
In order to justify their authoritarian rule and camouflage from the Russian public their massive theft of the country 's resources , the global kleptocrats have already convinced ordinary Russians that they are surrounded by ruthless enemies who are trying to dismember and destroy Russia .
`` In order to become a genuinely developed and modern country , '' Graham continues , `` in the coming decade Russia will need to invest at least one trillion dollars in modernizing its infrastructure .
Here is a recent sample of Kissinger 's geopolitical arts : `` The role of China in a new world order is crucial .
We Russians fought these wars in order to demonstrate to the Chechens that they , too , were citizens of Russia .
The former remains wedded to its phantom imperial illusions about a `` zone of privileged interests '' extending far beyond Russia 's borders , while the latter , starting with Kadyrov , rule as independent autocrats happy to accept handouts from the Russian state budget .
But importing well-designed laws from outside a country 's borders did n't begin with communism 's fall .
Even after Europe 's empires retreated , laws were still exported in order to foster development in post-colonial countries .
Countries that developed their formal legal order internally develop more effective legal institutions than those who rely - or were forced to rely - on legal transplants .
Countries that actively select legal norms from elsewhere , adapting them to local conditions , are on a par with countries that develop their legal order internally when it comes to the effectiveness of legal institutions .
So , should Europe embrace fiscal federalism in order to strengthen the eurozone and restore investor confidence ?
For the time being , they rather give the impression to have thrown sandbags in disorder in an attempt to stop a wave .
The IMF also reckons that the advanced countries must cut spending or increase taxes by nine percentage points of GDP on average over the current decade , in order to bring the public-debt ratio to 60 % of GDP by 2030 .
The relative price of the goods produced in the advanced countries -LRB- their real exchange rate -RRB- needs to depreciate vis-à-vis the emerging countries in order to compensate for the expected shortfall in internal demand .
The second problem is imposing discipline on national policies in order to preempt the temptation to export domestic inflation or unemployment .
Unfortunately , it also indicates how ambitious and challenging a task it is to reform the international monetary order .
Banks nowadays create products and IT platforms to serve their customers in all their countries of operation ; so separate prudential assessments of units in these cross-border groups , be they subsidiaries or branches , is hardly rational .
Nordea tried to get the deposit guarantee rules changed to create a level playing field in which a cross-border merger would not distort competition between banks .
EU member governments obviously want to minimize the risk of being called on to save a cross-border bank in trouble .
What role should central banks and national treasuries play in a cross-border European banking collapse ?
The problem is not that science and medicine wish to avoid finding cures ; it is that they are too strongly motivated by an irrational , unconscious need to cure death to be fully motivated by the lesser task of preventing and curing disease in order to delay their patients ' -- and their own -- inevitable ends .
Already eyeing a third term , he can count on political longevity on the order of Mahathir 's 22-year rule .
Thaksin 's yellow-clad royalist foes , the People 's Alliance for Democracy -LRB- PAD -RRB- , took to the streets against him again in 2008 , as the judiciary ordered the dissolution of his party for the second time .
Using the weapons of an anti-corruption drive and rising nationalism -LRB- the result of a periodically violent border dispute with Cambodia -RRB- , the royalist-conservative movement is implicitly pointing to an extra-constitutional solution to Thailand 's political standoff .
These are delicate issues , given Thailand 's raw and rabid polarization between those with vested interests in the old order and those intent on putting an end to what they claim are neo-feudalistic privileges and entitlements .
Villagers and merchants from both sides conducted a brisk business and border trade unfettered by the authorities .
The spate of armed clashes along the border this year stems from PAD provocations .
It unilaterally ruled out the presence of regional observers on the Thai-Cambodian border , a deal mediated by Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa in February .
Cambodia wants to multilateralize the border conflict as much as Thailand tries to limit it to bilateral negotiations .
Though the Thai-Cambodian border battles have involved tanks and heavy artillery , they are unlikely to degenerate into open , large-scale warfare .
Back then , Thai schoolchildren sang martial songs each morning , and Thais knew their place in the rigidly elitist pecking order , which was reinforced by socialization and indoctrination in classrooms and living rooms , where only state-controlled media could enter .
Yet it also can not reduce reform to a nullity in order to ingratiate itself with the masses .
Bolivia 's Indians have also used their eco-clout to convince the energy companies to bankroll their fight for a 750,000-acre homeland bordering Kempff .
Finally , the Bush administration must ratify the Kyoto Protocol , in order to allow both global firms and Bolivian community entrepreneurs to create yet more rainforest ranches and other creative initiatives that reduce poverty , harbor biodiversity , and cool a warming world .
Yet three days -- yes , days -- after his conviction , President Richard Nixon ordered that he be released from prison and allowed to serve his sentence in a comfortable two-bedroom house . There he lived with a female companion and a staff to assist him .
Calley always claimed that he was following orders .
Captain Ernest Medina , his commanding officer , ordered him to burn the village down and pollute its wells , but there is no clear evidence that the order included killing non-combatants -- and of course if such an order were issued , it should not have been obeyed . -LRB- Medina was acquitted of murder . -RRB-
But the fight against terror and its financing means that governments and financial institutions have extensive data on the cross-border flow of money , which should be used to help people send money to their relatives more easily .
But , in order to defeat the far right , Putin 's regime will be forced to take its stand on more or less liberal ideological grounds .
What liberals should do in these circumstances is obvious : support Putin 's regime insofar as it maintains the foundation and institutions of a liberal order .
As ultra-low interest rates in industrial countries send capital around the world searching for higher yields , a number of emerging-market central banks are intervening heavily , buying the foreign-capital inflows and re-exporting them in order to keep their currencies from appreciating .
President Barack Obama 's administration seems to think that the problem is one of demand , and has passed stimulus measure after stimulus measure , reducing taxes and increasing transfers and government spending in order to boost consumption and investment .
Indeed , in order to make such investments , democracies require either brave leadership or an electorate that understands the costs of postponing hard choices .
One is that they intervene directly in markets , both domestic and across borders , to reduce competition and volatility while they rebuild their buffering capacity .
In the eurozone , in addition to the perceived nexus between banks and governments , the governing elite 's willingness to embrace European integration , and taxpayer-financed cross-border financial support , without broad public consultation has generated a similar sentiment .
If such a situation were to occur , ownership of oil assets abroad would most likely become worthless , as each country would only get to use oil produced within its political borders -LRB- or within nearby borders that could be invaded -RRB- .
While progress towards this goal has been stymied by the mundane practicalities of restoring law and order , the coalition must eventually take it up .
Their objective was to create a military buffer between the PLO and Israeli forces that were then fighting in Beirut in order to promote the departure of both .
One option would be to pursue a policy of `` opacity plus '' : a further lifting of the veil over its nuclear arsenal in order to caution Iran 's rulers about the potential consequences of their actions .
When the US has confronted a `` negative watershed '' -- a lethal threat to the country -- it committed meaningful financial and human resources in order to address the risks .
He can radicalize the `` revolution , '' as he has done in earlier crises , or he can lay down the rules and conditions for the succession in order to prevent the prediction , attributed to the long-time Chávista Diosdado Cabello , from coming true : `` Without Chávez , there will be absolutely nothing left . ''
Top-ranking officers of the Bolivarian National Armed Forces have backed the latter scenario in order to show their unconditional respect for Chávez , their Commander-in-Chief .
In the middle of a religious healing rite , however , Hugo Chávez was more pacific -- and forgot about the PSUV altogether : `` Let us place ourselves in God 's hands in order to avoid violence in Venezuela . ''
Above all , those who lead us today must create a genuinely new global order in which all peoples take part -- with dignity and an assurance of fairness .
Of course , Timor Leste has been in something of a political limbo since last year , when clashes between rival factions in the security forces led to a brief breakdown of law and order .
That choice matters as an example across Asia , because Pakistan has long been the traditional sanctuary of Al Qaeda and its Taliban cohorts , who hide in the inhospitable Pakistani-Afghani border region .
The fallout from Bhutto 's assassination was bound to reach beyond Pakistan 's borders .
We will take the harshest of measures in order that all Filipino interests inside and outside the Philippines will be subject to destruction ... Our measures will include assassinating prominent figures , foremost among them the Filipino President -LRB- RAMOS -RRB- ... We also have the ability to use chemicals and poisonous gas against vital institutions , residential populations , and drinking water sources ...
Regional leaders must now develop their own strategy to transform Asia 's many challenges into opportunities , with Obama playing the role of `` good neighbor '' who expects other peoples to help themselves and put their own houses in order before turning to the US for assistance .
At this time of worldwide uncertainty , Asia-Pacific leaders must redouble their efforts to exploit their partnerships and strategic combinations in order to foster stability and growth .
STAR safeguards the flow of goods and people through measures that secure ships , aviation , and travelers -- thereby enhancing cross-border security , customs networking , and protection of corporate supply chains .
In order to meet this challenge , we are focusing on investments in infrastructure sectors such as power , telecommunications , roads , ports , and airports .
This is necessary in order to develop our internal market and economies , create new jobs , promote sustainable growth , and strengthen our competitiveness .
In order to accomplish this goal , we owe it to ourselves to create a strong , democratic , and transparent framework for co-operation in an enlarged Union .
In an era of globalized financial markets , when countries can find it hard to cope with rapid cross-border capital flows , there is no time for complacency .
Third , trade reforms can help smooth international macroeconomic fluctuations and contribute to an orderly resolution of global imbalances .
What , concretely , should be done in order to restart the negotiations ?
Strengthening IMF Surveillance In today 's globalized economy , one country 's economic and financial policies can reverberate far beyond its borders .
Nowadays , more and more problems are being redefined as `` disorders '' or `` illnesses , '' supposedly caused by genetic predispositions and biochemical imbalances .
Thus , feeling very sad has become `` depressive disorder . ''
Worrying too much is `` anxiety disorder . ''
Being painfully shy has become `` avoidant personality disorder . ''
Beating up people is `` intermittent explosive disorder . ''
Our Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders has 886 pages of such illnesses .
Being bad at math has become `` mathematics disorder . ''
Ignoring other people 's feelings -LRB- once called being naughty -RRB- means that the child is suffering from `` conduct disorder . ''
If this includes getting angry at grownups , he or she -LRB- usually he -RRB- has `` oppositional defiant disorder . ''
The pharmaceutical industry , fueled by our desire for quick fixes , has effectively deployed its considerable power to promulgate the notion of `` disorders '' and `` illnesses '' in all domains of our lives .
In these situations , the System-II decision maker has no tools to resort to in order to escape the sub-optimality -LRB- and social nastiness -RRB- of the rational decision .
So the lesson is that we must allow equity holders to lose money sometimes in order to maintain a healthy financial system .
Consider the transformation of American military behavior from the Vietnam era , when commanders spoke of destroying villages `` in order to save them , '' to its operations in Kosovo and Afghanistan , where military lawyers and even ICRC officials were consulted on what targets could be bombed .
Kouchner , the co-founder of the relief group Doctors Without Borders , who later split with the organization to found a second humanitarian organization , Doctors of the World , and who ran Kosovo as a United Nations protectorate after NATO 's war with Serbia in 1999 , is now 67 .
Where the Red Cross view , adopted by Kouchner 's former colleagues at Doctors Without Borders , insists that humanitarian action is a vital but limited activity that can be coherent and effective only if it understands its limitations , the Kouchner view is that humanitarian action can be a lever for changing the world .
In practical terms , whereas the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders believe in neutrality and remain skeptical of the motives of outside states that might intervene , Kouchner 's view is that humanitarian action should be understood as part of what the Canadian writer-politician Michael Ignatieff calls a `` revolution of concern . ''
The crisis consists in nothing less than an effort by the major drug cartels to tame and suborn the Mexican state , and not just in the strip along the United States border , though the epicenter of the crisis is there .
But , through a policy of terror extending from Oaxaca in the south , through Acapulco on the Pacific coast , and up to the great border cities of Tijuana and Juarez -LRB- Mexico 's sixth and seventh most populous cities , respectively -RRB- , they have made it abundantly clear that they are trying to achieve impunity .
Journalists with long experience of war zones report being more worried about their safety in Mexico border than when they were in Bosnia , Afghanistan , or Iraq , though much of the violence is internecine .
Indeed , the conventional wisdom in the US is that Mexico policy regarding illegal immigration and drugs will be the province of the new Homeland Security secretary , Janet Napolitano -LRB- herself a former border state governor -RRB- .
With the Chinese economy still growing at close to 10 % per year , the government can afford to take more short-term policy risk in order to clear the way for its structural agenda .
That issue frames the third major component of the new Plan 's pro-consumption agenda -- the need to build a social safety net in order to reduce fear-driven precautionary saving .
In the aftermath of the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990 's , China amassed some $ 3.2 trillion in foreign-exchange reserves in order to insulate its system from external shocks .
In order to maintain a tight relationship between the renminbi and the dollar , China had to recycle a disproportionate share of its foreign-exchange reserves into dollar-based assets .
Both the Palestinians and the Israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead : For the Palestinians , the anger about individual events -- the civilian casualties , injuries and destruction in Gaza following from military attacks , the blockade , the continued construction of the Wall outside of the 1967 borders -- feed into an underlying anger about the continuing Israeli occupation , its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination .
Balancing cuts in public spending in order not to endanger growth and employment requires a stable and smart government -- and time . The UK and Germany are , with their excessive restrictions , are preparing the ground for recessions at home .
`` Let 's make the poor pay '' is his fiscal order of the day .
We must take full account of predicates , conditionals , and contingencies in order to specify more completely which countries should adopt what policies .
This requires moving away from the broad governance agenda and focusing on reforms of specific institutions in order to target binding constraints on growth .
So he or she might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling , and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy -- setting up fiscal rules , for example , or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals .
Rather than comprehensive reform , it emphasizes policy experimentation and relatively narrowly targeted initiatives in order to discover local solutions , and it calls for monitoring and evaluation in order to learn which experiments work .
But , as Spence puts it with regard to economic reform itself , you need to take small steps in order to make a big difference in the long run .
To make matters even worse , emerging markets are deprived of the one tool that the advanced countries have employed in order to stem their own financial panics : domestic fiscal resources or domestic liquidity .
It ardently championed global fiscal stimulus on the order of 2 % of world GNP -- a position that is all the more remarkable in view of its traditional conservatism on all fiscal matters .
Financial regulation and supervision will surely be strengthened , but they will remain national in character , with little safeguard against cross-border spillover and regulatory arbitrage .
History teaches that global economic order is difficult to establish and maintain in the absence of a dominant economic power .
Consider , for example , a tax of 0.25 % applied to all cross-border financial transactions .
CAMBRIDGE -- Thirty years ago , China had a tiny footprint on the global economy and little influence outside its borders , save for a few countries with which it had close political and military relationships .
In a fascinating new book , revealingly titled When China Rules the World , the British scholar and journalist Martin Jacques is unequivocal : if you think China will be integrated smoothly into a liberal , capitalist , and democratic world system , Jacques argues , you are in for a big surprise . Not only is China the next economic superpower , but the world order that it will construct will look very different from what we have had under American leadership .
A world order centered on China will reflect Chinese values rather than Western ones , Jacques argues .
The good news is that a Chinese global order will display greater respect for national sovereignty and more tolerance for national diversity .
Naturally , regulatory diversity would require cross-border financial controls to ensure that banks do not evade national regulations by operating from foreign jurisdictions .
Regulatory diversity is indeed costly for bankers , who would have to adjust to differences in regulations across national borders .
The IMF 's policy note makes clear that controls on cross-border financial flows can be not only desirable , but also effective .
CAMBRIDGE -- The $ 140 billion support package that the Greek government has finally received from its European Union partners and the International Monetary Fund gives it the breathing space needed to undertake the difficult job of putting its finances in order .
Nor , given linguistic and cultural barriers , can unemployed Greeks move just as easily across the border to a more prosperous European state .
The ECB has lowered the threshold of creditworthiness that Greek government securities must meet in order to allow continued Greek borrowing .
Authoritarian leaders like Putin understand this , but apparently they see it as price worth paying in order to exercise unbridled power at home .
The eurozone was too integrated for cross-border spillovers not to cause mayhem in national economies , but not integrated enough to have the institutional capacity needed to manage the crisis .
Similarly , in case of bankruptcy , federal laws and courts readily adjudicate claims among creditors , and do so without regard to state borders .
All the real work in corporations is done by skilled immigrants ; Ivy League colleges have adopted the names of their Asian counterparts in order to survive ; the economy is beholden to China 's central bank ; and `` yuan-pegged US dollars '' have replaced regular currency as the safe asset of choice .
Free trade and the gold standard had required downplaying domestic priorities such as social reform , nation-building , and cultural reassertion . Economic crisis and the failure of international cooperation undermined not only globalization , but also the elites that upheld the existing order .
Economically , the least bad option is to ensure that the inevitable defaults and departures from the eurozone are carried out in as orderly and coordinated a fashion as possible .
Just as healthy domestic economies are the best guarantor of an open world economy , healthy domestic polities are the best guarantor of a stable international order .
CAMBRIDGE -- If capitalism 's border is with socialism , we know why the world properly sees the United States as strongly capitalist .
In Europe , the outgoing head of the European Central Bank recommends more centralized fiscal authority in Europe in order to deal with likely defaults by one or more of Greece , Portugal , and Spain .
Although the IMF has changed a lot in recent years , there is no denying that there are still major holes in the international system -- not least the lack of a fair and orderly procedure for dealing with highly indebted countries that become insolvent .
By following through on plans to build a 2,000-mile wall across its southern border .
Over the long run , commodity exporters need to innovate just as much as manufacturers do in order to maintain profitability .
In order for the US economy to run deficits with the world , other countries must be willing to spin off a counterbalancing supply of savings .
The US economy is in trouble , and the problems it spins off are unlikely to stop at the US border .
I was reminded of the challenge recently when a Chinese researcher explained that men in China today feel compelled to save in order to find a bride .
Such changes put pressure on universal banks to abandon riskier investment-bank activities in order to operate more freely .
Government spending in the US has risen in short order from 18 % to 28 % of income , while the US Federal Reserve has effectively tripled its balance sheet .
On the contrary , the US is continuing to thwart European efforts gradually to establish a rule-based international order .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , as one of his first initiatives , proposed a ban on `` golden parachutes '' for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange , in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders .
In Germany , the Federal Constitutional Court has ordered parliamentarians to reveal their outside income -- often from lobbying activities on behalf of big business -- on the Internet .
Chávez now faces a new electoral reality , one first established in December 2007 when he lost the advisory referendum he had called in order to secure a new Constitution .
Of course , exemplary and punitive damages in order to discourage conduct inimical to society do exist in the statute books .
Whether the doctrine 's authors really believe that NATO poses a threat to Russia is not clear , as the country has not had such peaceable neighbors on its Western borders for more than 300 years .
The tasks confronting NATO require redefining the essence of transatlantic relations in order to answer some fundamental questions .
But it must rise further , to 8 % , in order to reduce the high leverage of household sector .
Indeed , rating-agency downgrades , a widening of sovereign spreads , and failed public-debt auctions in countries like the United Kingdom , Greece , Ireland , and Spain provided a stark reminder last year that unless advanced economies begin to put their fiscal houses in order , investors , bond-market vigilantes , and rating agencies may turn from friend to foe .
So the question is whether these euro-zone members will be willing to undergo painful fiscal consolidation and internal real depreciation through deflation and structural reforms in order to increase productivity growth and prevent an Argentine-style outcome : exit from the monetary union , devaluation , and default .
But if the US does use the inflation tax as a way to reduce the real value of its public debt , the risk of a disorderly collapse of the US dollar would rise significantly .
A disorderly rush to the exit could lead to a dollar collapse , a spike in long-term interest rates , and a severe double dip recession .
For the next installment of the recent global financial crisis will be rising sovereign risk , especially in advanced economies that run massive budget deficits and accumulate large stocks of public debt as they socialize private financial losses in order to revive economic growth .
At the same time , if Greece does not fully adjust its policies to restore fiscal sustainability and competitiveness , a partial bailout by the EU and the ECB will still be likely in order to avoid the risk of contagion to the rest of the euro zone and the consequent threat to the monetary union 's survival .
And , in order for the euro to fall far enough , the risk of default in Greece would need to be so large , and the contagion to sovereign spreads of PIIGS so severe that the widening of those spreads would cause a double-dip eurozone recession before currency depreciation could yield benefits .
Greece is currently too interconnected to be allowed to collapse : since it has about $ 400 billion of public debt -- three-quarters of which is held abroad , mostly by European financial institutions -- a disorderly default would lead to massive losses and risk a systemic crisis .
Indeed , a practical definition of a financial crisis is an event that forces policy officials to spend a long weekend trying desperately to announce a new bailout package in order to avoid national and global panic before the markets open on Monday .
Finally , the International Monetary Fund , the European Union , and other multilateral institutions should provide generous lender-of-last-resort support in order to prevent a severe deflationary recession in countries that need private and public deleveraging .
Countries that can still afford fiscal stimulus and need to reduce their savings and increase spending should contribute to the global current-account adjustment -- via currency adjustments and expenditure increases -- in order to prevent a global shortage of aggregate demand .
Indeed , the latest data from Germany -- declining exports , falling factory orders , anemic industrial-production growth , and a slide in investors ' confidence -- suggest that the slowdown has started .
Unfortunately , stimulus spending and the related bailout of the financial system , together with the recession 's effect on revenues , contributed to fiscal deficits on the order of 10 % of GDP in most advanced economies .
The European Central Bank should ease monetary policy in order to weaken the value of the euro and bootstrap the periphery 's growth .
And Germany should cut taxes temporarily -- rather than raising taxes , as planned -- in order to increase disposable income and stimulate German demand for the periphery 's goods and services .
As a result , the risks of debt deflation and eventual disorderly sovereign and private-sector defaults are rising .
There are three possible scenarios : `` muddle through , '' based on the current approach of `` lend and pray '' ; `` break-up , '' with disorderly debt restructurings and possible exit of weaker members ; and `` greater integration , '' implying some form of fiscal union .
Indeed , it could lead to the disorderly breakup scenario if institutional reforms and other policies leading to closer integration and restoration of growth in the eurozone 's periphery are not implemented soon .
Because nervous investors do n't want to be last in line in case of a run , a disorderly rush to the exits is likely when official resources are insufficient .
If orderly treatment of unsecured senior creditors requires a new cross-border regime to close down insolvent European banks , such a regime should be implemented without delay .
Thus , in addition to an orderly resolution regime for banks , Europe must also implement early orderly restructurings of distressed sovereigns ' public debt .
Thus , orderly market-based restructurings via exchange offers need to occur in 2011 .
Waiting to restructure unsustainable debts would only lead to disorderly workouts and severe haircuts for some private creditors .
Either the EU moves in the direction of a more stable equilibrium of closer integration , or the risk of an unstable and disorderly breakup scenario will rise significantly .
This is forcing deficit countries into real exchange-rate adjustments via deflation -- and thus a rising burden of public and private debt that may lead to disorderly defaults .
One can carry out an orderly rescheduling of the PIIGS ' public debts without actually reducing the principal amount owed . This means extending the maturity dates of debts and reducing the interest rate on the new debt to levels much lower than currently unsustainable market rates .
Global risk-aversion has also increased , as the option of further `` extend and pretend '' or `` delay and pray '' on Greece is becoming less desirable , and the specter of a disorderly workout is becoming more likely .
All of these economies were already growing anemically and below trend , as the ongoing process of deleveraging required a slowdown of public and private spending in order to increase saving rates and reduce debts .
This lack of policy bullets is reflected in most advanced economies ' embrace of some form of austerity , in order to avoid a fiscal train wreck down the line .
So the only realistic and sensible solution is an orderly and market-oriented -- but coercive -- restructuring of the entire Greek public debt .
The answer is to emulate the response to sovereign-debt crises in Uruguay , Pakistan , Ukraine , and many other emerging-market economies , where orderly exchange of old debt for new debt had three features : an identical face value -LRB- so-called `` par '' bonds -RRB- ; a long maturity -LRB- 20-30 years -RRB- ; and interest set well below the currently unsustainable market rates -- and close to or below the original coupon .
Either the eurozone moves toward a different equilibrium -- greater economic , fiscal , and political integration , with policies that restore growth and competitiveness , including orderly debt restructurings and a weaker euro -- or it will end up with disorderly defaults , banking crises , and eventually a break-up of the monetary union .
A financial and economic crisis caused by too much private-sector debt and leverage led to a massive re-leveraging of the public sector in order to prevent Great Depression 2.0 .
Then , unless the EFSF pot were tripled -- a move that Germany would resist -- the only option left would become an orderly but coercive restructuring of Italian and Spanish debt , as has happened in Greece .
Fifth , debt burdens that can not be eased by growth , savings , or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring , debt reduction , and conversion of debt into equity . This needs to be carried out for insolvent governments , households , and financial institutions alike .
The balance-sheet effects on euro debts caused by the depreciation of the new national currency would thus have to be handled through an orderly and negotiated conversion of euro liabilities into the new national currencies .
And countries , like China , that rely excessively on net exports for growth should accelerate reforms , including more rapid currency appreciation , in order to boost domestic demand and consumption .
The risks ahead are not just of a mild double-dip recession , but of a severe contraction that could turn into Great Depression II , especially if the eurozone crisis becomes disorderly and leads to a global financial meltdown .
Wrong-headed policies during the first Great Depression led to trade and currency wars , disorderly debt defaults , deflation , rising income and wealth inequality , poverty , desperation , and social and political instability that eventually led to the rise of authoritarian regimes and World War II .
Of course , such a disorderly eurozone break-up would be as severe a shock as the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , if not worse .
Unless the eurozone moves toward greater economic , fiscal , and political integration -LRB- on a path consistent with short-term restoration of growth , competitiveness , and debt sustainability , which are needed to resolve unsustainable debt and reduce chronic fiscal and external deficits -RRB- , recessionary deflation will certainly lead to a disorderly break-up .
? public provision of credit to the solvent parts of the corporate sector in order to avoid a short-term debt refinancing crisis for solvent but illiquid corporations and small businesses ;
? an agreement between creditor countries running current-account surpluses and debtor countries running current-account deficits to maintain an orderly financing of deficits and a recycling of creditors ' surpluses to avoid disorderly adjustment of such imbalances .
As traditional monetary policy becomes ineffective , other unorthodox policies will continue to be used : policies to bail out investors , financial institutions , and borrowers ; massive provision of liquidity to banks in order to ease the credit crunch ; and even more radical actions to reduce long-term interest rates on government bonds and narrow the spread between market rates and government bonds .
To meet this goal , some changes would be in order .
Del Ponte is pressing Serbia 's government to cooperate in the still unresolved cases of Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic , who ordered , implemented , and oversaw the massacre of 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica in 1995 .
The ICTY 's first chief prosecutor , Richard Goldstone , called for condemnation of ethnic persecution in order to enable all sides to transcend identity politics and move towards a more liberal political order .
But fostering ethnic reconciliation is a tall order for any court , and the ICTY has n't yet delivered .
A liberal political order implies a rule of law that recognizes precedents and analogical thinking .
Nor did the Court 's decision address the borders of an independent Kosovo , or whether and under what circumstances force could legally be used either to impose independence or to resist it .
Making the police and the security services accountable can be a particularly tall order in the early years of a new and often fragile democratic regime .
Senior American officials , including Paul Wolfowitz , later President of the World Bank , argued that the Iraqi people should not be saddled with obligations that the dictator contracted in order to enrich himself and oppress his subjects .
By making use of all of its assets , Turkey is contributing to regional stability and peace and working towards a global order based on justice , equality , and transparency .
While globalization offers new opportunities , it also causes new global problems and deepens the inequalities embedded in the world order .
It is no longer possible to sustain the current world order , which , based as it is on a skewed notion of center-periphery relations , merely produces injustice and inequality .
Today , Turkey is following a policy that represents a sense of justice in the Middle East , and is working toward the removal of artificial borders and walls among the region 's peoples .
Turkey will continue to work toward a just and equitable global order in 2011 and beyond . This is a responsibility emanating from our history , geography , and the universal values that we hold .
Combined with the long-completed security fence around the Gaza Strip and one being built near Israel 's border with the West Bank , pulling out of the most exposed positions is intended to reduce casualties and the number of clashes with the Palestinians .
While demanding an Israeli withdrawal for years , the Palestinian leadership opposes Sharon 's plan , arguing it is intended to create permanent borders .
The first is to keep Hezbollah away from the border .
But even if international institutions or Lebanon do nothing , Israel will attack any Hizballah forces trying to get close enough to cross the border or fire rockets at Israeli civilians .
Logically , Fatah should now embrace moderation , crack down on cross-border terrorism , and seek some kind of peace with Israel .
Israel will feel free to retaliate for cross-border attacks and continuing rocket fire at civilian targets within the country .
Arafat not only left no successor , but no order .
Indeed , Shi'a Muslim clerics ordered their people -- including women -- to vote , warning that to stay home on Election Day was a sin .
Reformers insist that the vast majority of people support moderate solutions , or at least that radical Islamist groups would have to become pragmatic in order to compete for power and govern .
From a security standpoint , the occupied territories constituted critical terrain for defending Israel against an attack on its borders by Arab states ' armies .
Ironically , Susan Mubarak , says the report , urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted Egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds -- a provision used by some opposition groups -- in order to provide channels for the NGO 's she runs .
Pakistan does not have border agreements with either India , with whom it disputes the incorporation of Kashmir , or Afghanistan , which has never explicitly recognized the Durand Line , the frontier between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
They know that communications transcend borders , and that a single news story , handled skillfully , can be as damaging to our cause -- and as helpful to theirs -- as any military attack .
Call this capital - `` c '' Conservatism -- a philosophy long understood to imply nationalism and vigorous defense of the established and entrenched legal and social order .
Second , and simultaneously , donors should help impoverished countries to invest in roads , ports , rural electricity , and diversified production -LRB- both agricultural and non-agricultural -RRB- , in order to promote higher productivity and alternative livelihoods in the longer term .
Consider the recent threats to cut Ethiopia 's aid , which is on the order of $ 15 per Ethiopian per year -- much of it actually paid to US and European consultants .
In other words , quibbling over details should come after both sides agree on the principle of respect for the pre-1967 borders , which are recognized by key countries throughout the region and around the world , and are enshrined in numerous UN resolutions .
Compromise based on the pre-1967 borders is the way to peace .
Until Israel agrees to return to the 1967 borders with minor modifications , and to end its political control over millions of West Bank Arabs , unrest will continue .
Israel will not be able to avoid territorial withdrawals to the 1967 borders by exercising its military might ; the US will not be able to ensure oil security through continued military occupation in the Middle East ; and terrorists will not be able to destroy Israel or foist their fundamentalist ideas by force on moderate societies .
Israel 's neighbors will make peace on the basis of fair borders and fair play .
In 2000 , the member governments agreed on the Millennium Development Goals . And in 2002 , they agreed on the Monterrey Consensus , pledging concrete efforts to triple aid flows to the poorest in order to reach the international goal for foreign assistance of 0.7 % of rich-world GNP .
These investments could be increased systematically during the period from now until 2015 , in order to enable these countries to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
In response , Israel sealed Gaza 's borders , making life even more unbearable in a place wracked by violence , poverty , and despair .
For 40 years , since the Six-Day War of 1967 , there has been one realistic possibility for peace : Israel 's return to its pre-1967 borders , combined with viable economic conditions for a Palestinian state , including access to trade routes , water supplies , and other essential needs .
With small and mutually acceptable adjustments to those borders , these terms would enable peaceful co-existence of two states side by side .
For the past ten years , the greatest practical barrier to peace has been Israel 's failure to carry out any true withdrawal to its 1967 borders , owing to the political weight of hundreds of thousands of settlers in the West Bank and the religious and secular communities that support them .
Then , after Hamas won , the US and Israel immediately orchestrated a cutoff of finances to the newly elected government , including even Israel 's transfer of Palestine 's own customs revenues , which Israel collects as the occupying authority in control of the borders .
Although Israel formally withdrew from Gaza , its complete control over the borders , infrastructure , transport , and taxation , together with its regular military incursions in response to shelling from Gaza and its killings and capture of senior Hamas officials , left Palestinians there desperate .
An astounding half-million young woman have recently been hired as health workers to link impoverished households and public clinics and hospitals , which are being improved , and to increase women 's access to emergency obstetrical care in order to avoid tragic and unnecessary deaths in childbirth .
First , we must stabilize greenhouse gases in order to avoid dangerous human interference in the climate system -- the key goal of the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , the global treaty under which the Bali negotiations took place .
Kibaki 's opponents took to the streets , the government issued shoot-to-kill orders , and hundreds have died at the hands of the police as well as from gang rampages and inter-ethnic violence .
The smartest move would be to agree that each country tax its CO2 emissions in order to reduce climate change , and then devote a fixed amount of the proceeds to global problem solving .
Third , the US recovery will not be credible unless there is also a strategy for getting the government 's own finances back in order .
By pooling financial resources into a single-donor FCM , aid programs ' administrative costs could be kept low , the availability of aid flows could be assured , and poor countries would not have to negotiate 25 times in order to receive help .
Japan , with a surplus of saving , a strong currency , massive foreign exchange reserves , and factories without domestic orders , should take the lead in providing this funding for infrastructure .
Suppose that the government gives a tax cut in order to increase consumers ' take-home pay .
The US will have to raise taxes in order to pay for new spending initiatives , especially in the areas of sustainable energy , climate change , education , and relief for the poor .
The key challenge is to support these five sectors in order to combine short-term relief with long-term reconstruction and development .
During their long campaign , they have greatly exaggerated scientific disagreements in order to stop action on climate change , with special interests like Exxon Mobil footing the bill .
They claimed that scientists were fabricating evidence in order to obtain government research grants -- a ludicrous accusation , I thought at the time , given that the scientists under attack have devoted their lives to finding the truth , and have certainly not become rich relative to their peers in finance and business .
Great scientific minds have learned over the course of many decades to `` read '' the Earth 's history , in order to understand how the climate system works .
They have deployed brilliant physics , biology , and instrumentation -LRB- such as satellites reading detailed features of the Earth 's systems -RRB- in order to advance our understanding .
First , in an `` accountability report '' issued before the summit , the G-8 stated the 2005 commitments in current dollars rather than in inflation-adjusted dollars , in order to minimize the size of the reported shortfall .
There are several reasons for this , and we should understand them in order to break today 's deadlock .
The US should cut its budget deficit , increase its saving rate , and generally get its own house in order .
The US has been pushing China , Germany , Japan , and others to raise consumption in order to boost demand .
Rather than pushing their households to consume more , the G-20 should work harder to channel these savings to the poorest countries in order to finance urgently needed investments in infrastructure .
Their leaders in Congress are already declaring that they will slash public spending in order to begin reducing the deficit .
While the private sector must create most of the jobs , the public sector must create the underlying conditions for high productivity . That is a tall order .
The speech drew the most attention for calling on Israel to return to its 1967 borders , but the effect was undercut when Israel flatly rejected the US position .
Every day brings news of more deaths and massive inflows of starving people into refugee camps in Kenya , across the border from Somalia .
Somalia , for example , contains only a part of the Somali-speaking pastoralist population , with large numbers living across the border in Kenya and Ethiopia .
As a result , the Ethiopian-Somalia border has been war-torn for decades .
How can our economic life be re-ordered to recreate a sense of community , trust , and environmental sustainability ?
Climate change , infectious diseases , terrorism , and other ills that can easily cross borders demand a similar global response .
These countries agreed to reduce their emissions of greenhouse gases in order to slow the process of global warming .
But in an interconnected world , is n't it possible for the international community to do more to restrain tyrants in order to ensure a more stable global environment ?
This is plausible , since neighbors are the biggest direct losers when instability spills across borders .
Consumers who own stocks feel richer , so they buy more . These same consumers borrow money on the basis of their stock market wealth , in order to buy new homes , cars , and other expensive items .
The increased costs could further depress the drop of cross-border capital flows that has been underway for two years , since the end of the US stock market boom .
The decline in cross-border flows intensified after the September 11 attacks last year .
America will soon try to appoint an Iraqi regime that will aim to cancel many of Saddam 's oil contracts with France , Russia , and China , in order to make room for US and UK firms . But this will be harder to accomplish than simply sending in the US army .
For them , Israel 's pre-1967 borders , the entire city of Jerusalem , and the West Bank of the Jordan River is land given to the Jewish people by God .
Large majorities on both sides -- perhaps two-thirds or even three-fourths of each population -- would accept a return by Israel to something like its pre-1967 borders in exchange for real peace .
If Israel returns to its pre-1967 borders , only to find continuing hostility and terrorism among the Palestinians , Israel will have gravely weakened its security for nothing .
The Roadmap to Peace can work only if both sides are pressed to a real compromise , whose outline is clear : Israel 's return to something like its pre-1967 borders ; financial compensation of Palestinians for losses of land in Israel , rather than a right to return ; and Jerusalem as a shared capital .
Fear leads one group to coalesce in order to protect itself , perhaps by attacking a competing group .
In order to thrive , and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth , an economy requires functioning health and education systems , investments in soil nutrients and water management , and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport .
So investors are telling companies to report their carbon emissions today in order to assess future liabilities .
Once the Shah left , the radical minority that was willing to fight and die for its cause devoured the `` moderate majority , '' establishing Islamist rule in short order .
Sustained strikes by these groups would bring the country 's economy to a halt . This is a tall order , however , given that Iran 's labor groups , while deeply discontented , are just as amorphous as the Green Movement itself .
Both the ICD classification of mental disorders , and its American counterpart , the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM -RRB- efforts have taken pains to make diagnostic classification accountable as examples of public policy .
The Politics of Psychiatry Worldwide , annual investments in scientific research to cure devastating mental pathologies such as bipolar disorder , schizophrenia , and clinical depression are huge -- comparable to spending on finding a cure for any other disease .
The reasons for this stem from the nature of mental disorders themselves .
A person in the manic phase of bipolar disorder has , in addition to serious , even life-threatening lapses in judgment , an extraordinary sense of well-being that the mentally well rarely , if ever , experience .
The individual with obsessive-compulsive disorder both dreads and is ashamed by irrational obsessions and compulsions , yet finds engaging in these thoughts and actions irresistible .
Because of this `` self-illness '' ambiguity , mental disorders are linked with personal values , belief systems , and interests in ways that are distinct from physical diseases .
Physical symptoms are almost never positively valued , but some symptoms of mental disorders typically are .
Societies also often provide ways to encourage , even compel , a mentally ill person into treatment , while recognizing that , because psychiatry can potentially invade and overwhelm personal beliefs and values , mental health practices must be regulated in order to preserve civil liberties .
As science unravels many of the puzzles concerning mental disorder , it may become tempting to argue that these problems with politics and diverse values will evaporate .
Both Lebanon and Iraq comprise ancient communities living within the borders of states outlined in the 20th century .
In the executive branch , the council of ministers is balanced among Christians and Muslims in order to encourage , indeed force , cooperation and to avoid the risk of domination the fear of oppression by one group .
· Second , electoral districts should be multi-member districts and should , as far as is possible , include populations of more than one community in order to encourage cross-communal politics and the election of moderate politicians that can speak to all communities and that know how to resolve tensions among them .
Those who foresee war argue that Israel is unwilling to tolerate a heavily armed Iranian proxy on its border while tensions with Iran over the nuclear issue remain unresolved .
Alternatively , Israel might launch a pre-emptive war against Hezbollah in order to rob Iran of a nearby retaliatory capacity .
In the end game of such a war , Syria might be asked by the Arab countries and the international community to take greater responsibility in Lebanon , in order to contain Hezbollah and its military profile .
Many investigations have been ordered into the current corruption scandals .
Strengthened by promises of support from the US and China , Pakistan 's military commanders ordered pre-emptive air strikes against India on December 3 , 1971 .
Sharing a mountainous - and porous - border with Afghanistan , this region includes many Taliban sympathizers among their fellow Pashtuns .
Concrete provisions must be included in the new treaty to reform the EU 's institutions in order to ensure the capacity to negotiate an energy security framework with third countries .
The EU should also negotiate a framework document in the context of the next Partnership and Cooperation Agreement negotiations in order to clarify the obligations contained in the Treaty , in particular its Transit Protocol .
Because a market in tradable liquefied natural gas -LRB- LNG -RRB- is emerging -- flows to Europe have more than doubled over the past decade and represent about one-quarter of the world 's total cross-border gas trade -- Europe will need to invest heavily in new LNG terminals as another alternative to Russian gas .
Liberia 's progress has significance well beyond its immediate borders and those of its neighbors in West Africa .
Liberia obtained its debt write-off by initiating profound changes in its governance and economic management in order to provide the institutional capability to manage debt prudently and spend resources wisely in the future .
We will increase the number of Provincial Reconstruction Teams in order to support the expansion of the central government 's authority and facilitate development and reconstruction .
NATO and its members are already providing the essential security Afghanistan needs in order to make its aspirations for self-sustaining peace and prosperity a reality .
For the last two decades , Chinese leaders have been diligently trying to build a new edifice in order to gain some of that missing respect .
Bankers without Borders
But , as a new report by Deutsche Bank Research shows , banks ' cross-border business -- direct or via branches or subsidiaries -- has now broadly stabilized .
The deep cross-border links between financial institutions and the activity of globally active investment banks only took a brief hit from the crisis .
But , without a broadly consistent approach , the authorities risk creating a legal patchwork that would make cross-border banking less efficient , more expensive , and more difficult to conduct .
Nonetheless , given the relatively favorable outlook for cross-border banking , Western banks ' presence in emerging markets could strengthen further , while banks domiciled in these regions might start looking beyond national borders .
During the fighting in Gaza , he publicly demanded a halt to the warfare and requested that Israel open Gaza 's borders to relief aid .
In order to realize the full potential of the common market , the EU must adapt its economic governance to the challenges of globalization -- research , technological development , and knowledge must be at the heart of the European economy , particularly given Europe 's efforts to be at the forefront of combating climate change .
It also needs to speak with one voice on matters of foreign policy in order to play a more important international role in solving major conflicts and shaping a more peaceful and balanced world order .
Twenty years ago , the Berlin Wall came down , triggering a seismic shift that moved the borders of the old Federal Republic and of Western Europe as a whole , hundreds of miles to the east .
They are serving their sentence in Chita on the Chinese border , although Russian law prescribes that , for the crimes with which they were charged , they were entitled to be imprisoned near their place of domicile , i.e. , in Moscow .
To understand why , it is important to know what else was going on inside Iraq in 2007 , when President George W. Bush ordered the `` surge '' of 20,000 additional troops and General David H. Petraeus shifted US forces to a more aggressive strategy .
The multiple insurgencies that developed in Iraq in 2003 and 2004 were supported at least in part by money , materiel , and fighters from abroad . Suicide bombers from all over the Arab world crossed into the country through the porous Syrian and Jordanian borders .
Regional governments may not have openly supported the insurgents , but they clearly avoided cracking down on the jihadist groups operating within their borders .
Frightened governments in the region realized that the type of violence occurring almost daily in Iraq was starting to spill across the country 's borders .
Both the transformation of Baghdad into a Shiite city and the recognition and support of Iraq 's neighbors for the country 's new political order have been instrumental in stabilizing the country . These changes are likely to be permanent , and offer hope that the wide-scale violence that afflicted the country between 2003 and 2007 will not return after US forces depart .
The developing countries , therefore , have an interest in calling for multilateral dialogue on investment conditions in order to obtain certain collective guarantees .
Global , because the array of services that natural ecosystems provide , such as clean air and fresh water , benefit people far beyond national borders .
As most of today 's financial , environmental , or sanitary crises are unpredictable and ignore borders , it is in everyone 's interest to create a global `` social safety net '' that will span an indefinite period of time .
Defenders of the Bush doctrine claim that this is impossible when they operate out of failed states that can not police their borders .
Mao also ordered the country to destroy the `` Four Olds '' : old ideas , old culture , old customs , and old habits .
China deserves better ; it requires better in order to reclaim the glory that was China .
Chen can remain in office until his term ends in 2008 , or he could resign now in order to let his vice president and pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- rebuild to win the next election .
Chen 's popularity among his party followers , whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism , changed him from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being his by right .
Unwisely , Chen went out of his way to shut out mainland Chinese capital and to retain barriers to other foreign investors in order to protect the domestic businesses of his political allies .
He ordered the Education Ministry to revise school textbooks to promote the idea that the Taiwanese people were fundamentally different , practically a different race from the Chinese .
Just as we obey our leaders ' orders to fight and die because we trust their judgment , we entrust our careers and our money to those who run Citigroup and Goldman Sachs and other such banks , because we believe their leaders will be fair to their employees and clients , and honorable in their business practices .
Once sacrosanct accounting principles have been amended at Wall Street 's behest in order to allow banks to report essentially whatever they want .
Yet the wall and the second phase of the roadmap , which calls for a Palestinian state with provisional borders , can not co-exist .
Initially aimed at creating a security fence along the green line , the 1967 borders of Israel , it has gradually stretched across that would-be boundary , confiscating Palestinian land and amounting to a de facto annexation of a large part of the West Bank .
This is because the second phase , which still has to be achieved , calls for a Palestinian state with contiguous but provisional borders .
Permanent status negotiations , dealing with all the major issues of the conflict -- including refugees , Jerusalem , settlement , security , water , and , of course , the permanent borders of the Palestinian state -- are scheduled to be completed by the end of 2005 , while Ariel Sharon is still slated to be Prime Minister .
People used to feel insulated from economic problems that occurred beyond their country 's borders .
But if owners of oil reserves think that prices will fall in the long run , they gain an incentive to explore for oil and expand production now in order to sell as much oil as possible before the fall .
More generally , they must examine employee ownership programs both sympathetically and analytically , in order to suggest ways to hedge the risks they create .
Similarly , humans tend to accept large downside risks in order to avoid small certain losses , such as insurance premiums .
If there were no longevity risk -- that is , if the probability of dying at each age in the future were reliably known -- then pension funds could easily offer life annuities to large numbers of people by investing their assets in bonds of various maturities in order to pay out just the right amount each year .
It took the courage -- or recklessness , depending on your point of view -- of US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker to send the world into recession in 1981-2 in order to break the back of inflation .
This is a real beginning , and we should encourage such contracts to grow in order to help billions of people hedge their inflation and deflation risks .
As Pedro Aspe , a much-admired former finance minister , emphasized to me , NAFTA did give a sudden boost to Mexico 's economy at the outset . Labor productivity soared , as Mexicans were forced to adapt to the rules of the US economy in order to compete .
As inequality deepens , many who fall behind struggle to save face , consuming in order to maintain the appearance of success .
People still remember the Cultural Revolution and view themselves as survivors of a shared traumatic experience , underpinning a commitment to collective sacrifice in order to rebuild the country .
He tried to make a profit in microfinance in order to prove these neglected people 's creditworthiness , so that he could continue lending to them .
Should we halt financial liberalization and innovation in order to prevent crises like the sub-prime disaster from recurring ?
Including such statements in the disclosure is analogous to the requirement that food labels contain a full list of nutritional factors per serving , rather than merely a featured list that the producer might try to add in order to promote the product .
So accepting the essential randomness of life is terribly difficult , and contradicts our deep psychological need for order and accountability .
In 1969 , the Chinese and Soviet armies exchanged fire across their disputed border .
As a general principle of foreign policy , China believes that national borders are sacrosanct .
Instead of confronting a -LRB- usually hostile -RRB- Russian\/Soviet empire on its border , a vast swath of buffer states appeared after 1991 .
But it hardly wishes to colonize the frozen wastes of Siberia . In fact , Siberia is not much different from China 's own almost empty mountain\/desert borderlands , where even agriculture is a daunting task .
Thus , the settling of the border dispute with Russia was not aimed so much at building a geopolitical marriage as securing each other 's rear , offering both sides a free hand to explore opportunities elsewhere .
With its long borders with Russia , China knows it would have much to regret if a new , oil-fired Russian empire appeared on its doorstep .
Fear of `` Talibanization '' of the Caucasus prompted the Kremlin 's recent announcement that Russian Muslims should be protected from extremist propaganda from abroad , and that Russian Muslim education and spiritual life should be controlled in order to direct them away from extremism .
None of this is easy , but South Africa must now act decisively in order to polish its tarnished image as a responsible regional power . `` Business as usual '' is no longer a viable approach for South African foreign policy .
In the 1990 's , we in the development community made a serious and costly blunder by pressuring national governments in developing countries to impose school fees in order to help achieve balanced budgets .
The US remains the world 's most powerful state , however , and the senators ' decision will inevitably have an impact beyond their country 's borders .
While we in Poland do not perceive an immediate military threat from Russia , most of the world 's active tactical or sub-strategic nuclear weapons today seem to be deployed just east of Poland 's borders , in speculative preparation for conflict in Europe .
In order for that to happen , Russia 's leaders must come to view missile defense as an opportunity to work together to address common threats , rather than a threat in itself .
The institutions and policies established by the European Union are a vivid example of the unobtrusive benefits of modern cross-border integration .
Likewise , South Sudan 's peaceful , and internationally supported , separation from Sudan has not led to new calls for Africa 's borders to be redrawn .
It both sets the normative framework for EU policy and establishes institutions and procedures for policies on border controls , asylum , reception of migrants , and cooperation between judicial and police authorities .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania .
But it is difficult to defend the current line between what athletes can and can not do in order to enhance their performance .
Golubchuk 's doctors thought it best not to prolong his life , but his children , arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their Orthodox Jewish beliefs , obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their father alive .
If Golubchuk 's children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father .
What the court should not do is order the hospital to continue to care for Golubchuk against the better judgment of its health care professionals .
The biggest impact that Obama can make , however , is beyond America 's borders .
Blair called for a new financial order based on `` values other than the maximum short-term profit . ''
We seem to accept that to be struck by an earthquake , a tidal wave , or a hurricane is just bad luck -LRB- unless , as the American evangelist Pat Robertson suggested after the Haitian earthquake , your ancestors made a pact with the devil in order to free themselves from colonial rule -RRB- .
In June , the prestigious journal Science published an article by the South Korean scientist Woo-Suk Hwang and an international team of co-authors describing how they had developed what were , in effect , `` made to order '' lines of human stem cells cloned from an adult .
Last month , when the governor of China 's Hubei province threatened a journalist and grabbed her recorder after she asked a question about a local scandal , journalists , lawyers , and academics used the Internet to object .
A Web report critical of the governor 's behavior stayed up for 18 hours before censors ordered it taken down .
Twenty years later , he admitted in a BBC interview that he had intentionally acted as if it were a goal , in order to deceive the referee .
Although Wikileaks says it has withheld an additional 15,000 documents on the Afghan war in order to remove names and other means of identifying individuals who might be placed at risk , the Times of London revealed that in some cases sufficient identifying details were in the documents already released .
It is , she calculates , in the order of one trillion , although it could be as high as 2.7 trillion .
When diamonds ' role in fueling violent conflict in Africa gained worldwide attention , the diamond industry established the Kimberley Process in order to keep `` blood diamonds '' out of international trade .
Many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people , instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby Malta , so Qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders .
He considers three leading theories about what we ought to do -- one deriving from Kant , one from the social-contract tradition of Hobbes , Locke , Rousseau , and the contemporary philosophers John Rawls and T.M. Scanlon , and one from Bentham 's utilitarianism -- and argues that the Kantian and social-contract theories must be revised in order to be defensible .
Chinese zoos have drawn crowds by staging animal spectacles , and by allowing members of the public to buy live chickens , goats , and horses in order to watch them being pulled apart by lions , tigers , and other big cats .
Last month , the military forces that this same president commands aimed a missile at a house in Damadola , a Pakistani village near the Afghanistan border .
Bush did not apologize for the attack , nor did he reprimand those who ordered it .
Bush , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
Killing innocent people in order to bring a kind of rough justice to `` Chemical Ali '' -- a particularly nasty member of Saddam 's military elite , but one who at the time of the raid was no longer in command of military forces -- is wrong .
In Pakistan , the extremist now wears Islamic garb , and stands for the Creator , for faith , and for a theocratic order .
In the West , Afghanistan -- and what Henry Kissinger calls `` Islamist Jihadists '' -- challenges the international order .
Several thousand PLA troops are indisputably stationed in the Khunjerab Pass on the Xinjiang border to protect the Karakoram Highway , which PLA soldiers are now repairing in several places .
Even while trade expands , China is attempting to confine India within greatly foreshortened land and sea borders through its so-called `` string of pearls policy . ''
These two great countries , `` natural allies '' in the words of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , should reflect on what they have accomplished together since 1998 , in order to map what lies ahead .
Germany 's economic development will have to be observed well into the next full decade in order to judge the potential for a structural trend reversal .
They will therefore speed up rather than reduce production , in order to avoid selling their oil when anxiety about CO2 peaks and the artificial measures of the signing countries to reduce their consumption have dampened the oil price most .
The strike has been temporarily stopped by a court order , leaving time for negotiations , but the danger remains great because talks have reached an impasse .
Brazil has cleared huge areas of its jungle in order to produce the bio-ethanol that impressed the Secretary General .
To address this problem , stricter banking regulation is needed in order to increase the probability of repayment , and hence the quality of securities .
This approach would automatically take account of different growth rates and give countries a powerful incentive to run surpluses in good times in order to increase the scope for maneuver in bad times .
This immigration is not an invasioni barbariche , as Italians refer to the Völkerwanderung , although the orders of magnitude are comparable .
The most successful countries in this regard have been the Anglo-Saxon countries -LRB- Canada , Ireland , Australia , the United States , and the UK , in that order -RRB- , as well as Denmark and Norway .
In the end , she will probably give in to Sarkozy 's wishes in order to avoid endangering her chances of re-election in September because of a conflict with the French .
The US will have to reinvent its system of mortgage finance in order to escape the socialist trap into which it has fallen .
The Greek disaster was possible because its government deceived its European partners for years with faked statistics . In order to qualify for the euro , the Greek government asserted that its budget deficit stood at 1.8 % of GDP in 1999 -- well below the 3 % - of-GDP limit set by the Maastricht Treaty .
According to the German Constitution , the German states -LRB- or Länder -RRB- will not be permitted any budget deficit after 2020 , and must already pursue fiscal consolidation in order to meet that goal .
In order to prevent sinners from getting caught in a debt trap , the fines could take the form of covered bonds collateralized with privatizable state assets .
It is time for Europe to face its true options in order to maintain the euro 's stability -- and that of the EU itself .
In order to overcome the no-bailout clause , Sarkozy and other European leaders dramatized the decline of southern European governments ' bonds and the corresponding increase in interest-rate spreads .
Bank rescue programs on the order of ¤ 5 trillion and Keynesian stimulus programs on the order of a further ¤ 1 trillion staved off collapse .
The central banks of South Korea , Brazil , Taiwan , Japan , Switzerland , and many other countries are now buying dollars in order to protect their own currencies against revaluation and thus to defend their exports .
The US , which at the time needed annual capital imports of $ 800 billion in order to offset the near total cessation of private savings , received the lion 's share of this capital .
Interestingly , the GIPS ' cumulative current-account deficits from 2008 through 2010 were of roughly the same order of magnitude -- ¤ 365 billion , to be precise .
Apart from financial restructuring , which is crucial , Greece and Portugal must become cheaper in order to regain their competitiveness .
Autocracies , which are much praised for their decisiveness , and for guaranteeing `` law and order , '' are paper tigers .
With refugees spilling over borders , pirates hijacking ships , and terrorists finding shelter , it is clear that , although Africa 's solutions are its own , its problems are not .
Far from having too much math , economists need more , in order to `` keep the logic straight . ''
But he underestimated the weight of relative needs , especially as societies got richer , and , of course , the power of advertising to create new wants , and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them .
Without more fully restoring the health of financial and household balance sheets , a worsening of public debt sustainability could be transmitted back to banking system or across borders .
The question he asked of his opponents was : `` What must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible , so that government ` stimulus ' to raise the employment level could do no good ? '' In answering this question , Keynes reconstructed the orthodox theory -- and then proceeded to demolish it .
The truth is that it is not fear of government bankruptcy , but governments ' determination to balance the books , that is reducing business confidence by lowering expectations of employment , incomes , and orders .
Meanwhile , the dollar 's depreciation in anticipation of further quantitative easing has caused East Asian central banks to step up their purchases of dollars and impose controls on capital inflows , in order to prevent their currencies from appreciating .
A `` strongman '' who can not keep order in the streets is of no use to anyone .
They try to report the world as it is , but theirs is not the world of most people -- their business depends on the disruption of `` ordinary '' business , so they systematically underestimate people 's desire for law and order -LRB- or at least order -RRB- .
Likewise , in the referendum that ended his 16-year rule in Chile in 1990 , General Augusto Pinochet , with thousands of tortured and vanished victims in his grisly cupboard , ran on a law-and-order platform and received 44 % of the vote .
But Western democracies ' combination of freedom and order -- the West 's most precious gift to the world -- is the product of a long history that can not be replicated in short order .
In his great verse drama Faust , Goethe has God send humanity the Devil -LRB- Mephistopheles -RRB- in order to stir things up .
The first prohibited the use of words or expressions likely to disrupt public order ; the second was the law against libel .
But the law has recently become more restrictive . `` Incitement to religious and racial hatred '' and `` incitement to hatred on the basis of sexual orientation '' are now illegal in most European countries , independent of any threat to public order .
It is not the task of history to defend public order or morals , but to establish what happened . Legally protected history ensures that historians will play safe .
Economists and moralists have been united in believing that you should actually spend less than you earn -- in order to `` save '' for the proverbial rainy day or for old age .
This would immediately relieve pressure on Greece 's budget and give its government the time and incentive to put the country 's economy in order .
Thus , creditors -- mainly German and French banks -- are not expected to suffer losses on their existing loans , while borrowers gain more time to `` put their houses in order . ''
There then followed a crazy system : Germany borrowed money from the US in order to repay Britain , France , and Belgium , while France and Belgium used a bit of it to pay back Britain , and Britain used more of it to pay back the US .
Since that crash , efforts have been made to reconstruct the dismantled system of financial regulation in order to prevent the `` over-lending '' that led to the collapse .
The danger is that we become so infected with the apocalyptic virus that we end up creating a real catastrophe -- the meltdown of our economies and lifestyles -- in order to avoid an imaginary one .
The only purpose of the League of Democracies seems to be to legitimize war-making by democracies -- in order to spread democracy !
In American domestic politics , these kinds of commands from the US Congress to states are known as `` unfunded mandates ; '' ordering results without providing the resources necessary to achieve them .
But today the international community has a tremendous window of opportunity to secure a small but significant peace in the Middle East along the volatile border of Lebanon and Israel .
Pakistan 's Black Revolution SHANGHAI &#45; &#45; Immediately after taking office last month , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani ordered the release of the 60 judges who had been detained by President Pervez Musharraf since November .
The seven-member Supreme Court , headed by Chief Justice Iftikar Mohammad Chaudhry , countered by issuing an order barring the government from proclaiming emergency rule .
If they succeed , perhaps they should add a black border around the proud Islamic green of their flag -- the black not of mourning , but of justice .
Some emerging economies did not let their currencies float but , instead , continued to peg them at undervalued exchange rates in order to promote their exports and build up reserves as a form of insurance in case of crisis .
An essential element of such a mechanism is to give the IMF a prominent role in two areas : strong and effective surveillance in order to prevent crises , and responsible lending to countries in need , but with appropriate limits and conditionality .
The US must accept this principle , and recognize that Europe is a partner , not merely a servant , whether willing or unwilling , of American orders .
Regulators might consider imposing pro-cyclical equity requirements -- increasing the equity percentage in boom times in order to offset losses in the inevitable bust times .
On her return , Megawati restored her credibility by ordering the security services to act against these groups .
This restored order .
The weak , when certain that they can not win , can hurt the strongest -- and even make them lose . In contrast to the centuries-old Westphalian order of nation-states , in which each state 's specific weight was the determining factor , in a world of interdependency , the security , economic stability , health , and environment of the strongest is continually a hostage of the weakest .
In the United States , there has been no energy debate at the federal level for a long time ; the European Union is in the eye of a financial hurricane ; and the emerging countries want to maintain rapid economic growth in order to lift millions out of poverty .
This geographical imbalance requires an ordered system of trade , clear regulations , and a well-structured global market .
A high-level group on border and transport security is at work , and links between member states ' police chiefs are strengthening .
Furthermore , the European Border Agency will become operational in 2005 .
From Kabul to Pristina , from Ramallah to Kinshasa , the EU is monitoring borders , overseeing peace agreements , training police forces , building up criminal justice systems and protecting shipping from pirate attacks .
Today , we are still deeply engaged in the Balkans , fighting organised crime and building up the institutions of law and order .
And we need to strengthen our civilian and military capabilities and boost their funding in order to back up our political decisions .
In order to guarantee national security , the Strategy is categorical -- without giving in to the temptation of isolationism -- in admitting the strategic value of the example and the importance of doing one 's homework first .
Obama 's new National Security Strategy shows a political willingness to back an international order able to tackle these challenges .
In order to ensure this , policymakers must give priority to the efficiency criterion and bear in mind the environmental costs of both land and sea transport .
Maintaining our economy requires migration and open EU borders -- and facing down the populist movements in Europe that would shun `` outsiders . ''
The EU may not have imposed sweeping quotas and tariffs , but powerful `` behind the border '' protectionism has emerged in the form of subsidies , bailouts , `` buy national '' injunctions , and new restrictions on foreign direct investment .
In the time of the Soviet Union , the KGB would have indicted these anti-Putin dissidents for mental disorders .
But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market .
In order to preserve their shared domination , they have more or less agreed to a `` Republican Front '' strategy aimed at excluding the National Front in the second round of all elections .
After the AKP was elected in 2003 , the Supreme Court dissolved it in order to prevent Recep Tayyip Erdogan from becoming Prime Minister .
When one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries , the law can vary , but cooptation is the usual rule of the game : a successful judge or prosecutor , in order to climb the professional ladder , must follow the guidance of his peers and increase the influence of his corporation .
Afghanistan has been liberated , but law and order has not been established beyond Kabul . Indeed , President Karzai must be protected by American bodyguards .
The Washington Consensus starts by asking how big a budget surplus is needed in order to keep indebtedness within bounds ; the higher the interest rates , the bigger the required surplus .
Global Witness , a small British NGO , acted as the pioneer when it campaigned to close the Thai\/Cambodian border to Khmer Rouge timber exports , ending illegal trade in teak and other rare hardwoods .
According to the European security document adopted in 2003 , `` It is in the interest of the European Union to promote a ring of well-governed countries on its borders with whom it can enjoy close and cooperative relations . ''
The defining characteristic of the countries on the Eastern and Southern borders of Europe is that they lack many attributes needed for membership .
Instead of engaging in preemptive military actions , the US should pursue preventive actions of a constructive nature , creating a better balance between carrots and sticks in the prevailing world order .
But America had an obligation to maintain law and order ; instead , we stood idly by while Baghdad and other cities were ransacked .
It undermined the critical process that is at the heart of an open society by treating any criticism of the administration 's policies as unpatriotic , thereby allowing Bush to order the invasion of Iraq .
But it can set an example , both within its own borders and beyond .
Similarly , financial authorities should vary the loan-to-value ratio on commercial and residential mortgages for risk-weighting purposes in order to forestall real estate bubbles .
While international cooperation on regulatory reform is difficult to achieve on a piecemeal basis , it may be attainable in a grand bargain that rearranges the entire financial order .
It would also have to reconstitute the International Monetary Fund to reflect better the prevailing pecking order among states and to revise its methods of operation .
Reorganizing the world order will need to extend beyond the financial system and involve the United Nations , especially membership of the Security Council .
Despite court rulings ordering reform , Roma are regularly denied equal access to housing , education , and healthcare , creating a vicious cycle of poverty and marginalization .
What is needed now is a comprehensive European strategy to address Roma issues across borders .
When European leaders finally acted , they had to provide a much larger rescue package than would have been necessary had they moved earlier . Moreover , in order to reassure the markets , the authorities felt obliged to create the ¤ 750 billion European Financial Stabilization Fund , with ¤ 500 billion from the member states and ¤ 250 billion from the IMF .
Now they face a form of discrimination unseen in Europe since World War II : group evictions and expulsions from several European democracies of men , women , and children on the grounds that they pose a threat to public order .
Last week , France began to carry out plans to expel all non-French Roma , implicating them as a group in criminal activity , without any legal process to determine whether individuals have committed any crime or pose a threat to public order .
That is how the divergences emerged . Yet the banks continued to load up on the government bonds of the weaker countries in order to benefit from the minuscule interest-rate differentials that still remained .
The consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , when governments , in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing , had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
These imbalances could be reduced by the US using fiscal rather than monetary stimulus , and China allowing the renminbi to appreciate in an orderly manner .
But China has become a great power , with all the obligations for maintaining world order that go with it , whether or not the leadership acknowledges it .
When US President Barack Obama visited China in November 2009 , he acknowledged China 's rapid rise and offered a partnership in maintaining and improving the world order .
That rift is unfortunate , because improvement in Chinese living standards ought to go hand-in-hand with Chinese participation in building a better world order .
China 's leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people 's minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability ; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability .
That means becoming a more open society and playing a more active role in maintaining a peaceful and stable world order .
This induced banks that were obliged to hold riskless assets in order to meet their liquidity requirements to earn a few extra basis points by loading up on the weaker countries ' sovereign debt .
The German public is a long way from accepting it ; yet it is clearly needed in order to reestablish a level playing field in Europe .
But the excesses were mainly in the private sector , as interest-rate convergence generated economic divergence : lower interest rates in the weaker countries fueled housing bubbles , while the strongest country , Germany , had to tighten its belt in order to cope with the burden of reunification .
Financial authorities resort to increasingly desperate measures in order to buy time .
Greece is heading towards disorderly default and\/or devaluation with incalculable consequences .
If this seemingly inexorable process is to be arrested and reversed , both Greece and the eurozone must urgently adopt a Plan B. A Greek default may be inevitable , but it need not be disorderly .
It should be recognized that a disorderly default or exit from the eurozone , even by a small country like Greece , would precipitate a banking crisis comparable to the one that caused the Great Depression .
Moreover , some banks in the defaulting countries would have to be kept functioning in order to prevent economic collapse .
On the contrary , the possibility of an orderly default -- financed by the other eurozone countries and the International Monetary Fund -- would offer Greece and Portugal policy choices .
All agree that Greece needs an orderly restructuring , because a disorderly default could cause a eurozone meltdown .
Indeed , the most fundamental problem of the present global order is that the production of private goods has taken precedence over social development -- i.e. the provision of public goods .
A change in the WTO 's regal status is thus in order .
First , if we are to avoid a race to the bottom , the order of precedence between WTO and national laws should be reversed .
I propose to reverse this order of preference : countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods , unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary .
Definition of death as `` brain death '' allows one to declare breathing beings dead and to eliminate the process of dying , in order to exploit the dying as warehouses of spare parts for the living .
But the fullest possible information in executing trades is a necessary condition : hence the imposition of pre-trade -LRB- posting orders and prices -RRB- and post-trade transparency for intermediaries trading on their own account with retail investors - a requirement that has been firmly opposed by all the states where the relevant `` internalizers '' reside .
More relevantly , the high cost of cross-border transactions reflects inefficiencies in the post-trade stage , especially clearing and settlement .
But South Africa 's aspiration to play a dynamic role beyond its borders is proving increasingly difficult , primarily because the regional environment -- indeed , the continental environment -- is not hospitable , defying the best efforts of Mbeki 's government to produce meaningful and sustained political and economic change .
Absent external assistance and a credible plan for restoring fiscal order , Greek sovereign debt could not be rolled over , forcing a default , probably in the form of a restructuring of Greek debt .
But the scope of the export sector itself will have to expand in order to generate sufficient employment and reduce the external deficit .
· Accommodating a rapidly urbanizing population , and ensuring that incentives are structured to bring about as orderly a process of social change as possible ;
The financial sector must be developed in order to create more savings options and supply credit and equity capital efficiently to new and growing businesses , which China needs in order to attract the rural population to cities -LRB- even as export sectors move up the skill and value-added hierarchy -RRB- .
Thus , the Five-Year Plan 's goal is to recompose -LRB- not expand -RRB- aggregate demand in order to sustain growth and avoid the diminishing-returns trap that is the principal risk of China 's current investment pattern .
A large group of migrant workers and families -LRB- on the order of 150 to 200 million people -RRB- are formally still rural , but in fact are marginal urban residents with constrained rights and access to services .
A more aggressive interest-rate policy would likely reduce asset prices -LRB- or at least slow the rate of appreciation -RRB- , increase adjustable-rate debt-service burdens , and trigger additional balance-sheet distress and disorderly deleveraging , such as foreclosures .
What we most need now is support for the unemployed , stable government finances with a clearly communicated deficit-reduction plan , some truth-telling about medium-term growth prospects , and an orderly healing process in which balance sheets are restored mostly without government intervention .
The disasters of two world wars , and the half-century of Cold War , pushed Europe to embrace cooperation and integration in order to avoid another suicidal battle .
Rapid expansion in cross-border capital flows , continued financial innovation , and deepening financial markets pose increasing challenges not only for national policy makers , but also for international financial institutions .
But , in order to maintain the creditor countries ' willingness to contribute to the Fund 's finances , a strong link must be maintained between quotas , on the one hand , and voting rights , access to IMF resources , and financial contributions on the other hand .
Many dissenting Pashtuns did back the Taliban , mostly because it promised to bring peace and order .
The Berlin Conference of 1885 fixed the borders of Europe 's African colonies so that they included within them a large variety of languages , religions , and ethnic groups .
The legacy of arbitrarily drawn borders and limited political centralization meant that in many SSA countries remnants of the colonial experience continue to play a big role in defining the institutional landscape , such as the civil service and public administration , educational system , and economic infrastructure .
Interestingly , whereas Britain , France , and the US have not altered their models , many other successful democracies have introduced major changes in order to prevent dangerous problems with how the `` pure '' variant functions in the local context .
But , in order to choose a leader , these groups must coalesce into a coherent force .
He was given to bombastic speeches , once warning newly sworn-in recruits that , if he so ordered , they would have to shoot their parents .
He gave astounding orders to soldiers departing to suppress the Boxer Rebellion in China : they should awaken fear as had the Huns of yore .
But , ultimately , his chief failure had been to hand power to military and civilian hawks -- wrongly called conservatives , for their vision was a radical reordering of Europe .
Given the huge increase in inequality in most countries , higher taxes for those who have done well -- to help those who have lost ground from globalization and technological change -- are in order , and could also ameliorate the strains imposed by soaring food and energy prices .
Countries , like the US , with food stamp programs clearly need to increase the value of these subsidies in order to ensure that nutrition standards do not deteriorate .
Not long ago , there was discussion of the dangers of a disorderly unwinding of the global economy 's massive imbalances .
Keynes was worried about a liquidity trap -- the inability of monetary authorities to induce an increase in the supply of credit in order to raise the level of economic activity .
The bondholders will gain from an orderly restructuring , and if the value of the assets is truly greater than the market -LRB- and outside analysts -RRB- believe , they will eventually reap the gains .
They argued that they had to be richly compensated in order to be motivated .
A system of border taxes -- imposed on imports from countries where firms do not have to pay appropriately for carbon emissions -- would level the playing field and provide economic and political incentives for countries to adopt a carbon tax or emission caps .
If Mauritius can afford these things , America and Europe -- which are several orders of magnitude richer -- can , too .
Third , Mauritius recognized that without natural resources , its people were its only asset . Maybe that appreciation for its human resources is also what led Mauritius to realize that , particularly given the country 's potential religious , ethnic , and political differences -- which some tried to exploit in order to induce it to remain a British colony -- education for all was crucial to social unity .
Slightly more than 13 years earlier , at the IMF 's Hong Kong meeting in 1997 , the Fund had attempted to amend its charter in order to gain more leeway to push countries towards capital-market liberalization .
On the contrary , we should have learned from the crisis that financial markets need regulation , and that cross-border capital flows are particularly dangerous .
Finally , as a new order seemed to emerge in the aftermath of the US-made Great Recession , the G-20 agreed -LRB- or so it was thought -RRB- that the next IMF head would be chosen in an open and transparent manner .
But the real problem stems from another form of contagion : bad ideas move easily across borders , and misguided economic notions on both sides of the Atlantic have been reinforcing each other .
That war of choice quickly became very expensive -- orders of magnitude beyond the $ 60 billion claimed at the beginning -- as colossal incompetence met dishonest misrepresentation .
Globalization and modern technology now enables social movements to transcend borders as rapidly as ideas can .
The rise in inequality is the product of a vicious spiral : the rich rent-seekers use their wealth to shape legislation in order to protect and increase their wealth -- and their influence .
Given the huge gap , the US will have to grow in excess of its long run potential in order to get back to utilizing its resources fully .
Directing credit in order to increase supply of goods need not be inflationary ; on the contrary , the increased supply of domestically produced goods may be an effective instrument for combating inflation .
Ten years ago this month , Russia 's parliament , the Duma , was seeking to impeach then President Boris Yeltsin , initiating a time of stalemate and struggle that ended seven months later when Yeltsin ordered tanks to fire on the Duma 's headquarters .
Yet the IMF was still lobbying to change its charter in order to force countries to liberalize their capital markets , ignoring the evidence that this did not lead to enhanced growth or more investment , but only to more instability .
Developing countries were told , once again , to get their houses in order , to address issues of governance , and to undertake `` painful '' structural reforms .
Some new trade and investment agreements under discussion propose to go further , allowing domestic laws , whatever their merits , to be set aside in order to promote international flows of goods and services .
It would be a move somewhat similar to that contemplated in the US by the Clinton administration , which proposed a tax on billionaires who surrendered their citizenship in order to avoid taxation .
Of course , America tried to keep real order in some places , revealing a lot about what it truly valued in Iraq .
European enlargement , creating large numbers of lower-wage workers at Germany 's borders , will pose new challenges .
Now that rich countries no longer need to worry about losing the developing world to Communism , they have an opportunity to redefine the global economic order according to the same principles on which they built successful national economies : fair competition and social justice .
If they were not following precise orders , they were at least responding to vague pro forma instructions from the top : do n't do anything illegal , just maximize profits .
Every government has the right -- indeed , the obligation -- to ensure that there is competition within their borders .
Before the invasion of Iraq , they wanted America to go to the UN , and today they recognize that America alone can not maintain order in the Middle East .
It may be unfortunate that Realpolitik is the order of the day , but it is , so others must learn to play the same game .
An evacuation was ordered , but no means to do so were provided for the poor .
But conservatives have argued that in order to remain competitive in a global world , taxes must be cut and the welfare state reduced .
Faced with the WTO order , the US will try to comply with the letter of the law and avoid its spirit , making changes in the subsidy program to ensure `` technical '' compliance .
Similarly , companies raced to beat the human genome project in order to patent genes such as that associated with breast cancer .
It may make sense for central banks -LRB- or Fannie Mae , America 's major government-sponsored mortgage company -RRB- to buy mortgage-backed securities in order to help provide market liquidity .
Only years after the war began did the administration order the specially armored vehicles that would have saved the lives of many killed by roadside bombs .
Not only must they contend with the prospect of falling exports and confidence ; they also are the latest victims of a financial crisis that started in the United States , traveled to Europe , and now has swept across their borders .
In order to shore up their financial systems and overall demand , emerging-market countries must be ready to take actions similar to those pursued by the advanced countries .
It is equally important to restart global trade talks and bring the Doha Round to a successful conclusion -- not least in order to protect Africa from the risk of rising protectionism .
The IMF has already moved quickly to help many of our member countries in this time of crisis , including by protecting social spending in order to cushion the impact of the crisis on the most vulnerable .
Moving to the broader economy , we have learned that growth must be balanced in order to be healthy .
At the global level , it requires a better distribution of growth across countries , in order to prevent destabilizing imbalances .
Women were ordered to turn back and go home because there was not enough food .
Their mission was to get help from Russia at the border in western China .
But Mao kept sending them contradictory orders ; the result was that they could neither fight nor retreat .
Only 400 reached the border ; the rest were killed or captured .
The problem is that , having neglected food security and the productive sectors of their economies for several decades , many developing countries ' governments now lack the fiscal capacity to increase public spending in order to increase food production and agricultural productivity .
Hence , big investments in energy services are the order of the day throughout the developing world .
In order to provide more energy to meet development goals without accelerating global warming , there must be a shift to a new energy infrastructure built around renewables -LRB- of which the most significant are probably solar power , wind , and biofuels -RRB- , cleaner coal , and carbon capture and storage .
Market-based solutions to the climate challenge run the very serious risk of undermining development objectives , precisely because they aim to raise the price of energy services in order to make renewable energy sources attractive to private investors .
But the mainstream reaction has been much more fearful : media and politicians throughout the European Union are obsessing about the threat of waves of migrants reaching their borders .
That the Union has been moving towards a common approach to border security , most visibly with the expansion of the Frontex border agency , will be of help here .
The trick will be to ensure that migrants are given the chance to acquire the skills that European employers need , and that they have the chance to move in a safe , legal , and orderly fashion .
In order to connect our societies in positive ways , we should seriously consider liberalizing trade regimes , opening new avenues for legal migration , and vastly expanding the number of students from the region who come to Europe for education and professional training .
They fuel cross-border organised crime , trafficking in human beings and illicit migration , as well as the drugs trade , religious extremism and terrorism .
By reducing transaction costs and removing exchange-rate uncertainty , the single European currency was expected to lead to fully integrated product and financial markets . This , in turn , would bring greater gains from trade , stronger competition , larger cross-border capital flows , lower borrowing costs , and more opportunities for sharing risk , all of which were expected ultimately to boost investment and productivity .
· Cross-border investment towards the euro area has increased , although here it is more difficult to disentangle the effect of the single currency from other concomitant events -LRB- such as privatizations or corporate mergers -RRB- .
Retail banking , however , remains segmented by national borders , so that households and smaller producers have not been much affected .
An important reason for this is that , in order to create a successful market system , the state must respect basic individual rights : the rule of law , private property , and the enforcement of justice .
In a recent statement about the burning suburbs , Chirac declared : `` We will have to draw all the lessons from this crisis , when the time comes and order has been restored , and with a lot of courage and lucidity . ''
In order to compete with China 's export-boosting public-private schemes , other Asian countries are now pursuing similar policies .
As the world begins to grapple with the creation of a new economic order , the moderating role of a third party in conflicts between the US and China will be extremely important .
In order to rescue the banking system , the Federal Reserve , for example , put interest rates at artificially low levels ; as was disclosed recently , it also has provided secret loans of $ 1.2 trillion to banks .
It is planning to create a fund , backed 70 % by Brazilian financial resources , that will be dedicated to projects such as rehabilitating roads in Uruguay and Paraguay in order to enhance its neighbors ' capacities and correct economic imbalances .
Turkey is already enforcing a punitive economic embargo on Armenia , including closure of its border .
Iran also must be factored into this equation , as it is becoming a strategic investor by building an oil refinery just across its border in Armenia , partly as a security measure in case of a US attack and partly to relieve its petrol shortages .
And such potential bloodshed on Russia 's border may give Vladimir Putin the pretext he may desire to extend his rule beyond its constitutionally mandated end next March .
The 90th anniversary of the Armenian massacres of 1915 , ordered by the ruling Young Turks of the Ottoman Empire and carried out with the help of the Kurds , is another wound that will not heal , but one that must be treated if Turkey 's progress toward European Union membership is to proceed smoothly .
Not likely . Thus clear principles are needed , as neither self-determination nor the inviolability of national borders can be treated as sacrosanct in every case .
Initially , the government accepted the ruling , but it was overturned by an Order-in-Council -LRB- an executive order from the Queen and not a law passed by Parliament -RRB- in 2004 .
It is the prospect of a proxy war that makes all the unsettled issues -- the division of oil revenue , the demarcation of the border , and the fate of the adjoining Nuba Mountains and the Blue Nile region -- so potentially explosive .
But , proxy war or not , this almost unprecedented redrawing of Africa 's colonial borders -LRB- Eritrea two decades ago was the last example -RRB- could have profound consequences for the continent 's future .
Competing for influence among radical Islamist leaders in northwestern Bangladesh is Bangla Bhai , who in 2004 attempted an Islamist revolution in several provinces bordering India .
After all , China supplied much of Pakistan 's nuclear-weapons technology and beat India in a 1962 war ; their borders remain disputed in places .
Whatever this plan 's impact in practice , the political message is clear : when in doubt , Europe is better off sealing its borders .
A recent dispute between Italy -LRB- the main port of arrival -RRB- and France -LRB- the principal final destination -RRB- ended with the French reintroducing border controls .
In an unrelated move , Denmark did the same , ostensibly to prevent cross-border crime .
India , proud of its long-standing democracy and fresh from its own elections , shares a border with Myanmar and can also assist efforts there .
A moral community should form in Asia , one that displaces its leaders ' usual cynical calculations of power in order to jump on the right bandwagon .
This was proposed late in the Bush administration in order to forge links with some ASEAN members -- Singapore , Vietnam , and Brunei -- as well as others across the Pacific .
Second , at a time when economic globalization is rendering national borders porous , political leaders may get carried away by their rhetoric of independence .
Once , the votaries of one kind of new international order or another decried the evils of imperialism -LRB- sometimes , but not always , prefixed with a `` neo - '' -RRB- in justifying demands for a more just dispensation .
Moreover , fuses lit in the colonial era could re-ignite , as they have done , to everyone 's surprise , between Ethiopia and Eritrea , where war broke out over a colonial border that Italy 's occupiers had failed to define with precision .
Eyeball to Eyeball at the Top of the World NEW DELHI - -- When a foreign minister goes out of his way to assure reporters that there is no tension on his country 's borders with a powerful neighbor , the logical tendency is to wonder whether `` the lady doth protest too much . ''
The claim by Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee on a June visit to Beijing that the Sino-Indian border is tension-free has prompted cynical observers to assume the opposite .
Nearly a hundred have been recorded , including no fewer than 65 incursions by China 's People 's Liberation Army in just one sector -- the evocatively-named Finger Area , a 2.1-square-kilometer salient in the Indian state of Sikkim , which shares a 206-kilometer border with Tibet .
While India seeks to downplay such reports , one incident that did make it into the Indian press occurred inside the `` Line of Actual Control '' -LRB- LAC -RRB- on the western sector of the border at Demchok , in India 's Ladakh district .
The Chinese soldiers allegedly assumed firing positions , leading the Indians to withdraw in order not to provoke a shooting match .
With China having established four new airbases in Tibet and three in its southern provinces bordering India , the Indian Air Force is reportedly augmenting its own presence near the Chinese border by deploying two squadrons of Sukhoi-30MKI fighters .
China , with the Olympics looming , is unlikely to initiate a clash , and India has no desire to provoke its neighbor , which humiliated it in a brutal border war in 1962 that left China in possession of 23,200 square kilometers of Indian territory .
India 's borders were defined by British imperial administrators in 1913 -- the MacMahon Line , which China rejects -LRB- though it accepts that line as its frontier with Burma , which was then part of British India -RRB- .
At his meeting with his Chinese counterpart , Yang Jiechi , Mukherjee was told what his hosts thought of the Dalai Lama 's activities and statements in India , and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies .
The Chinese demanded a resumption of talks on the unsettled border , though there seems little prospect of either side making new concessions .
Needling an eager-to-please India on its troubled northern borders helps China to keep India guessing about its intentions , exposes the giant democracy 's vulnerabilities in an election year , and cuts a potential strategic rival down to size .
The explanations range from the anthropological to the borderline racist : Indians do n't have the genes , the build , the stamina , the climate , whatever .
An earlier assault on India 's Parliament in December 2001 by the Pakistan-based militant organization Jaish-e-Muhammad , nearly triggered a full-scale war between the two countries . In the end India pulled back its deployment on the border .
If anything , such an Indian reaction would play into the hands of the terrorists , by strengthening anti-Indian nationalism in Pakistan and diverting forces away from the Afghan borderlands , where they are aiding NATO 's fight against the Taliban and Al Qaeda .
Just as Israel has frequently been attacked by rockets fired from across its border with Gaza , India has suffered repeated assaults by killers trained , equipped , financed , and directed by elements based next door in Pakistan .
Israel is a small country living in a permanent state of siege , highly security-conscious and surrounded by forces hostile to it ; India is a giant country whose borders are notoriously permeable , an open society known for its lax and easy-going ways .
Indeed , it is just what the terrorists want -- a cause that would rally all Pakistanis to the flag and provide Pakistan 's army an excuse to abandon the unpopular fight against the Taliban and Al-Qaeda in the west for the more familiar terrain of the Indian border in the east .
There is also the strategic imperative of not ceding ground to India 's enemies on its own borders .
And , as the Mumbai terror attacks of November 2008 demonstrated , India today faces the threat of cross-border terrorism to which the Mahatma 's only answer -- a fast in protest -- would have left its perpetrators unmoved .
On the other hand , India has been cultivating better relations with China , which humiliated India in a brief border war in 1962 .
Though their bitter border dispute remains unresolved , and China has been a vital ally and military supplier to India 's enemies in Pakistan , bilateral relations have grown warmer in recent years .
When young Tibetan radicals staged a march to Lhasa from Indian soil , the Indian police stopped them well before they got to the Tibetan border , detaining 100 .
The heady days of Hindi-Chini bhai-bhai -LRB- `` Indians and Chinese are brothers '' -RRB- , the slogan coined by Nehru 's India to welcome Chou En-Lai in 1955 , gave way to the humiliation of the 1962 border war , after which it was `` Hindi-Chini bye-bye '' for decades .
The border dispute remains unresolved , with periodic incursions by Chinese troops onto Indian soil and new irritants such as the anti-Chinese protests by Tibetan exiles who have been given asylum in India .
If one enters the term `` mood disorder '' in the largest online medical database - Medline - you get close to 62,000 hits .
Developing countries need to ensure reliable property rights and policy enforcement in order to generate the incentives needed to protect nature in the future .
Even this limited version would constitute progress ; most of the gains arise from removing the red tape that complicates cross-border establishment of small and medium-size service enterprises and limits competition in broad sectors of the economy .
In addition , the army , called out ostensibly to restore order , held back , a markedly different response from its repression of past uprisings .
Senior officers surely know the risks that they will incur if they order these men to fire on friends and relatives .
They threatened property and undermined political order from the outset .
The Egyptian high command did not need to worry that rank-and-file soldiers would disobey orders , because they were protecting the citizenry .
Should violence increase , ordinary soldiers would likely once again feel duty-bound to intervene to restore order and prevent further bloodshed .
In addition , companies will be forced to restructure in order to cut costs and increase competitiveness .
These could include higher capital or provisioning requirements as buffers for more difficult times , or the stipulation of liquidity standards and special requirements for systemically important banks in order to avoid a recurrence of the `` too big to fail '' dilemma that many countries -- not only in the EBRD region -- have been facing .
International solutions are critical to prevent cross-border `` regulatory arbitrage '' -- for example , the circumvention of host-country regulation by borrowing directly from the parent bank .
Greater efforts at infiltrating terror networks are needed , as is a deeper knowledge of the social structures created by the terrorists , in order to block their financial support .
But the `` war on terrorism '' in Latin America has also fallen to the Colombians , with a US rear guard backing up the Colombian state in order to avoid American casualties on a new front , and an overextension of US military commitments .
On the contrary , both the US and the Uribe government regard what has happened in Colombia as `` model '' to be emulated across the Andes in order to prevent other countries in the region from becoming failed states .
But , as in Colombia , the effort to militarize the `` war on drugs '' and the `` war on terrorism '' seems likely only to generate more disorder .
To achieve this end , Vallenilla argued that , at least in the case of Venezuela , a charismatic leader , confirmed in power through regular elections , would be best placed to concentrate political power successfully and guarantee institutional order .
Several democratically elected leaders urged constitutional modifications in order to remain in power .
In some cases , they involve border disputes -LRB- Peru and Chile , Bolivia and Chile , and Colombia and Nicaragua -RRB- .
He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the country 's right-wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
Conversely , legislative elections in March gave the Mockus-Fajardo ticket only minimal representation in the two chambers of Congress , implying that any government that they form would need all the legislative allies that it can find in order to enact its agenda .
It is not clear whether these laws will actually punish the crimes or merely reduce the visibility of the numbers : if a crime requires certain difficult-to-prove elements in order to be considered a femicide , a large number of murders will remain on the books as simple homicides , and the authorities will be able to say they have `` reduced '' the femicide rate .
For mail-order prescriptions , such genomic data would be a routine part of the customer database .
Following this failed attempt , Kibaki ordered Attorney General Amos Wako to author his government 's version of a new constitution .
We need a deal by the end of 2009 in order to institute more ambitious cuts to greenhouse gas emissions .
Bretton Woods and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade created a new order after the Second World War .
I have good news and bad news , but since I do n't know which is which , I will convey them in their logical order .
Meanwhile , the Communists took whatever food they could find , as one peasant remembered , `` down to the last little grain , '' and in early 1933 the borders of Soviet Ukraine were sealed so that the starving could not seek help .
A massive liquidity injection by the government ensured that no major bank collapsed , and minor bank failures were administered in a surprisingly orderly fashion .
The `` 70-80 '' scenario will preserve the status quo , but eventually the economy will reach a dead end , at which point the only choice will be genuine economic reform or decline and dangerous civil disorder .
Navalny 's repeated requests for the minutes of several state-owned companies ' board meetings generated huge resistance -- two companies even tried , unsuccessfully , to change the law in order to reject shareholder requests for information .
His orders list 17 state-owned companies and the powerful ministers and deputy prime ministers to be removed from board chairmanships by July 1 -LRB- he promised a longer list by October 1 -RRB- .
Therefore , it matters whether the new board chairs run their boards independently or according to the Kremlin 's orders .
Do n't Save the Press LJUBLJANA - Throughout history , political leaders have supported existing communication technologies in order to defend the system in which they rule .
Transparency was essential in order to reduce information costs , but it was beyond the ideology to recognize that information imperfections might be so deep as to be unfixable , and that some forms of trading activity , however transparent , might be socially useless .
The Constitutive Act of the African Union provides in Article 4 the `` right of the Union to intervene in a Member State pursuant to a decision of the Assembly in respect of grave circumstances , namely : war crimes , genocide , and crimes against humanity -LRB- as well as a serious threat to legitimate order -RRB- . ''
Every person living in Ukraine is forced to believe in three great falsehoods : the first consists of the assumption that all of today 's humiliating disorders - economic collapse , poverty , unemployment - are natural consequences of our postcommunist transition .
Ordinary Ukrainians know who they are because their bosses are telling them , even ordering them , to vote for these people .
For maintaining a constitutional order and viable free market requires an intuitive dislike of arbitrariness , a sensitivity to its manifestations , and spontaneous resistance .
We must give up the hope of liberty within an ordered society and market and resign ourselves to that interminable war of all against all of which Hobbes spoke .
This is doubly short-sighted as a nuclear armed Iran on Russia 's border is not in Russia 's national interest , particularly with Russia 's own 20 million Muslim citizens becoming increasingly radicalized .
For them , manufactured discontent in Ukraine 's Russian-speaking regions -- which have embraced a centrifugal tendency greater than in any other European democracy -- impels them toward the system of managed democracy found in Russia in order to protect their continued misrule .
European history during the past 60 years makes clear that the most promising approach to meeting the challenge of national reconciliation and stability is not to focus on specific contingencies , but to establish procedures that encourage orderly change .
Just as the US Federal Reserve has engaged in credit and currency swaps with Brazil , Mexico , Singapore , and South Korea and other countries to ease their access to the dollars they need , the European Central Bank must offer such swap arrangements to Europe 's non-euro countries in order for trade and production processes to continue .
What if elements of the old regime , or the cadres of militant minorities , only pretend to embrace democratic norms in order to hijack the new democracy ?
In particular , they can not create a liberal order and open society .
So , instead of retiring gracefully , as presidents from Bill Clinton to Boris Yeltsin routinely do , Kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of his term .
People too easily forget Ukraine , this big country on the border of the soon-to-be enlarged European Union .
With EU expansion coming next spring , all Ukrainians fear that a new wall will cut their country off from the Union 's easternmost border in Poland .
Economic borders can not and will not disappear until Russia and Ukraine agree on their territorial borders .
A country equipped to join the EU is a country equipped to make its way in the world peacefully , if it chooses to do so . Europe needs such countries on its border .
For example , three years ago Ukrainians crossed the border with Poland six million times .
As a step towards imposing EU border controls and visa rules , Poland began demanding visas from its neighbors .
Crossings at Polish border stations quickly fell by over two thirds .
Thus the new EU border with Ukraine is making its presence felt in the most negative way imaginable - by hurting business on both sides of the border .
Now , more than ever , we must believe this , for Russian troops wearing Ukrainian uniforms have entered our country , because Ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy .
They then tried to force the Ukrainian people to swallow this sham -- threatening to ban public gatherings , close our borders to new visa seekers , and silence any word of our protests on television .
We will be guided , and bound , by the rule of law -- and the spirit of ordered liberty that animates it .
One problem is that developing countries often attempt to isolate their domestic markets from world prices , particularly price increases , in order to protect their more politically powerful urban citizens .
But three features of Sweden 's reform seem particularly important : it was based on a combination of public and market systems ; it was general in form , without demanding that non-public schools be special in order to be licensed ; and it covered all students .
Amphetamine drugs produced in eastern Burma seem to be transported with such ease that significant quantities have been found in northeast India , on Burma 's western border .
In order for HIV\/AIDS programs to be effective and sustainable , affected communities must have the freedom to organize and empower themselves .
The Blueprints scenario is less painful , even if the start is more disorderly .
Numerous coalitions emerge to take on the challenges of economic development , energy security , and environmental pollution through cross-border cooperation .
The proposed Union of South American Nations -LRB- Unasur -RRB- , like the South American Defense Council , is part of a Brazilian regional strategy to encourage cooperation within Latin America in order to counterbalance the power of the United States and act as a mediator in regional disagreements .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern .
But a thin line separates orderly adjustment to changed conditions from market over-reaction .
Such efforts seem but a part of a surge of protectionism in European political debate about business , especially when it comes to cross-border acquisitions .
The people of Haiti , as well as US taxpayers , deserve a system that makes public the status of IDB loans and projects in Haiti in order to ensure that the US and IDB member states uphold their commitments to development and human rights .
This is all the more true in crisis situations , in which a protocol of collaboration should be implemented to delineate liquidity help from recapitalization , and to establish the conditions for restructuring in order to avoid competitive distortions .
He understands that Stalin was a criminal , that his order to murder Polish officers in Katyn was an act of depravity that has no excuse or explanation .
The thinking minority needs a system of laws and institutions , real presidential elections , a working parliament , and justice that is independent , rather than merely following orders from above .
International security cooperation , border controls , and transport sector monitoring are all important , but they do n't go far enough .
Psychiatry 's Conceptual Malpractice NEW YORK -- The American Psychiatric Association 's recent proposed changes to its official diagnostic manual -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- `` DSM '' -RRB- , often called the `` bible of psychiatry '' -- may discredit psychiatric diagnosis more than improve it .
The DSM specifies the symptoms by which every mental disorder is diagnosed , in effect defining what is psychologically normal and abnormal in the United States -- and , increasingly , for much of the rest of the world as well .
Draw the line between normality and disorder too broadly , and individuals may suffer incorrect diagnoses and undergo needless and potentially harmful treatment .
Although psychiatrists tend to worry more about identifying potential patients in need of help and less about eliminating normal eccentricity and distress from diagnosis , it is crucial in any society that respects human variation and encourages individual moral responsibility to distinguish normal suffering and eccentricity from mental disorder .
Yet the psychiatrists who formulated the DSM-5 's proposed changes are not trained in conceptual analysis , and , though amply forewarned , they have addressed the normal-versus-disordered issue in an unsystematic , ad hoc manner .
The result is a form of conceptual malpractice : intellectual negligence resulting in the formulation of invalid diagnostic criteria that will misdiagnose normal individuals as disordered .
Consider the following proposed new disorders :
-LRB- 1 -RRB- Binge eating disorder .
Apparently , people who feel bad about not being fully controlled in their eating when confronted by weekend buffet-style feasts are disordered .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- Hoarding disorder .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- Hypersexual disorder .
This disorder presumes that using sex to relieve unhappiness , and feeling guilty about it , is also diagnosable .
Likewise , loose or quirky thinking that is not now a disorder but indicates an increased risk of developing a psychotic disorder would be classified as a `` psychotic risk disorder . ''
Those diagnosed with this condition would be more likely to be treated with potent drugs , though most never develop a psychotic disorder -- setting a precedent for confusing risk factors with actual disorders .
For example , the DSM currently distinguishes substance dependence -- essentially addiction -LRB- a disorder -RRB- -- from substance abuse , a weaker category that includes dubious criteria such as driving while intoxicated or arguing with others about substance use .
The DSM-5 proposes to eliminate the weak `` abuse '' category , but only by combining its misconceived criteria with current dependence criteria to form a unified `` substance use disorder '' category , and reducing the number of symptoms needed for diagnosis from three to two .
Under the proposal , if you occasionally drive your car home from parties after drinking and argue with your spouse about it afterwards , you would have alcohol-use disorder .
A second example : it has been known since antiquity that normal people who recently experienced a significant loss -- especially of a loved one -- can have the same symptoms -LRB- e.g. , sadness , insomnia , fatigue , loss of interest in usual activities , lessened appetite -RRB- as those indicating major depressive disorder .
Anyone with depressive symptoms for just two weeks after suffering a significant loss would be diagnosed with major depressive disorder , massively pathologizing normal intense grief .
But research shows that virtually anyone with two weeks of sadness feels distressed and is likely to be role-impaired , so in effect this category elevates moderately prolonged normal sadness into a mental disorder .
All the above categories encompass some genuine disorders .
The problem is that the criteria are drawn so broadly that they pathologize mostly the non-disordered .
Normal individuals often need and deserve help , but the decision as to the kind of help they get should not be biased by incorrect labeling of their conditions as mental disorders that suggest something is internally wrong with them .
By failing to distinguish adequately normal distress and eccentricity from disorder , the DSM-5 's proposals threaten to increase dramatically the types of abuses that the DSM was designed to prevent .
NEW YORK -- The shootings of United States Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and others in Arizona last month are but the latest in a series of mass shootings in the US in which the -LRB- alleged -RRB- perpetrator suffered from an apparent mental disorder .
The vast majority of severely mentally disordered individuals are not violent .
Similarly , screening for loose , eccentric thinking yields mostly individuals who never become psychiatrically disordered .
The line between angry political extremism or eccentric normality and delusional mental disorder is tricky to draw .
Such abuses have emerged when preventive institutionalization has passed constitutional muster , as in the laws some US states have enacted in order to incarcerate `` sexually violent predators . ''
Perhaps prudent loosening of the imminent-harm standard for involuntary commitment in clear cases of severe disorder might be helpful .
If he refused treatment and was released because he posed no imminent threat , his severe mental disorder would nonetheless have been diagnosed .
He accepted this risk as the price to be paid in order to improve the economic welfare of ordinary Chinese .
It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or , as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur , in order to protect established companies .
Whereas the main distinction in Nineteen Eighty-Four is between rulers and ruled , in Brave New World , people are divided into different social orders defined by disparate tastes and lifestyles .
Still , there have been more moments lately that favor Huxley 's vision of political order over that of Orwell .
It boosted competition and innovation for professional traders and encouraged institutional market players , in particular , to trade across EU borders .
This lack of uniformity is preventing both banks and consumers from doing more cross-border business , and it is where policymakers must act ; only harmonized rules and EU-wide standards will eliminate costly and time-consuming compliance with different national regimes .
Rather , the aim of harmonization is to make cross-border trade easier for business .
For example , if there is no standard way to determine taxable income , or offset losses , it is hard for firms -- including banks -- to sell their products in other member states or to optimize their cross-border corporate structures .
Otherwise , national authorities will be unable to respond properly to cross-border developments .
The remaining barriers to cross-border mergers and acquisitions also need to be removed so that EU banks can grow big enough to compete globally .
Across Europe , there is a remarkable degree of homogeneity-even if on some borderline issues such as religious headgear in schools or crucifixes , different EU member states balance differently the delicate line between freedom of religion and freedom from religion .
To distract people from the economic shambles , another general -LRB- Leopoldo Galtieri -RRB- ordered the invasion of the British-governed Falkland Islands -LRB- in Spanish Islas Malvinas -RRB- .
Clinton has described today 's major global challenge for her country as being the improvement of communication across borders and at all levels of society , evidently everywhere .
We need only recall the chaotic atmosphere during the recent United Nations climate conference in Copenhagen to fear the kind of disordered and disappointing result that can arise from the desire of everyone to be in the room and to be applauded everywhere at once -- and to have every means of doing so .
The US is reportedly constructing a $ 100 million `` Special Operations Complex '' near Mazar-i-Sharif across the border from Uzbekistan .
Unlike his neighbors , he opened the border to desperate refugees , mostly women , children , and the elderly .
The precariousness of the situation throughout the Ferghana valley has attracted the attention of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- , which has much experience in defusing difficult border conflicts in the Balkans and elsewhere .
In order not to appear intimidated by Russia 's forceful dismemberment of Georgia , NATO governments have publicly reaffirmed their support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and the country 's desire to join NATO eventually .
Several SCO members are already assisting NATO countries to deliver supplies into Afghanistan , while Russia is allowing the United States to ferry military items across its border into Central Asia and onward to Afghanistan .
The lax regimes on Russia 's borders with the former Soviet republics of Central Asia facilitate the smuggling of narcotics and other contraband .
They could easily imitate the North Vietnamese strategy of professing to accept a compromise peace settlement in order to secure a foreign military withdrawal . They then could resume offensive operations against the still weak Afghan Security Forces , which have yet to demonstrate much military effectiveness .
The Pakistani Taliban has employed a variant of this strategy in the past , ostentatiously negotiating truces with the military in order to allow their forces to rest and regroup before resuming their attacks shortly thereafter .
The hope is to reduce acute emotional distress and prevent the onset of post-trauma psychiatric disorder .
Unlike debriefing , there is overwhelming evidence that some talking treatments , such as cognitive therapy or cognitive behavior therapy , is effective when applied to disorders such as depression , panic disorder or post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- .
First , unlike debriefing these interventions work not on normal people who have been exposed to adversity , but on those who have a definite psychiatric disorder .
Or the teenager disabled by obsessive compulsive disorder . For them finding skilled psychological therapies and therapists is rarely easy , even though in all of these instances the evidence of effectiveness is beyond dispute .
Second , no matter how well meaning our attempts to reduce distress and prevent psychiatric disorder , and no matter how self-evident the intervention , we still require firm proof of the benefits .
After the current round of enlargement is completed , the EU 's eastern border will likely run to the east of the Baltic states , Poland , Slovakia , Hungary and Romania , with Russia , Belarus , Ukraine and Moldova on the other side .
The Union must see to it that this border is not a new wall dividing Europe , and that the zone of stability and prosperity it has created for its members spreads to the EU 's eastern neighbors as well .
The first order of business is to endorse a capable and dedicated new FSB chairman .
This would enable to FSB to hire the best possible talent , receive funding from governments , and enter into more formal arrangements with other international bodies in order to carry out its responsibilities more effectively .
State-run television , radio and newspapers campaign for this supposed `` favorite son of the land , '' who is in reality a former collective farm boss and KGB-border police officer .
In this , he is exaggerating a tendency pre-dominant in all the Soviet Union 's successor states , where strong presidential systems are the order of the day .
In order to make the SDR the principal reserve asset via the allocation route , close to $ 3 trillion in SDRs would need to be created , an unrealistic proposition .
Is the international scholarly pecking order about to be overturned ?
The key words are `` association '' and `` partnership , '' in whatever order or combination .
The decision to appoint Ukraine and Poland as co-hosts was a powerful symbol of European unity across the current EU border -LRB- Poland is a member , Ukraine is not -RRB- . UEFA is unhappy with Ukraine 's progress in building the necessary infrastructure , but Ukraine should be given time to get its act together .
Strengthening the non-proliferation regime in order to confront today 's challenges would require no more than following this strategy .
On global nonproliferation , the US should push for a role for India in next year 's Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -LRB- NPT -RRB- review conference in order to complete the country 's transformation from being part of the problem to being part of the solution .
Breaking Burma 's Isolation NEW YORK -- The Obama administration 's decision to seek a new way forward in United States-Burma relations recognizes that decades of trying to isolate Burma -LRB- Myanmar -RRB- in order to change the behavior of its government have achieved little .
To reach the Burmese people directly , the US should continue to develop and scale up assistance programs , while preserving cross-border assistance .
Meanwhile , the supervisor confirmed -- as has online discussion by TSA employees -- that workers ordered to molest travelers are traumatized , too .
Instead , we have stereotypes about how `` real '' rape victims must look and act in order to be taken seriously .
A Muslim girl who wears a headscarf in a public school is simply wearing a headscarf , not provocatively challenging a hegemonic social order .
If Western Europe took a leaf from the US , it would be more peaceful within its own borders and better able to use the talents and leadership of its Turkish , Algerian , Caribbean , and other immigrants . Only then would we see a British , French , Dutch , or German Obama .
Barack Obama 's Missing Freedom Agenda On his second full day in office , President Barack Obama made a major gesture toward restoring the Constitution and the rule of law by signing two executive orders : one closed the prison at Guantánamo Bay , and the other restored America to the company of civilized nations by closing so-called `` black sites '' that facilitated state-sanctioned torture .
There is a speech that we still need to hear , detailing five tasks that , in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration , he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders .
We need to find ways to harness this in order to let young people be conduits for peace and harmony .
Second , the old powers need to accommodate the rise of Globalizer economies -- particularly China and India -- by reforming our international order .
OPEC uses output cuts whenever possible to keep prices at levels that are at least an order of magnitude above the cost of production plus a reasonable return .
With little recourse to legal means , an increasing number of frustrated victims of graft resort to extra-legal measures such as strikes , demonstrations , and sit-ins in order to gain media and public attention .
Some even carry their fights to the provincial and central authorities , stoking a sharp rise in the incidents of `` public order disturbances '' nation-wide .
In order to guarantee the outcome , the statutes of such committees and their mandates ought to be agreed upon by all euro members . No more Brussels interference , no more arbitrary rules , no more political judgments -- just plain common sense .
The French do not care that they have never been able to articulate their vision of a `` third way , '' for they remain deeply convinced that the state has a key role to play in steering markets in order to defend `` higher '' values from the single-minded pursuit of materialism .
China has no other choice but to pursue sustainable development in order to meet the basic needs of its people and to eradicate poverty .
Unlike the Bankruptcy Law , the administrative procedure has a different hierarchy of liquidation priorities : what a bankrupt SOE owes to its employees and the resettlement charges must be covered first and foremost by its total assets , including the enterprise 's collateral , in order to reduce dependence on local governmental budgets .
The law must contain specific provisions regarding such matters in order to ensure successful listing of restructuring firms .
At the same time , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is accused of siding with Israel in order to restore his lost authority in Gaza .
If Hamas is to survive the war , it must demonstrate that its resistance resulted in a permanent opening of Gaza 's border crossings , especially in Rafah .
With open borders , Hamas would secure its regime in Gaza and build its popularity in the West Bank , putting enormous pressure on Abbas , the leader of the rival Fatah movement , to accept a national unity government on terms set by Hamas .
Egypt will have to backtrack on its rejection of Hamas in order to recover its image among the Arabs and to reduce tensions within Egyptian society .
But if Israel forces Hamas to accept its conditions for border controls and a formal ceasefire , Hamas 's image as the guardian of Palestinian resistance will be severely damaged .
A new policy is needed not only in order to halt America 's drift into impotence as it tries to prevent Iraq from spiraling into full-scale civil war , but also because the map of power in the Middle East has changed dramatically .
These Sunni leaders live in abject fear of the geopolitical earthquake that any disintegration of political authority in Baghdad would bring , believing that all-out civil war would invariably follow -- a war that would not respect international borders .
Of course , should the US see failure ahead , it could seek to broaden the war beyond Iraq 's borders by attacking Iran , a policy reminiscent of `` Operation Sideshow , '' when US failure in Vietnam in the late 1960 's enticed President Nixon into attacking Cambodia and Laos .
Now , even Islamists are welcoming Russia back as a regional player in order to strengthen their struggle against American hegemony , conveniently forgetting Russia 's brutal suppression of Chechen Muslims during the 1990 's .
The Shia are a special case , constituting 75 % of the population in the Eastern Province , the Kingdom 's main oil-producing region , and identifying far more strongly with Shia across the border in Iraq than with the Saudi state .
The threat that this would represent is not abstract : the Kingdom 's borders are very porous .
The Terror Next Door LONDON -- In a prominent hadith , the Prophet Mohammed said : `` If disorder threatens , take refuge in Yemen . ''
But today disorder and radicalization in Yemen are beginning to infect Saudi Arabia , and thus the safety of the world 's largest oil producer .
US President Barack Obama 's recent order to shut down the Guantánamo Bay detention facility has made the problem of Yemen 's weakness a leading international issue .
Building fences and sending helicopters to police the borders will not be sufficient , and the idea that jihadis can be rehabilitated is a myth .
Saleh received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for his domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemen 's border .
His desperation mounting , Saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters , evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through .
Saleh , emboldened by Gates ' remarks , immediately appeared on television and ordered all opponents to leave Yemen , as if millions of Yemenis would simply desert the country , leaving him and his family to reside in peace .
So the Saudi and Sunni Gulf rulers want to keep US military forces in Iraq partly in order to keep the country down .
The Saudis even spent billions of dollars to build a security wall along its vast border with Iraq , in order to contain the violence that it was exporting there .
On Bin Laden 's orders , oil installations , the oil city of Khobar , the interior ministry , and the police headquarters in Riyadh were all attacked .
In particular , the concept of al-walaa ' wa al-bara ' -LRB- `` loyalty to the system and hostility to outsiders '' -RRB- , a central component of the Saudi educational curriculum , was savaged because it included a duty to engage in jihad to protect the moral order .
Both choices are fraught with danger : open up , and they include people in Saudi public life hitherto considered unworthy for being either heretics -LRB- the Shia -RRB- or of impure blood -LRB- the Hejazis -RRB- or too primitive -LRB- the border tribes -RRB- .
Sultan 's fortune is estimated at $ 270 billion , which he distributed between his sons prior to his death in order to shore up their political position in the competitive princely arena .
Ibn Saud managed to conquer and unite the vast territory of the Arabian Peninsula , give it his family name , and alienate , divide , and control his cousins and brothers in order to establish a clear and undisputed line of succession through his sons .
The Jews did not come to exploit Palestine 's resources or subjugate its residents in order to transfer the economic benefits elsewhere .
Nor did they come like the American or Australian settlers in order to build a new identity and assimilate the natives into it .
There must be a clear border between the two .
In other words , the Jews , who based their identity in the diaspora on mythological memory and time , were now returning to its clear-cut elements : a territory defined by borders , and a detailed chronological understanding of their own history .
Above all , border crossings between Israel and the Palestinian territories should be reopened for the sick , for students , and for families whose members were separated by the blockade .
Unlike colonial states , in which colonizers came from distant metropolises -LRB- and only in small numbers -RRB- the Palestinian territories are just across the border from Israel .
On our part , we also will be recognizing not so much the Palestinian people , which one day may merge with the people of Jordan , as an independent and sovereign Palestinian state within the 1967 borders .
Nor did the Nazis exterminate the Jews in order to take their property -- most Jews were poor , and those who owned anything probably would have given it up gladly in order to save themselves .
Israel is , of course , resigned to its numerical inferiority , and will continue to train its soldiers in order to overcome this deficit . As a result , one prisoner in exchange for a thousand Palestinian prisoners is neither a humiliation nor a surrender , but an acceptable agreement that acknowledges , even on behalf of the enemy , the military capacity of Israeli soldiers .
Indeed , those remaining in the West Bank will be under the supervision not only of Israeli security forces -- who know everything they need to know -- but also of the Palestinian Authority . In recent years , the Palestinian Authority has effectively prevented acts of terrorism and violence against Israelis , with the aim of stabilizing the situation in the West Bank in order to prepare for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state .
If the threshold spread is set reasonably high in order to achieve a significant discount , the stock of debt retired by the buyback would be marginal .
The cost of maintaining internal order will continue to rise as the system 's fundamental defects force the new leader to confront stark new challenges .
One troubling aspect of this change is that the new leader may feel the need to resort to brute force more frequently in order to suppress popular resistance .
Of course , in order to pressure North Korea 's government to give up its nuclear option , the current international economic sanctions , which target WMD-related products and luxury goods , probably should continue .
The main concern in this period of great uncertainty is whether the transition to a new paradigm can be managed without further destabilizing the international political-economic order .
Having learned the lessons of the 1930 's , the post-war global economic order was built on a network of international institutions , such as the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and what ultimately became the World Trade Organization .
Because , as Immanuel Kant noted long ago , states with democratic political systems tend not to fight with each other , democracy should be encouraged in order to secure peace .
The third liberal route to peace -- institutionalizing international relations -- aims to regularize the behavior of states through a system of norms and rules , thereby creating order -LRB- and peace -RRB- out of quasi-anarchy .
Strengthening these two countries ' relations with China would increase the possibility of building a new , peaceful order for Northeast Asia . Indeed , measures aimed at creating a climate of genuine trilateral cooperation are the only effective way to improve regional security .
If Assad decides to scuttle the presidential election in order to strengthen Syria 's hold in Beirut , then the party will go along .
The current exchange-rate regime , which links the RMB to a basket of currencies , was designed to give the PBC leeway to control the pace of RMB appreciation , while creating two-way fluctuations in the exchange rate against the US dollar in order to discourage speculators from making one-way bets on the RMB .
Some local governments are literally digging holes and then filling them in order to create GDP .
That is understandable : the rise of new powers has always disrupted the established international order .
On the other hand , annual wage growth of only 2 % means that there are still only minimal second-order effects even after 16 months of above-target inflation .
But the BOE 's inaction -- even as the ECB raised interest rates in order to begin to normalize monetary policy -- could send the wrong signal , according to Sentance .
Mogae managed to hold down inflation and attract foreign investment in order to diversify Botswana 's economy and make it less dependent on the extraction of diamonds , while simultaneously ensuring that more of the country 's mineral wealth was processed at home .
To lend credibility to its bid to host the SKA , in 2006 South Africa 's government committed $ 250 million to build an array of radio dishes within its own borders as a precursor to the SKA .
Instead of more Madonnas , who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child 's life , Africa needs more Nkhomas : passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children .
· The `` fallout '' is potentially cross-border in nature .
In the Japanese case , only wind and the lack of a land border prevented a major impact on neighboring countries .
So a nuclear accident in Europe would likely have cross-border consequences .
For example , Japanese economists argue that the Plaza Agreement , which called for `` orderly appreciation '' of non-dollar currencies against the dollar , was a natural outgrowth of high national income .
There is no doubt that China needs its financial sector to develop soundly in order to ensure sustained economic growth .
In order to curb investment demand , tighter credit rationing and monetary policy are inevitable in 2008 , while investment projects and land use will be subject to more rigorous control .
A Mania for Diagnosing Bipolar Disorder
A Mania for Diagnosing Bipolar Disorder PROVIDENCE , RI -- During the past few years , many experts have suggested that bipolar disorder -- a serious illness resulting in significant psychosocial morbidity and excess mortality -- is under-recognized , particularly in patients with major depression .
The clinical implications of the failure to recognize bipolar disorder in depressed patients include the under-prescription of mood-stabilizing medications , and an increased risk of rapid `` cycling '' -- swings between manic and depressive phases .
But , perhaps as a consequence of concerted efforts to improve the recognition of bipolar disorder , during the past few years we have observed the emergence of an opposite phenomenon -- over-diagnosis .
In my own practice , my colleagues and I have encountered patients who reported that they were previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder , despite lacking a history of manic or hypomanic episodes .
To be sure , we have also seen patients seeking treatment for depression who really did have bipolar disorder .
Seven hundred psychiatric outpatients were interviewed with the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV -LRB- SCID -RRB- and completed a self-administered questionnaire that asked whether they had been previously diagnosed by a health-care professional with bipolar or manic-depressive disorder .
Patients with SCID-diagnosed bipolar disorder had a significantly higher risk of bipolar disorder in their immediate family members than patients who self-reported a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder that was not confirmed by the SCID .
Patients who self-reported a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder that was not confirmed by the SCID did not have a significantly higher risk for bipolar disorder than the patients who were negative for bipolar disorder by self-report and the SCID .
Our findings , validated by family history , thus suggest that bipolar disorder was over-diagnosed .
Any study seeking to determine whether a psychiatric disorder is over-diagnosed will find that some patients with the condition do not have it upon re-interview .
Over-diagnosis of bipolar disorder has costs .
Thus , over-diagnosing bipolar disorder can unnecessarily expose patients to serious side-effects of medication .
The impact of marketing efforts by pharmaceutical companies and publicity probably plays a role in the emerging tendency to over-diagnose bipolar disorder .
Direct-to-consumer advertisements that refer individuals to screening questionnaires can result in patients suggesting to their doctors that they have bipolar disorder .
Clinicians are inclined to diagnose disorders that they feel more comfortable treating .
We believe that the increased availability of medications that have been approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder might be influencing clinicians who are unsure whether or not a patient has bipolar disorder or borderline personality disorder to err on the side of diagnosing the disorder that is responsive to medication .
This bias is reinforced by the marketing message of pharmaceutical companies to physicians , which has emphasized research on delayed diagnosis and under-recognition of bipolar disorder , possibly sensitizing clinicians accordingly .
The campaign against under-recognition has probably resulted in some anxious , agitated , and\/or irritable depressed patients who complain of insomnia and `` racing thoughts '' being misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder .
The results of our study are consistent with prior studies suggesting possible problems with the diagnosis of bipolar disorder .
With the greater number of medications approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder , along with multiple reports cautioning clinicians against under-diagnosis , it appears that over-diagnosis has become a greater problem than under-diagnosis .
The second shaky principle is that , in order to validate these instruments , issuers of CDOs relied on credit-rating agencies .
Countries are trying to break the credit freeze , bolster financial institutions , ease interest rates , strengthen safety nets , and revive consumption and investment in order to boost business , enable people to work , and lay the foundation for future growth .
