Nevertheless , many remain in detention and Voronin continues to hurl accusations at the opposition and Romania of organizing a coup d'état .
He did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen -- endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter-collection , tree-planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species .
The organizing principle in the new president 's foreign policy is one of not having principled , ideological guidelines .
As a political tactician , she has also been innovative , organizing her campaign on the Internet with a plan to write her program from the responses of users .
Marwan Barghouti , the leader of Fatah 's grassroots group on the West Bank , is now in an Israeli prison for organizing the bloody uprising that began in 2000 , and for direct involvement in planning the killings of many Israeli civilians .
We lost our organizing principle and no other idea has replaced it .
They were generated at the margin of an age with a much more liberal orthodoxy and picked up when the time was ripe by politicians who have found in them a useful organizing principle .
Yet such reductionism lies behind one of today 's dominant concepts , multiculturalism , according to which one of our identities must prevail above all others , serving as the sole criterion for organizing society into distinct groups .
The quality of articles is uneven , as might be expected of a self-organizing process , but it is not uniformly bad .
Instead , he busies himself with organizing a political movement that will structure his project .
For 350 years , sovereignty -- the notion that states are the central actors on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within the territory of other states -- has provided the organizing principle of international relations .
The search for a new grand strategy , or at the very least a new organizing principle , is confounded by the revolutionary times in which we live -- an unprecedented era of several simultaneous revolutions , all of which are epic and historic .
No one dreamed that a line drawn on the 38th parallel for the tactical purpose of organizing the surrender of Japanese units to Soviet and American forces would become a scar across the Korean peninsula that would create two separate states .
In fact , the aura of political incorrectness that surrounds such terms reflects the absence of any similar organizing principle in contemporary globalized societies .
They are choosing local councils , publishing newspapers , and organizing various political and social organizations .
Indeed , here Chinese Twitter users lead the world , using it for everything from social resistance , civic investigation , and monitoring public opinion , to creating black satire , `` organizing without organizations '' in the Guangdong anti-incineration movement , and mailing postcards to prisoners of conscience .
Governments took on the responsibility of stabilizing and organizing consumption on a wider level .
In an extreme form , luxury hotels are now organizing service in local community projects as a way of engaging the passions of their wealthy patrons .
India 's economy must be freed from the organizing principle of state control , so that individual enterprise and creativity can become its main engine .
Labor leaders are often charged with `` organizing an illegal procession '' or `` disturbing the social order . ''
Nepotism of this type is practically the organizing principle of big business in China , where most lucrative deals involve the `` princelings , '' the offspring of the communist leaders , who number perhaps 3,000-4 ,000 .
Today , Pakistani generals who are notorious for organizing coups and helping the Taliban , possess atomic bombs .
Chen Guangcheng , a blind lawyer -- famous for exposing a forced abortion scandal in Shandong -- was given a four-year jail term on the dubious charge of `` organizing a mob to disturb traffic . ''
But the most radical indigenous groups rejected the initiative , and the group organizing the coca growers took advantage of the situation , stirring up nationalist sentiments .
Instead of waiting passively for sanctions , Iran 's leaders decided to start a Middle East crisis by organizing attacks against Israel .
But mayors are also the most knowledgeable about communication links within their communities , and are thus the most capable of organizing effective partnerships to address and resolve local issues .
Only by recruiting new blood and reorganizing itself with a solid ideological platform will an LDP comeback be possible .
The Commission should be organizing public debates that give equal prominence to dissenting views .
Other reports credited him with subsequently organizing both their trial and a firing squad -- even before the legal proceedings began .
Yet this did not deter Turkey from organizing the Third Turkish-Arab Forum on July 10 , 2010 , with Syria , Jordan , and Lebanon .
Whether deliberately or not , China is reorganizing itself to balance central authority and common purpose with decentralized freedom , in the same way that nimble companies balance home-office and divisional control .
It is also time to start thinking about a new way of organizing Central Europe .
It is an organizing tool for policymaking : Is an international challenge a watershed or not ?
Without this transformation , the lack of institutionalized mechanisms for voicing and organizing dissent will eventually produce conflicts that will overwhelm the capacity of the regime to suppress .
Or consider the case of a group of young officers charged with organizing a prostitution ring and stealing state secrets .
Before the modern globalization era , unions could thrive by organizing on a national scale , giving them enormous bargaining power vis-à-vis both employers and consumers .
The interdependence of all states -- large or small , weak or powerful , democratic or authoritarian -- has become the organizing principle of today 's international security system .
But , whereas Abbas appointed Salam Fayyad , a veteran economist who is respected in the West , as his new prime minister , he probably should have picked someone capable of being tough , organizing his forces , and fighting back .
This is what network theorists call `` self-organizing '' behavior . As each unit took its own steps , these local actions were communicated to the rest of the world through Web sites that tracked and disseminated global plans , as well as offering information , advice , and encouragement .
But this option is all but foreclosed , because union membership or organizing can lead to dismissal , blacklisting , violence , or worse .
It is the best way of organizing a society based on reality and not ideals .
Reorganizing the world order will need to extend beyond the financial system and involve the United Nations , especially membership of the Security Council .
The Obama administration then assumed responsibility for organizing the government 's efforts to boost recovery , the centerpiece being a large stimulus package to shore up the real economy .
It is a necessary organizing principle that allows people to pool their resources for the common good and mobilize against common threats , whether they are floods or invading armies .
When a Chinese government security official recently accused followers of the Dalai Lama of organizing suicide attacks -- merely the most extreme of a barrage of allegations against the `` Dalai clique '' -- it was as though the Cultural Revolution were still raging .
Given this , and the challenges of administering a new country , integrating the `` princely states '' into the Indian Union , and reorganizing the divided armed forces , they could have been forgiven for demanding dictatorial powers .
The road toward peace rather than ceasefire in Lebanon precludes the EU 's participation in America 's emerging `` containment '' strategy vis-à-vis Iran , at least in its current form , which is based on organizing the resistance of Sunni states to Shia influence . For the Shia are the biggest of Lebanon 's three religious communities .
