To the surprise of many , the country 's legal community organized a nation-wide movement to restore the Chief Justice to his post .
Her first stint as prime minister -LRB- 1988-90 -RRB- was brief and disorganized .
Nevertheless , fourteen civil society activists who attempted to organize a special meeting to address the realities of the Kurdish issue in Syria recently received various sentences on charges of working to undermine national unity .
Finally , pensioners have time in their hands , which they dedicate to organize political activities in their own interest .
Second , it leaves time for anti-reform lobbies to organize and prevent any progress toward completion of the reform effort .
The attacks were an operation that must have required months of planning : serious weapons were deployed , a small army was mobilized , targets were studied , transport was organized , and weak points identified .
As a special honor , his Russian hosts organized an excursion to Strelna , the `` Russian Versailles , '' which was recently restored from ruin to become the Petersburg residence of President Vladimir Putin .
The organizers of the exhibition stated that they wanted to attract attention to the new role of religious institutions in Russian life .
Last December , prosecutors charged two Sakharov Museum officials and three of the exhibition 's organizers with inciting religious hatred .
The state prosecutor was ordered to take action against the organizers , with 265 of 267 deputies approving the measure .
It asserted , in effect , that the Sakharov Museum exhibition organizers had committed an administrative rather than a criminal offense .
Compared to producers in the US and Europe , those in China are weakly organized and passive .
The case of Shoko Asahara , the founder of Aum Shinrikyo -LRB- the Japanese group that organized the Sarin gas attack on Tokyo 's subway in 1995 -RRB- , comes to mind here .
Recently , I attended an IMF-organized workshop in Beijing that brought together Chinese officials , academics , international analysts , and IMF staff to discuss how best to catalyze household consumption in China .
In reality , these conflicts are not frozen ; they are festering wounds that breed corruption and organized crime .
Mexico 's government has several options for ending the violence of narcotics-related organized crime that is devastating the country and corrupting and weakening its political system .
During the 2010 elections in Tamaulipas , a candidate for governor and another one for mayor were assassinated , presumably by `` organized crime . ''
· Provide support for partial continuation of Calderón 's strategy , including cooperation agreed with the US to combat transnational organized crime .
US financing will need to be continued , and probably increased , to combat the traffic in illegal drugs , organized crime , and related violence ;
With early elections called for September , there is serious doubt as to whether opposition groups will have the time , means , and experience to organize effective political parties .
For example , his opposition to governments ' authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers , as well as to anti-drug laws , which he believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime .
Several went on to join and lead a new party - Croatian Integrity and Prosperity -LRB- HIP -RRB- , organized by Tudjman 's eldest son Miroslav , the former chief of the Croatian intelligence service .
Who jailed their organizers ?
When Mubarak felt his power was slipping and reached out to his adversaries , he found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society . They could not formulate coherent positions and practical demands .
When more than 4,000 Arabs returned from fighting the Soviets there , al-Ahmar organized them into units and deployed them in the 1994 civil war .
The Yemeni opposition is not only organized , but also plays an active role in politics and has true grassroots support .
Indeed , the opposition parties have already organized a transitional council to take Saleh 's place .
AIG is a holding company , and most of its business is conducted through insurance subsidiaries organized as separate legal entities .
Those who organized this coup hoped that it would lead to greater things for themselves ; those who signed a petition of protest were fired not long after .
Political peace was also preserved through social policies that reduced organized conflict .
Illicit Afghan networks , replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world , are mobile and resourceful , and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves .
Our relationship has evolved from a predominantly economic one into one that includes fighting terrorism , piracy , and organized crime , as well as many other issues .
So if a Shia threat organized by Iran really does exist , why is it being ignored by those that it purportedly targets -- the Sunni Arab majorities ?
I have been to Sudan twice , and , as part of a delegation organized by Conscience International , I also visited the refugee camps in Nyala and El Fasher in Darfur .
The main organizer and speaker was Glenn Beck , the right-wing populist radio and TV personality , who promised to restore not only the nation 's honor , but `` American values , '' too .
Israeli students were the first to organize a protest , known as the Sheikh Jarrah Solidarity Movement . They were followed by distinguished professors , famous novelists , and a former attorney general , among others .
When it comes to the so-called Israel lobby in Washington , which is well organized and very well funded , evangelical Christians play an important part as well .
The Olympic Games -- no doubt perfectly organized , without a protester , homeless person , religious dissenter , or any other kind of spoilsport in sight -- will probably bolster China 's global prestige .
In China , by contrast , while individuals have regained many personal freedoms since the death of Maoism , they are not free to organize anything that is not controlled by the Communist Party .
Could there be a better place to do business , build stadiums and skyscrapers , or sell information technology and media networks than a country without independent trade unions or any form of organized protest that could lower profits ?
Since then , South Korean intelligence institutions have been assessing Kim Jong-il 's ability to organize an orderly dynastic succession .
What is needed is a radical change in how we think about medicine and health care , not simply better ways to reorganize existing systems .
Second , Moreno-Ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only Sudan 's president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned , ordered , and organized the massive crimes in Darfur .
They evicted the Federal Electoral Institute -LRB- IFE -RRB- directors , who organized last year 's presidential vote ; strengthened the ban on independent candidates ; made it practically impossible to create new parties ; and established a series of arbitrary , quasi-Stalinist restrictions on the content of campaign advertising , speeches , and exchanges among candidates .
But as Democrats discovered in other recent debates , and as Republicans realized with a little help from the CNN organizers , who skewed the questions toward issues they feel strongly about , immigration is an issue that just wo n't go away .
The Swedish Presidency , together with the European Commission , intends to organize the first meeting of the Eastern Partnership Civil Society Forum this autumn .
But this only accelerated the gangs ' fragmentation , provoking a new and extraordinary increase in violence . Indeed , over 5,000 people were killed by organized drug criminals last year , more than double the death toll in 2007 .
Moreover , the non-Taliban and non-Pashtun forces are now stronger , more organized , and better prepared than in 1996 to resist any advance on Kabul , having been empowered by provincial autonomy or by the offices they still hold in the Afghan federal government .
Children , of course , are unlikely to organize or complain to authorities when they are overworked and underpaid .
Moreover , political parties have become `` machines '' made up of highly organized cadres of insiders .
Such leaders are using religion for their own highly modern political purposes ; they use it to organize and mobilize their supporters - to commit individual or collective suicide , if need be .
How , then , do free countries deal with terrorist expressions of organized frustration ?
While such interests do exist , they do not lead older people to close ranks and organize themselves .
The international community must therefore recognize that it is not enough to promote , organize , or monitor elections in hitherto undemocratic countries .
The SCO is also beginning to work together in the fight against drug trafficking and organized crime .
Other developing countries were told that their trade barriers , their love of inflationary finance , their failure to curb tax evasion , and their lack of governments strong enough to enforce property and contract rights against local notables , organized bandits , and - most important - their own functionaries were keeping them from participating in the new globalized economic cornucopia .
Over the past 20 years , laid-off workers , dispossessed farmers , Falun Gong practitioners , and angry Tibetans have organized protests .
On 5-7 November the European Training Foundation organizes the conference `` Learning Matters '' in Turin , Italy , bringing together 250 international officials and experts from 58 countries to discuss new strategies for vocational and educational training in 40 countries neighboring the European Union .
Together with widespread hostility to organized religion , manifested in such hugely popular books as Richard Dawkins 's The God Delusion , disappointment with social ideals means that we turn inward .
He remains a nationalist , but the main theme of his electoral campaign was the struggle against organized crime and his promise to purge the police of dishonest high-ranking officers .
But it is obvious that in the period of transition through which Serbia is going , there is a need for a strong , well-organized European-style social-democratic party to address these issues .
Now , it is feared , organized crime will intimidate his less talented successors .
But effective or quick suppression of the organized criminals who were almost certainly behind Djindjic 's murder is unlikely .
Indeed , Djindjic may well be a victim of his recent moves to root out organized crime .
He was initially slow in fighting organized crime , because he did not want to alienate the bulk of Milosevic 's mafia-infested establishment at once .
Latin America 's economies are organized in a way that concentrates wealth in a few hands , but then leaves it untaxed , depriving governments of the resources needed to invest in their citizens ' human capital .
Oxfam America , with support from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , organized a two-step response to the crisis .
The second step was to organize cash-for-work projects that built dams , rehabilitated springs , and constructed roads , thereby helping people to strengthen their small farms and improve their resilience to future droughts .
That is , they will do such things as take care of their own health , engage in public discussions or blog about safety conditions in their community , rate school performance , organize weekly runs for dog owners , care for their local forests or rivers - as part of their lives , not as part of their jobs .
This is the kind of thinking that was driving us at a recent health care working group gathered as part of the recent Civil Society Summit organized in Moscow by the Eurasia Foundation , the New Eurasia Foundation and the CSIS . -LRB- I was there as a Eurasia Foundation board member . -RRB-
To tackle these problems , we came up with an `` open data\/information liquidity '' project , which will advocate and organize the publication , exchange , aggregation , and analysis of health data -- not just general statistics , but specific data about health outcomes in terms of drugs and treatments , hospital performance , and the like .
Doctors who organize groups based on literalist readings of scripture and engineers who lead Islamist political parties are familiar figures throughout the Muslim world .
Islamists -LRB- such as those in Hamas -RRB- gain credibility among Muslim populations because of the social services and community support that they help to organize . Indeed , fundamentalist professionals often excel in such activism .
They organize its meetings . Like most committee chairs , they have significant agenda-setting power .
And , given its location , South Korea would be torn between encouraging an emerging-market caucus and encouraging an Asian caucus -- for Asia , too , needs to organize itself better in order to represent its interests in the G-20 .
As the economic historian Alexander Field has shown , many firms took the `` down time '' created by weak demand for their products to reorganize their operations .
Railways reorganized their operations to make more efficient use of both rolling stock and workers .
US airlines have used the lull in demand for their services to reorganize both their equipment and personnel , much like the railways in the 1930 's .
The ability of disaffected youth -- university-educated youth in particular -- to use social media to organize themselves has been on powerful display recently in Tunisia , Egypt , and elsewhere .
Instead , what will ultimately replace today 's dollar-centric international monetary and financial system is a tripolar system organized around the dollar , the euro , and the Chinese renminbi .
Financial markets and institutions with global reach need a global macro-prudential regulator , not just a loosely organized college of supervisors .
In April 2009 , young people in Moldova used Twitter to organize protests against their government .
More likely would be an IMF-organized restructuring of the existing debt , swapping new bonds with lower principal and interest for existing bonds .
Ancient Athens became a `` democracy '' -- literally , government by the people -- when Kleisthenes organized ordinary fisher folk and farmers into a mass rabble capable of defeating Sparta-backed oligarchs .
After September11 , 2001 , the US had a second big chance to use its unique power to reorganize the world .
There were many people who lost out during this transformation , and the democratic revolution 's organizers were not necessarily those who could push through the democratic and economic development .
What , then , will a future risk assessment look like if significantly less organized and developed countries begin -- with the active assistance of the nuclear powers -- to acquire civilian nuclear-energy capabilities ?
Two of the organizers were sentenced to death .
One reason is that terrorism is typically organized activity .
Terrorists are organized , and the group can continue even after the individual is caught .
But suppose we try to define the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as terrorism by using the following formula : a violent , organized , and public attack by private parties on other civilians , without guilt , regardless of the justice of the cause .
The G-20 needs a smaller informal steering group , a G-6 or G-9 , which could meet on the eve of the main G-20 meeting and discuss how to organize the discussion in the larger group .
At least part of the problem is that it is dealing with complex social forces that are not organized into centralized hierarchies that can enforce rules , and thus be deterred , coerced , or otherwise manipulated through conventional power .
In the end , the Committee on Scientific Dishonesty was itself reorganized .
Afflicted by corruption , the law-enforcement authorities are not in a position to prevent the threat of terrorism or to crush organized crime .
I will purge these bodies of corruption , eradicate organized crime , and liberate our towns from terrorists and bandits .
In 2003 , while Taylor was under rebel attack , he organized and supported an incursion into Côte d'Ivoire .
This leads to such things as a `` language '' at the level of cells and `` energy '' behind organized societies .
They constitute a small but well organized group that wields immense lobbying power to block efforts to limit CO2 emissions by putting a price on them , as the planned US cap-and-trade system would have done .
But the way housing finance is organized differs enormously from country to country , and these differences explain the recent global imbalances and financial crashes .
Néstor ridiculed President George W. Bush in front of the world : host to a summit of heads of state , he organized a parallel anti-summit with supporters of Fidel Castro and Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez .
Europe , too , needs to help organize a large hemispheric region .
Early elections should be avoided , lest those -LRB- such as the Muslim Brotherhood -RRB- who have been able to organize over the years enjoy an unfair advantage .
A mixture of instability , government weakness , and ideology in countries such as Yemen , Libya , Somalia , and Nigeria are providing fertile territory for terrorists to organize , train , and mount operations -- much as they did in Afghanistan did a decade ago .
America currently finds itself in the midst of a confused search for a central principle around which to organize its foreign and defense policies .
This majority will never rise in support of an American-organized coup or surgical strikes .
Either some divine being crafted our moral sense , or we picked it up from the teachings of organized religion .
The powerlessness of the victim of state-organized street fights and threats against his family is experienced in the same way as the powerlessness of somebody harassed during a state security investigation .
Playing for Human Rights PRAGUE &#45; &#45; The selection of Beijing to organize and host the 2008 Olympic Games was accompanied by the Chinese government 's pledges of visible progress on respect for human rights .
And Khutoskoi , a leading Moscow-based anti-fascist activist , would organize security at anti-fascist concerts , as well as at Markelov 's press conferences .
As a result , Al-Qaeda has had a respite to try to rebuild itself and to organize attacks in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere .
Until the uprising in Tunisia , we thought that political change would be led either by Islamist forces or by a coup by a group of military officers -- not by disorganized , youth-led masses .
Indeed , in Brussels , events are organized for members of the European Parliament , the business community , and even high school students .
The reason would be obvious to anyone who witnessed the recent `` million man march '' in Karachi organized by Pakistan 's newly formed coalition of religious parties , known as the MMA .
Will today 's government do better ? This will only be assured if citizens organize themselves to play a more direct role in relief and rehabilitation for the long term .
Nor , due to a lack of organized opposition , will public anger at Musharraf 's pro-US policy destabilize his regime .
The police finally stepped in and , after a careful investigation , announced that they had found the true criminal : Yang Yongming , a private businessman whom the local lottery administration had contracted to organize ticket sales . Yang had conspired with the government officials directing the lottery , who were arrested for malfeasance , to fraudulently obtain the top prizes .
But if small units are well organized , they can greatly improve the well-being of society as a whole , bit by bit , by working at the micro level .
`` There is , '' he wrote in an echo of today 's globalization debates , `` a certain situation of capitalistically disorganized economies , in which the higher culture is not victorious but rather loses in the existential fight with lower cultures . ''
America 's currency unilateralism pushed everyone else to organize against the chaos emanating from Washington .
Order seems to be the name of the biological game , and evolution leads to more complex organisms and more organized structures .
How do Schneider and Sagan reconcile the contradiction between what appears true of life - that it organizes matter into increasingly complex creatures and structures - and the notion that disorder should increase and order should be lost ?
Instead , they make a distinction between matter and energy and say that matter organized in structures disseminates energy gradients faster than randomly distributed matter .
The threat comes from an unlikely source : organized crime .
As with any ban , a market was thus created -- and with it a business opportunity for well organized and environmentally reckless criminals .
If the latter , that is bad enough , but the answer is not self-evident , and the whole question of organized crime and the illegal trade with CFC 's demands attention .
Customs officials all over the world and fighters of organized crime have a new battle -- this time for the environment -- on their already busy hands .
Furthermore , Abe will seek to reorganize the prime minister 's office to reinforce its ability to function as a political headquarters that can make quick decisions on national strategy concerning diplomatic and security issues .
It also speaks to America 's relative position that even the less-than-organized ministers of the European Union acted more quickly to create a floor for the financial crisis than did the US president and congress .
Traditionally , Shiite seminaries were rather unorganized , unstructured places , based on pre-modern styles of management .
A well-organized team would collapse like a house of cards , and the hopes for future space research and missile design would be dashed , threatening the country 's security .
Putin may well be as isolated as my grandfather Nikita Khrushchev was in 1964 , when Leonid Brezhnev organized his palace coup against him .
What is new , in Russia at least , is the emergence of organized resistance to this failed paradigm .
But it is these people -- motorists , volunteer ecologists , and charitable-campaign organizers -- rather than Russia 's politicians who represent the country 's best hope for modernization .
In Cote d'Ivoire , we will help organize elections before year 's end -- a major stride toward recovery and democracy .
Containment , it should be recalled , was organized against a Soviet totalitarian regime that was not only ideologically aggressive and in the process of consolidating its colonization of Eastern Europe -LRB- as well as Japan 's Northern Territories -RRB- , but also deliberately sealed off from the wider world economy .
The most prominent such figure is Marwan Barghouti , the leader of the student movement at Birzeit University in the 1980 's and one of the main organizers of the First Intifada , resulting in his deportation by Israel in the late 1980 's .
Keeping everyone in suspense helps prevent the emergence of organized opposition to a dynastic succession .
In such schemes , Chávez has so far had more success than Morales , whose Constitutional Assembly has not yet been able to organize itself .
Efforts to eradicate coca plantations have achieved the bare minimum , and increasingly frequent seizures of cocaine and coca paste originating in Peru indicate that trafficking activities are relocating to Bolivia , thus bringing more illicit money and more organized -- and violent -- criminal groups .
In Carson 's wake , the `` Woodstock '' generation of the 1960 's , with its Earth Days , soon began to organize a broad campaign , which saw , in April 1970 , around 20 million Americans take to the street to defend the environment .
With the consent of both the US and Iraq 's new leadership , EU governments should also offer to organize an international conference uniting all those with a stake in Iraqi stability , including Iraq 's neighbors , to work out a strategy and commit resources in order to save Iraq from slipping into protracted turmoil .
We must take full advantage of our organized security structures to ensure that the global security burden is shared in a fair and proportionate manner .
But the state can and should organize a good ethical and political education that affords young people the opportunity to interact with others and recognize and accept their equality .
In industries where no domestic firms are present , policymakers should aim to attract foreign direct investment from the countries being emulated or organize programs for incubating new firms .
Russians may be concerned by growing unemployment and reduced incomes , but this is not manifesting itself in any drive to organize or try to effect political change .
But it is fair to ask when a sustainable solution to Africa 's dehumanizing poverty will be found , not only by the G8 and the organizers of Live 8 , but also by Africa 's leaders and people .
But despite global agreement on the need to seize these moments , we too often find ourselves scrambling after the fact , in ad hoc fashion , to convene willing donors and organize teams of experts and logisticians to deliver urgently needed aid .
Elections without liberty do not constitute genuine democracy , and here Egypt faces a serious challenge : its best-organized group , the Muslim Brotherhood , rejects religious liberty and individual rights , especially the rights of women .
In conditions of chaos , which Egypt could face , the best-organized and most ruthless group often gets control of the government .
There is absolutely no indication so far that organized networks or religious groups are manipulating these youth .
The rioting may not be organized - no clear leaders or political demands have emerged .
The move was made in an effort to seize material evidence about the nexus between Sumo wrestling and the `` Yakuza , '' Japan 's Mafia-like organized-crime groups that date from the seventeenth century .
I am convinced , for example , that over the years there has been too much `` regulatory capture '' by the supply side of the financial services market , with its well-organized and powerful lobbies . By contrast , there has been too little engagement on the demand side .
We think ourselves more open , sentimental , cordial , and family oriented , but also more disorganized and blase , at times irresponsible and lazy .
The EU urgently needs to democratize its procedures and reorganize its institutions to ensure that this year 's enlargement does not lead to bureaucratic deadlock .
The Davignon Plan imposed Europe-wide production and price controls , monitored and coordinated national governments ' state aids , organized the closures of outdated plants , encouraged mergers , and awarded EU funding to retraining schemes for redundant steel workers .
Americans see this as the key battleground in the war on terror , and Europeans want stable , responsive governments that stem the flow of illegal migration and organized crime .
A serious strategy must do three things : increase support for the region 's democrats ; create a regional context that facilitates democratic development ; and , finally , reorganize ourselves at home to pursue and sustain pro-democracy policies abroad .
Finally , we must reorganize ourselves to sustain such a course .
With access to extensive funds , this group appears to sub-contract many of its operations to organized crime or `` casual '' insurgents motivated more by pay than by ideology .
The good news for those who desire stability and democracy in Iraq is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can not `` win '' in the traditional sense of replacing the government and forming a new regime .
The bad news is that an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can eventually evolve into a coherent , efficient , and purposeful one .
This would obviously pose a much more serious threat , but even an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can survive and block stability , democratization , and prosperity for many years .
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , on the other hand , believes the size of the military is adequate if it is re-organized for maximum efficiency .
But the reality of 1989 , one of the organizers of the mass protests at the time told me , is that `` it was possible at any point , at any time , for events to take a different course . ''
Students organized a small rally in the old Vy¨ehrad cemetery , the burial grounds of Smetana and Dvo?ák in a fortress overlooking the city .
An organizer of the November 17 rally told me that he knew it was over that very day , when he expected several hundred people and 20,000 showed up .
Perhaps the most incongruous presence was Gen. Victor Stanculescu , a favorite of the Ceausescu 's who only days before had reportedly organized their evacuation from the rooftop of the Central Committee .
If a hunt for agents had been organized in 1990 when the democratic revolution began , neither Leszek Balcerowicz 's economic reforms nor the establishment of a state governed by law would have been possible .
Since 1989 , the Chinese Communist Party -LRB- CCP -RRB- has been pursuing a two-pronged strategy : selective repression that targets organized political opposition and co-optation of new social elites -LRB- the intelligentsia , professionals , and private entrepreneurs -RRB- .
This strategy emphasizes the maintenance of an extensive law enforcement apparatus designed to eliminate any incipient organized opposition .
Late last year , I was an organizer of a major national survey of Iraqi public opinion that demonstrated the complexity of the country 's communal relations .
Today , France 's black minority is trying to organize itself along the lines of the Jewish minority .
Another labor organizer , Cao Maobing , was committed more recently by police to a mental hospital in Jiangsu province .
In this view , the total complement of cells , anatomically organized by function and forming major pathways , constituted the brain 's `` hardware . ''
But both were relatively homogeneous societies with significant middle classes and no organized resistance to American occupation . Yet both transitions still took nearly a decade .
According to the report , the General Assembly has lost vitality , the Security Council must be more proactive , the Commission on Human Rights suffers from a legitimacy deficit , the Secretariat should be more professional and better organized , and major institutional gaps hinder responses to economic and social threats to international security .
In 1988 , the organizers founded a Lennon Peace Club that demanded the removal of Soviet troops .
Some failed states are so chaotically organized that they can not be deterred from providing a haven for terrorists .
First , the US should take the lead in helping to develop and maintain international laws and institutions to organize collective action to deal with not only trade and the environment , but also weapons proliferation , peacekeeping , human rights , and other concerns .
Dwight Eisenhower ran an efficiently organized presidency that some at the time believed lacked leadership , but historians later discovered his hidden hand behind most important decisions .
Barack Obama has experience living overseas and working as a community organizer in Chicago , but not in the executive branch .
In America today , the presidential debate is between Senator John McCain , a war hero , and Senator Barack Obama , a former community organizer .
But revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by A. Q. Khan , the father of Pakistan 's bomb , confirm the danger I predicted back then .
In addition , his contextual intelligence about world politics has been shaped from the bottom up with experience in Indonesia and Kenya , and his understanding of American politics was shaped from the bottom up as a community organizer in Chicago .
Even when thinking only of fighting and threats , many analysts focus solely on inter-state war , and concentrate on soldiers in uniforms , organized and equipped by the state in formal military units .
Only China , by its behavior , could organize the containment of China by others .
BEIJING -- In March , at a meeting in Beijing organized by Columbia University 's Initiative for Policy Dialogue and China 's Central University of Finance and Economics , scholars and policymakers discussed how to reform the international monetary system .
He would propose measures including , for example , cutting links between government and organized crime , and making it more difficult for bureaucrats to accept bribes .
But the rump of Boko Haram then went underground , before re-emerging more ferocious and better organized .
Some prominent Nigerians have also suggested that if the electoral crisis is not resolved before Obasanjo steps down on May 29 , the chief justice should take over as interim president and organize new elections .
The reinternment , organized by Hungary 's anti-communist opposition on the 31st anniversary of his execution , drew more than 100,000 attendees , heralding the beginning of the end of the country 's sclerotic regime .
In Hungary , several youth organizations existed and were aware of each other , so the political community that took part in the political changes in Hungary in 1989 was organized on this basis .
If true , China will never resolve droughts such as the current one in Guizhou by itself , regardless of how many large-scale engineering projects the government undertakes , or how well organized remedial efforts are .
Borobio , who organized the presidential advertising campaigns for both Fujimori and Toledo , declared from exile in Chile that two of Toledo 's brothers had secretly hired him to help `` slow down the president 's fall from popularity , improve his public image , and raise his ratings . ''
Greece and Turkey have signed eighteen mutually beneficial agreements in areas ranging from trade and energy , to environmental protection and the fight against organized crime .
Energy security , organized crime , terrorism , absolutism and fundamentalism , climate change , and cybercrime are acute concerns for every country .
At a press conference just hours after my car exploded , I announced my suspicion that the explosion had been organized by Gagik Tsarukyan , an MP nicknamed `` Dodi Gago '' -LRB- `` dod '' means stupid in Armenian -RRB- and one of the country 's richest men and a close friend of the president 's family .
Moreover , the police and security forces were to be reorganized so that they were seen to represent the whole community , not primarily its Protestant majority .
So far , the EU has offered to support democratization in Tunisia and Egypt by helping to organize free and fair elections , establish political parties , and reform the police , courts , and local administrations .
Changes in the way banks are organized have put extra pressure on supervisors .
But this suspicion of political parties as such meant that there was no organized body across the country committed to carrying out a consistent , well-thought-out reform program .
Can such a code really take hold in the competitive world of business ? Perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a New York Times reporter by Max Anderson , one of the pledge 's student organizers : `` There is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good , '' he said .
By contrast , market-based financial systems perform better when economies and firms are bigger and more formally organized , with better legal enforcement and transparency , and when innovation is constant .
They also have the ability to organize successfully against the market , particularly in small countries , where incumbents form a well-defined group whose members often attended the same elite schools , frequent the same clubs , and intermarry .
Under the Cold War `` balance of terror , '' Western Europe organized an economic , political , and cultural community that has now brought about a modern era of `` perpetual peace '' on that continent .
He was an icon among his fellow countrymen -- indeed , for his 70th birthday , the largest newspaper in Poland organized a celebration during which they crowned him -LRB- with a crown of laurel leaves , of course -RRB- ... the King of Europe .
In the Convention on the future of the EU , member states and candidate countries are already discussing how to organize the EU in the years ahead .
Not even an organized network would be required ; just a fanatic with the mindset of those who now design computer viruses .
For more than two decades , shareholders in all the developed countries , unorganized and passive from 1945 until 1975-1980 , have recast themselves in the form of pension funds , investment funds , and hedge funds .
Through pension funds , investment funds , and arbitrage -LRB- or hedge -RRB- funds , shareholders became well organized and seized power in developed countries ' firms .
That is why all prosperous societies are capitalistic in the broad sense of the term : they are organized around private property and allow markets to play a large role in allocating resources and determining economic rewards .
It is also the dominant perspective of governance in the United States , Britain , and other societies organized along Anglo-American lines -- even though actual practice often deviates from idealized principles .
But once the political franchise was enlarged , the working class got organized , and mass politics became the norm , domestic economic objectives began to compete with -LRB- and overwhelm -RRB- external rules and constraints .
One of my best friends from childhood married a union organizer who found it so difficult to land a job in the US that he eventually moved his family to strike-happy Canada .
Evidence produced in these exhumations is being organized into indictments , prepared by the non-governmental Center for Human Rights and Legal Action -LRB- CALDH -RRB- .
Sharon was considered a certain victor in the planned March elections , for which he had organized his own Kadima -LRB- Forward -RRB- party , attracting leading figures from the Labor party on the left and the Likud party on the right .
The universe presented by organized religions is a poky little medieval universe , and extremely limited . ''
Governments tend to be organized according to nineteenth - or twentieth-century topics such as diplomacy , defense , internal security , and finance , not twenty-first century challenges such as sustainable development .
They mobilize armies , organize political factions , combat warlords , or try to grapple with religious extremism .
The inability to organize rapid relief is killing tens of thousands more .
As a society , it is one thing to organize economic policies to keep living standards on the rise , but quite another to subordinate all of society 's values to the pursuit of profit .
In ninety days , these organizers turned out more than 5 million protestors worldwide .
The Internet allowed for a rapid worldwide dissemination of organizational plans at an extraordinarily low cost to the organizers .
Drug trafficking or other illegal activities can overtake the whole government , turning it from despotism to international organized crime .
More importantly , Iran 's Shia clerics were both organized and politically active in a way that Pakistan 's Sunni clergy have not been .
Until elections can be organized , it may be necessary to do what was done in Lebanon just after the war : appoint members to an interim Iraqi parliament .
However , since then , Lebanon has put together a coalition government , regained security and stability , weathered the global economic crisis , and now organized a largely free and fair election .
`` Over the rivers and down the highways and along countless jungle paths , the population of East Pakistan continues to hemorrhage into India : an endless unorganized flow of refugees with a few tin kettles , cardboard boxes , and ragged clothes piled on their heads , carrying their sick children and their old .
Indeed , surges of organized anger when China is attacked or insulted are hardly new .
State-funded cultural programs strengthen `` welfare democracy '' even more , while the economic and symbolic importance of sporting events has led to state intervention that increasingly organizes athletic training along the lines of the public school system .
Thanks to the welfare state , organized sports , which first appeared among the leisured upper classes , are now practiced by everyone .
But it made it difficult for Sunni insurgents to hide or blend in with the population , and deprived them of logistical and financial support . It also provided a degree of safety and security for the Shiite-led government , which was largely the purpose of the well-organized campaign in the first place .
It is hypocritical to promote democracy and then sign a trade agreement that denies workers the basic democratic right to organize and join unions .
The US and China could work together to organize managerial and development training for North Koreans and encourage the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund to start providing technical advice .
Terrorist groups have to resort to organized crime to fund themselves .
What McCain and Obama Ignore PRINCETON -- Barack Obama worked for three years as a community organizer on Chicago 's blighted South Side , so he knows all about the real poverty that exists in America .
Last month , when I was in the capital , Thimphu , to speak at a conference on `` Economic Development and Happiness , '' organized by Prime Minister Jigme Y. Thinley and co-hosted by Jeffrey Sachs , Director of The Earth Institute at Columbia University and Special Adviser to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , I learned that it is much more than a slogan .
The United States , in particular , shifted its stance significantly since its rejection of the Kyoto Protocol , even accepting that the United Nations will have to organize the future negotiations .
The good news from Heiligendamm is that the UN will now have to organize a common solution .
So the challenge now is to formulate policies to provide work for all who want it in economies that , as currently organized , may not be able to do so .
Demands for freedom of assembly and the right to organize followed .
Something similar exists in the political sphere , where industrial and economic sectors are organized but divided .
Equally important , the perception of organized labor and industry concerning environmental issues is changing dramatically .
Moreover , a well-organized eurobond market would be desirable .
This sounds like bad news , because it means that there will be no international price on carbon , and , without a market price , it is difficult to see how the reduction of carbon emissions can be efficiently organized .
The interim government 's key political task should be to organize free and fair elections , making only those constitutional changes needed to conduct them .
The question , rather , is how to organize society .
This includes freedom for workers to express concerns , organize , and participate in decisions that affect their lives .
Although these terrorist groups are better known internationally for atrocities against Israel , they have established strong political support by providing organized social services such as schools and clinics for poor people .
Sultan Abdulhamit II organized the massacres of 1895-97 but it was not until the spring of 1915 , under the cover of the First World War , that the Young Turks ' nationalistic government found the political will to execute a true genocide .
Between 1968 and 1973 , British Labor and Conservative governments organized the removal of everyone living on the 55 islands that now constitute the British Indian Ocean Territory -LRB- BIOT -RRB- , and that were split off from Mauritius at the time of its independence .
All polls suggest that , given the choice in a free , fair , and well-organized referendum , southerners will vote overwhelmingly for independence .
It could undermine the credibility of Europe 's stated emphasis on the promotion of the rule of law and strengthen the charge of double standards that is so often leveled against Western policies . As Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was reported to have quipped when confronted with routine European criticism on corruption and organized crime , `` Mafia is not a Russian word . ''
In the past year alone , it has organized or assisted in elections in over 20 countries -- often at decisive moments in their history -- including Afghanistan , Palestine , Iraq , and Burundi .
The UN can be a much more effective instrument if its member states in the General Assembly and the Security Council are better organized and give clearer directives to us in the Secretariat -- along with the flexibility to carry them out -- and then hold us clearly accountable .
Likewise , although Uribe 's government approved the extradition of 304 Colombian nationals and 11 foreigners -LRB- most to the US -RRB- between 2002 and 2005 , drugs-linked organized crime continues to thrive and expand in Colombia .
Moreover , many of these murders are committed with extreme violence -- sexual savagery , torture , and mutilations -- by perpetrators -LRB- often involved in organized crime -RRB- acting with a high degree of impunity .
Those committed by strangers , often with intense cruelty -- and often linked to organized-crime groups such as the Central American maras -- rarely end up in court at all .
In Mexico , women have been murdered by hit men , hired by their husbands or partners to make the killing look like the work of organized crime .
That difference underscores a fundamental reality : violence associated with the `` war on drug trafficking '' and organized crime -- including state corruption -- in some countries has specific consequences for women .
We have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago , free trade was a core belief for many democrats , radicals , women activists , and , indeed , organized labor .
Liberals and radicals organized traveling shows , color posters , and political entertainment .
Car owners are an affluent , socially active , and easily organized group .
Such candidates organize concerts and throw money , medicines , food , cloths , computers , and other goodies around .
In order for HIV\/AIDS programs to be effective and sustainable , affected communities must have the freedom to organize and empower themselves .
The lack of regional common policies is particularly noticeable in the areas of regional defense and internal security , where it has been impossible to identify a common position on inter-state tensions , the fight against organized crime , and drug trafficking .
Many of the conditions needed for a democratic transformation -- a vibrant and organized civil society , a relatively free press , and well-respected opposition figures , as well as a variety of battered but breathing political parties of different persuasions -- are already present .
But it is hard to imagine the Taliban using force to prevent their al-Qaeda allies from reestablishing a military presence in Afghanistan and exploiting that presence to organize additional terrorist attacks in other countries .
As a result , the `` peasant question '' is now threatening social stability and is potentially explosive in a way reminiscent of when Mao organized his revolution around peasant disaffection with the rural policies of the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek .
The political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood -LRB- the Freedom and Justice Party -RRB- currently is the best-organized party , and may be in the strongest position to form a majority coalition , including Salafist elements .
Election rules favor those who were organized before the revolution .
At the same time , limits on workers ' ability to organize independent unions have inhibited grassroots forms of safety monitoring .
The sexualization of torture from the top basically turned Abu Ghraib and Guantánamo Bay into an organized sex-crime ring in which the trafficked sex slaves were US-held prisoners .
They should organize new online entities in which they pay a fee for direct investigative reporting , unmediated by corporate pressures .
Demonstrations and meetings were organized . Posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal . But the Shalit family is given the most credit : they left their home in a small village in Galilee to camp out for more than a year near the prime minister 's residence in Jerusalem , reminding the Israeli public of the victim 's suffering and pushing the government to accept Hamas 's conditions .
To fix this problem , we need to move the bulk of derivative trading onto organized exchanges , where daily collateral requirements would guarantee systemic stability , and price transparency would force competition , reduce margins , and increase the market 's depth .
